Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://www.zomato.com/applicant-policy:
Cookie Policy
Zomato uses cookies to enhance user experience. Read our
Cookie Policy.
Accept and Close
By doing this you agree to our cookie policy
The information below is important - be sure to read it before you move forward. By accepting the statement below, you are consenting to the following privacy terms ("
Applicant Privacy Policy
")
If you have applied for a job opportunity at Zomato Limited (formerly known as Zomato Private Limited) and/or its affiliates (“
Zomato
”), through Zomato’s website i.e.
www.zomato.com
, third-party recruiters, staffing companies or other websites contracted by Zomato for its recruitment requirements, you hereby consent to submit your personal and/or sensitive personal data to Zomato solely for Zomato’s recruitment purposes. More information about how your data will be used by Zomato during the recruitment process can be found herein below:
Introduction / who is collecting your personal data?
When you apply for a job with Zomato, Zomato and/or its contracted service providers will collect and use your personal data for recruiting purposes  including to check your qualifications for employment with Zomato, as required by law, or as otherwise described below.
What Personal Data will Zomato collect?
Zomato may collect following categories of data which includes but is not limited to:
Data you submit in resumes / CVs, letters, writing samples, or any other written materials;
Data generated by interviewers and recruiters authorized by Zomato, based on their interactions with you, or basic Internet searches;
Data provided by Zomato contracted third-party placement firms, recruiters, or job-search websites, where applicable;
Any information as provided by you to any employee of Zomato for the purposes of any job referrals;
Data about your previous employment, education, and where required and permitted by applicable laws of the concerned jurisdiction, criminal records or any other data revealed during background screenings;
Data about your health or disability relevant specifically for the performance of your duties and functions at Zomato, availability during the working hours or for the purposes of any specific workplace accommodation required to be undertaken by Zomato  for you to perform your roles and responsibilities.
Data about gender, for purposes of government reporting where required, as well as to understand the diversity characteristics of the Zomatoʼ workforce. However, in case you wish to not provide this information, the same shall not have any effect on your job application and you shall remain fully eligible for Zomato’s recruitment and selection process.
Any other personal data collected as per law of India and UAE (as applicable).
Your submission of personal data constitutes your consent to Zomatoʼ use of your data and your verification that the data is accurate as on the date of submission.
By submitting your information, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the foregoing and consent for Zomato and its contracted third party service providers to the use of your information as set out above. You are not mandated to provide any requested information to Zomato but failing to do so may result in not being able to continue your candidature for the job for which you have applied.
By submitting your information, you acknowledge that all representations made by you are true and correct to the best of your knowledge and belief, and you have not knowingly omitted any related information that may have an adverse impact on your application. Providing any inaccurate information may make you ineligible for employment with Zomato.
What will Zomato do with your personal data?
Zomato may use your personal data for the following:
Assess your suitability for employment for the role for which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available;
Perform analysis of its applicant pool to understand who is applying to positions at Zomato and how to attract talent;
Perform any legally-required reporting and respond to legal process(es) as per the applicable laws of India and UAE.
Any other lawful purposes.
Ensure that you provide your contact information (only) at
Zomato/Careers
—a website that Zomato maintains to notify you about new positions. If you apply at Zomato once, your information will be entered into Zomato’s database and accordingly, your contact information may be used by Zomato to send you invitations to sign up for future position alerts and invitations to its recruiting events.  You may  opt-out of receiving any such messages, communications and alerts by selecting the opt out option provided under such alert.
From what sources will Zomato obtain your personal data?
Zomato obtains data about you from the following sources:
From you, when you submit resumes or any other information;
From conversations with recruiters and interviews with hiring managers and other Zomato personnel or representatives, some of which may be recorded (with your express knowledge and consent) as well as from Internet searches that these individuals may perform, or data that they may obtain from job search or professional networking websites (e.g. Indeed, LinkedIn, etc.) where you may have made data about yourself publicly available or shared your data for the purposes of recruitment with Zomato;
From Zomato contracted third-party service providers and staffing companies, or websites where you are introduced to Zomato. Zomato does not accept unsolicited resumes from 3rd party recruitment agencies, but does sometimes use such agencies, subject to an agreement for recruitment purposes. Any resume or other candidate information submitted outside of established candidate submission procedure shall not be considered to be shared with Zomato and accordingly, Zomato shall not be held responsible or liable for any such data shared with Zomato. For instance, a resume shared via email with any Zomato employee, will be deemed to be provided for Zomato’s use;
From background checks, as applicable and where permitted by law, Zomato may contract with a third party, to perform a pre-employment background screening. The content of the background check may include information gathered from publicly available sources, your former employers or colleagues, schools you have attended, credit reporting agencies, and criminal record databases in compliance with applicable laws. Where required by applicable law, you may be asked to provide certain background check information, (which may include sensitive data) directly to Zomato.
Any other publicly available sources.
We use third-party recruiters and staffing companies who collects and retain your information for the purpose of assessing your suitability for employment for the role which you are applying, as well as future roles that may become available. You may reach out to
privacy@zomato.com
in case you wish to know the name of such recruiting and/or staffing companies.
Who will have access to your personal data? Where are they located?
Access to your personal data will be restricted to such  people in Zomato or its contracted third party service providers who will evaluate your application for employment and perform actions supporting Zomatoʼ Recruitment process. Zomato may share your information , or with any government agencies (as may be required by applicable law).
Where your personal data is transferred to a country other than the one in which you reside for the purposes of evaluation of your candidature with any of Zomato’s affiliates located outside India, be advised that such countries may not have the same legal protections for personal data as your home country.
The following may have access to your personal data:
Recruiters working within the country where the position you are applying for is based;
Hiring managers and other interviewers where such individuals will be based in India and Dubai;
Individuals performing administrative, audit and IT support functions at Zomato; and
Authorized personnel of Zomatoʼ third party service providers, including:
Third Party service providers which may host and support Zomatoʼ recruitment process;
Companies contracted to perform background screenings, where applicable. These companies may be based in another country, and may obtain data from other countries where you have lived, worked or studied, as may be relevant as part of a background check.
Government officials where legal reporting requirements exist, or law enforcement agencies or private litigants in response to valid law enforcement process (warrants or court orders); and
A successor to Zomatoʼ in the event that it sells or divests all or part of its business.
How long will Zomato retain your personal data?
If you are given and accept an offer of employment by Zomato, personal data collected during your pre-employment period will become part of your Zomato personnel records and shall be retained throughout your employment with Zomato and for such period after your employment with Zomato as may be required under the applicable laws of India and UAE (as the case may be). If Zomato does not employ you, it may nevertheless continue to retain and use personal data collected during the recruitment process in order to consider you for new positions, and, if appropriate, to refer back to an earlier application if you submit a resume or any other information to Zomato again in the future.
How Zomato protects your personal data?
Zomato employs organizational, technical, and physical security and privacy measures as required under applicable laws of India and UAE in order to protect your data from loss or misuse. Where Zomato enters into a contract with third-party service providers to provide services that may enable them to access your personal data, Zomato requires them by contract to have similar controls in place.
How to obtain a copy of Zomato’ internal Privacy and Data Protection policy, request access to your personal data or contact Zomato with questions or feedback?
Zomato has established a Privacy and Data Protection framework to oversee compliance with applicable privacy and data protection regulations.
If you have a question, comment, complaint, request etc. or wish to obtain a copy of Zomatoʼ Privacy and Data Protection Policy, you may write to
privacy@zomato.com
.
Rectify or amend the sensitive personal data or personal information:
If you wish to rectify or amend any part of the information provided to Zomato, you may write to
privacy@zomato.com
.
Withdraw consent given under the Applicant Privacy Policy:
If you wish to withdraw your consent given to Zomato under the Applicant Privacy Policy for the use of your personal information as per the terms therein, you may write to
privacy@zomato.com
. However, please note that in case of any withdrawal of consent, Zomato shall not be under any obligation to consider your application for recruitment and the same may be rejected due to lack of consent.