Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator/:
Home
›
Products
›
Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
Generator
Use our
free privacy policy generator
to create a privacy policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, small business, or any other need. Comply with the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA, and more!
Free
Done in minutes
Customize for your business
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Features
Generate a
free privacy policy
that’s comprehensive and legally compliant using one of the best privacy policy generators of 2025.
“Creating a privacy policy was very easy with the guided questions and available templates. Would recommend.”
Jason
View Review
Fast and Easy to Use
Privacy policy in minutes
Customization tools
Automatic updates
Multiple embed options
Built for Every Business
Website
App
Ecommerce site
SaaS
Complies with Privacy Laws
GDPR
CCPA/CPRA and CalOPPA
UK GDPR
PIPEDA
How To Use
Our Privacy Policy Generator
Just follow these simple steps to create a custom, compliant privacy policy for your business, software, site, or app:
Create your legal policy in a
matter of minutes
by answering a few questions in our privacy policy builder.
When you’re done, simply click publish. You can then customize how your privacy policy looks before adding it to your website or app.
Whether you use a content management system like WordPress, manage your website yourself, or use a professional service, we give you a few different options to add your policy.
We guide you through the process of generating a privacy policy by asking some simple questions about your business –
Yasmeen, Privacy Engineer @ Termly
Trusted by over
1,900,000
businesses worldwide
“It is so easy to use. I don't need to understand the full legal details of everything. It takes you step by step through the whole process.”
Steven
View review
“Termly is an amazing service and easy to use and update as business grows.”
Daria
View review
“I was impressed by how Termly made it easy to create a privacy policy that covered multiple privacy laws (in my case UK GDPR, CCPA and CDPA) into one coherent professional-looking policy.”
Carl
View review
Create a
Free Privacy Policy
We offer the best privacy policy solution for all types of businesses.
Privacy Policy for AI
Our AI-ready privacy policy generator lets you to disclose how you use AI and if and when you share user data with third-party AI platforms or services.
Privacy Policy for Websites, Blogs, and CMS
Use our generator to build a privacy policy for your own website or blog or for platforms like:
WordPress
Godaddy
Wix
Squarespace
Privacy Policy for Apps
You can create a privacy policy for any type of app regardless of marketplace.
iPhone
Android
Windows Phone
Privacy Policy for Ecommerce Stores
Generate a free privacy policy for any online store, whether its custom or hosted on a platform.
Shopify
WooCommerce
BigCommerce
Privacy Policy for Third-Party Software & Tools
Our generator can help you create a personalized policy to comply with any third-party requirements.
Google Analytics & Adsense
Amazon
PayPal
Privacy Policy for SaaS / Subscription Based Businesses
You can get a privacy policy for your SaaS or subscription business in just a few minutes.
Privacy Policy for Facebook Ads, Apps, and Pages
You can build a compliant privacy policy for Facebook ads, apps, and pages.
Basic Privacy Policy
If you just need a simple privacy policy for your small business, personal website, app, etc., our privacy policy creator has you covered.
Easily Comply with Laws like
the
GDPR
,
CCPA
, and
PIPEDA
Based on international laws and modern business practices, you need a privacy policy if you collect any personal information or personal data from users. Personal data includes more than just names and addresses — it can include cookie data, IP addresses, email addresses, and more.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify an individual. Personal data includes names, emails, phone numbers, addresses, geolocation, IP addresses, cookie data, and so much more.
When you create a privacy policy online, you must list all personal data your website or app collects from users.
Personal Data & the Law
Personal data is heavily protected by laws like the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA, and others. The leading method of protecting personal data is requiring websites and businesses to be honest about how they collect, share, and use personal data. Privacy law violations can result in serious fines.
Personal Data & Your Privacy Policy
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. Comply with laws, build loyalty with customers, and meet online business standards by providing a comprehensive privacy policy to your users. Our free generator walks you through the necessary questions to create a customized privacy policy.
GDPR
EU General Data Protection Regulation
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act
CalOPPA
California Online Privacy Protection Act
PIPEDA
Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
A comprehensive and transparent privacy policy is required to comply with most of the major data privacy laws worldwide –
Leila, Privacy Compliance Specialist @ Termly
Privacy Policy Generator
FAQ
We answer the most frequently asked questions about privacy policies and our free generator.
Is the privacy policy generator free to use?
Yes, Termly’s privacy policy generator is a free solution for generating privacy policies for websites, apps, Facebook and more.
No credit card is required to create, publish, and post one free privacy policy once it’s been generated.
How fast is the privacy policy generator?
Termly’s privacy policy generator is the fastest way to create a comprehensive and compliant privacy policy. You only need to spend a few minutes answering some questions about your business, and our generator will create your
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy — also referred to as a privacy notice — is a legal document that explains how a company or website collects, uses, and shares personal information.
The most important thing a privacy policy does is inform your users how you collect, use, and manage their personal data.
Other common names for a privacy policy include:
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement
Privacy Disclosure
Privacy Agreement
Why is a privacy policy important to have?
Privacy policies not only satisfy legal requirements, but they also signal to your users that you respect them enough to disclose how you collect, manage, and use their data.
Not having a privacy policy can make you seem to be an untrustworthy business.
However, you only need a privacy policy if you actually collect or process data through the use of cookies, analytics software, forms, etc.
Do I need a privacy policy?
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. There are multiple laws that require privacy policies, as well as service providers that demand their users have privacy policies. For example, many Google services require you to have a privacy policy.
Additionally, today’s consumers are more aware than ever when it comes to data privacy. Stand out from your competitors by publishing a clear, detailed privacy policy. You can reassure your users that their personal information is safe with your website, app, or company.
Which laws should I be aware of when generating my privacy policy?
When creating your privacy policy, you should consider several privacy laws — including, but not limited to, the GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, and PIPEDA. Depending on your type of business, you may also need to review any relevant industry-specific laws or laws about use of specific types of data.
If you’re not familiar with these data privacy laws or how they might apply to you, don’t worry. Our generator can help walk you through relevant questions.
Can I copy someone else’s privacy policy?
No, you can’t copy someone else’s privacy policy. Doing so will put your business or website at legal risk. Privacy policies are protected by copyright, so copying someone else’s policy is a legal violation. More importantly, your privacy policy needs to be tailored to your website in order to comply with data privacy laws and give users accurate information.
In addition, you cannot copy and paste a privacy policy. Using another company’s privacy policy without permission is (copyright infringement), and illegal. Your privacy policy needs to be specific to your business, and explain how your website or app collects (user) data.
What should my privacy policy include?
You’ll need to keep the following questions in mind when creating your policy:
What types of data do you collect? Email addresses, contact information, and payment information are commonly collected. Be sure to evaluate all of the data you collect, whether that is for marketing purposes, newsletters, order information, and more.
Why do you collect the data? Are you collecting any data you don’t need? Describing the purpose for data collection is a critical part of your privacy policy.
Where and how do you store collected data? Some data privacy laws limit how long you can keep personal information. You’ll also want to consider the security of your data storage.
Our generator walks you through the steps and ensures you don’t forget anything when creating a privacy policy.
Where should I put my privacy policy?
Put your privacy policy in easy-to-find areas on your website. Some common places to put a privacy policy include:
Website footer
Main menu
Checkout page
Sign-up page
Within other legal policies
You should put your policy in multiple of the above locations. Linking your privacy policy around your site ensures users can find it, and that you stay compliant with privacy laws. Our generator offers multiple embed options to help you easily add a policy to your website.
Do I need more than a privacy policy?
Some websites and businesses do need more than just a privacy policy. If you need to comply with laws like the GDPR, you may also need to look into cookie consent. Depending on the type of website or business you have, you may also need other legal agreements. For example, websites that sell products may need a return policy and a shipping policy.
Some legal agreements, like Terms and Conditions, can help protect your business. Terms and Conditions, also known as Terms of Service or Terms of Use, are an agreement between the website and the users. You can use this agreement to specify the rules for using your website or describe user behavior that is not allowed.
Our Full Suite of
Compliance Solutions
Terms and Conditions Generator
Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms
Learn more
Disclaimer Generator
Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability
Learn more
Cookie Policy Generator
Notify users, provide cookie preferences, and obtain consent for your cookie use
Learn more
Cookie Scanner
Scan, categorize, and review your website’s cookies to ensure compliance with cookie use rules
Learn more
Explore more solutions
Related Articles About
Privacy Policies
Articles
March 14, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 7, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 7, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 7, 2025
Heloisa Valdívia, CIPM
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 5, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 5, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Explore more resources
EN
FR
ES
DE