Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://www.instapaper.com/terms:
Terms
Instapaper Terms of Service
Instapaper turns web content - articles, stories, posts, videos, and even long emails - into a great reading experience, anywhere, anytime.
Please read these Terms of Service (collectively with Instapaper's
Privacy Policy
and
DMCA Copyright Policy
, the "Terms of Service) fully and carefully before using www.instapaper.com (the "Site") and the services, features, content or applications, including the Instapaper application (the "Application") offered by Instant Paper, Inc. ("Instapaper", "we", "us" or "our") (together with the Site, the "Services"). These Terms of Service set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site and the Services.
1. Acceptance of Terms of Service.
a. By registering for and/or using the Services in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing the Site, you agree to these Terms of Service and all other operating rules, policies and procedures that may be published from time to time on the Site by us, each of which is incorporated by reference and each of which may be updated from time to time without notice to you.
b. Certain of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions specified by us from time to time; your use of such Services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into these Terms of Service by this reference.
c. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Services, including, without limitation, users who are contributors of content, information, and other materials or services, registered or otherwise.
2. Eligibility
You represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age. If you are under age 16, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the Services. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time. You are solely responsible for ensuring that these Terms of Service are in compliance with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the Services is revoked where these Terms of Service or use of the Services is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation. Further, the Services are offered only for your personal use, and not for any commercial use or the use or benefit of any third party.
3. Registration
To sign up for the Services, you must register for an account on the Services (an "Account") using an email address.  You must provide accurate and complete information and keep your Account information updated. You shall not: (i) select or use as an email address a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use as an email address a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and for keeping your Account password, if any, secure. You may never use another person's user account or registration information for the Services without permission. You must notify us immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the Services (including any changes to or revocation of any licenses from state authorities), breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account. You should never publish, distribute or post login information for your Account. You shall have the ability to delete your Account at any time through your Account settings.
4. Content
a.
Definition.
For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term "Content" includes, without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. For the purposes of this Agreement, "Content" also includes all User Content (as defined below).
b.
User Content
All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Services by users (collectively "User Content") is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that (i) all User Content provided by you is in compliance with all applicable laws, including those related to the intellectual property rights of third parties, (ii) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of your User Content or you have all the rights necessary to grant us the rights to such User Content under these Terms of Service, and (iii) there are no payments due of any kind to a third party through the use of your User Content through the Services. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom.  We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
c.
Notices and Restrictions
The Services may contain Content specifically provided by us, our partners or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws. You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services.
d.
Use License
Subject to these Terms of Service, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use of the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for other than purposes of using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Content for commercial use or in any way that violates any third party right.
e.
License Grant
By submitting User Content through the Services, you hereby do and shall grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, edit, modify, truncate, aggregate, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, perform, and otherwise fully exploit the User Content in connection with the Site, the Services and our (and our successors' and assigns') businesses, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Site or the Services (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels (including, without limitation, third party websites and feeds), and including after your termination of your Account or the Services. If you choose to let other users find you via the connected services through the Services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Pinboard or Evernote and view your Liked items, you also hereby do and shall grant each such user of the Site and/or the Services who finds your Account a non-exclusive, perpetual license to access your User Content through the Site and/or the Services, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Content, including after your termination of your Account or the Services.  For clarity, the foregoing license grants to us and our users does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights. You are solely responsible for your interactions through the Services with other users. We are not liable for any uses of your User Content by any third party that had access to your User Content while such User Content was available on or through the Services.
f.
Availability of Content
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) remove or block any Content from the Services.
5. Instapaper Application License
a.
LicenseGrant
Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service, we grant to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without the right to sublicense, to download and install the Application on up to 10 devices that you own and control and run such cop(ies) of the Application solely for your internal personal use. You acknowledge that new versions of the Application may be provided at additional charge. Furthermore, with respect to any Application downloaded through the iTunes App Store, you will only use such application as permitted by the "Usage Rules" set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service. We reserve all rights in the Application not expressly granted to you in these Terms of Service.
b.
Restrictions
Except as expressly specified in these Terms of Service, you shall not (i) copy or modify the Application, including, but not limited to adding new features or otherwise making adaptations that alter the functioning of the Application; (ii) transfer, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense or otherwise assign any rights to, or any portion of, the Application to any third party; or (iii) make the functionality of the Application available to multiple users through any means, including, but not limited to distribution of the Application or by uploading the Application to a network or file-sharing service or through any hosting, application services provider or any other type of service. The Application contains trade secrets, and in order to protect those secrets you agree not to disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the Application, in whole or in part, or permit or authorize a third party to do so, except to the extent such restrictions are expressly prohibited by statutory law. You will comply with any technical restrictions in the Application that allow you to use the Application only in certain ways.
c.
Updates and Upgrades: No Obligation
We are not obligated to maintain or support the Application, or to provide you with updates, upgrades or services related thereto. You acknowledge that Instapaper may from time to time in its sole discretion issue updates or upgrades to the Application. You agree that the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service will apply to all such updates or upgrades.
d.
U.S. Government Users
The Application and related documentation are "commercial items" as that term is defined in FAR 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, as such terms are used in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. If the Application and related documentation are being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government, then, as provided in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the U.S. Government's rights in the Application and related documentation will be only those specified in these Terms of Service.
e.
Export Control
The Application and related documentation are "commercial items" as that term is defined in FAR 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," respectively, as such terms are used in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202. If the Application and related documentation are being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government, then, as provided in FAR 12.212 and DFARS 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the U.S. Government's rights in the Application and related documentation will be only those specified in these Terms of Service.
Export Control. You may not use, export, re-export, import, or transfer the Application except as authorized by United States law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Application, and any other applicable laws or regulations. In particular, but without limitation, the Application may not be exported or re-exported (i) into any United States embargoed countries or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Person's List or Entity List. By using the Aapplication, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also will not use the Application for any purpose prohibited by U.S. law, including the development, design, manufacture or production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons.
6. Rules of Conduct
a. As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms of Service. You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the Services.
b. You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) either (a) take any action or (b) upload, download, post, submit or otherwise distribute or facilitate distribution of any Content on or through the Service, including without limitation any User Content, that:
i. infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty (see our
DMCA Copyright Policy
);
ii. you know is false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate;
iii. is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion;
iv. constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk e-mail ("spamming");
v. contains software viruses or any other computer codes, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, limit or interfere with the proper function of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any system, data, password or other information of ours or of any third party;
vi. impersonates any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives; or
vii. includes anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information.
c. You shall not: (i) take any action that imposes or may impose (as determined by us in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our (or our third party providers') infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on the Services; (iii) bypass, circumvent or attempt to bypass or circumvent any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services (or other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Services); (iv) run any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services; (v) use manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to "crawl" or "spider" any page of the Site; (vi) harvest or scrape any Content from the Services; or (vii) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
d. You shall not (directly or indirectly): (i) decipher, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the Services (including without limitation any application), except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction, (ii) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the Services, or (iii) copy, rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder. You shall abide by all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations.
e. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce these Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users and the public.
7. Third Party Services
The Services may permit you to link to other websites, applications, services or resources on the Internet, and other websites, applications, services or resources may contain links to the Services. The Services may also permit you to link your account to other services for sharing what you find, or finding other Instapaper users among your friends. Such other services may include Facebook, Twitter, App.net, Tumblr, Pinboard, and Evernote. When you access third party resources on the Internet, you do so at your own risk. These other resources are not under our control, and you acknowledge that we are not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of such websites or resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply our endorsement or any association between us and their operators. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
8. Apple Devices and Application Terms
If you are accessing the Services via an Application on a device provided by Apple, Inc. ("Apple") or an Application obtained through the Apple App Store, the following shall apply:
a. Both you and Instapaper acknowledge that these Terms of Service are concluded between you and Instapaper only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
b. The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms of Service as they are applicable to the Services;
c. You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
d. You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
e. In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple's sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
f. You acknowledge and agree that Instapaper, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
g. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party's intellectual property rights, Instapaper, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
h. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
i. Both you and Instapaper acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
j. Both you and Instapaper acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms of Service, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Service against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.
9. In-App Purchases
If you are accessing the Services via an Application on a device provided by Apple, Inc. ("Apple") or an Application obtained through the Apple App Store, you may be able to purchase ("In App Purchase") certain goods or additional features or Applications designed to enhance the performance of the Services ("Goods").  When you purchase such Goods, you are doing so through Apple iTunes service and you are agreeing to Apple's iTunes' Terms and Conditions (
http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html
).
10. Payments and Billing
a. Paid Services. You may choose to pay for certain of our Services now or in the future ("Subscription Services").  Please see the Instapaper Premium page at http://www.instapaper.com/premium for a description of the current Subscription Services. Please note that any payment terms presented to you in the process of using or signing up for the Subscription Servicse are deemed part of this Agreement.
b. Billing. We use third-party payment processors (the "Payment Processors") to bill you through a payment account linked to your Account on the Services (your "Billing Account") for use of the Subscription Services. The processing of payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processors in addition to this Agreement. We are not responsible for error by the Payment Processors. By choosing to use Subscription Services, you agree to pay us, through the Payment Processors, all charges at the prices then in effect for any use of such Subscription Services in accordance with the applicable payment terms and you authorize us, through the Payment Processors, to charge your chosen payment provider (your "Payment Method"). You agree to make payment using that selected Payment Method. We reserve the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment.
c. Payment Method. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. If we, through the Payment Processors, do not receive payment from you, you agree to pay all amounts due on your Billing Account upon demand.
d. Recurring Billing. Some of the Subscription Services may consist of an initial period, for which there is a one-time charge, followed by recurring period charges as agreed to by you. By choosing a recurring payment plan, you acknowledge that such Services have an initial and recurring payment feature and you accept responsibility for all recurring charges prior to cancellation, provided that, at your request, you may receive a refund of any payment that was made within fourteen (14) days prior to cancellation. WE MAY SUBMIT PERIODIC CHARGES (E.G., MONTHLY) WITHOUT FURTHER AUTHORIZATION FROM YOU, UNTIL YOU PROVIDE PRIOR NOTICE (RECEIPT OF WHICH IS CONFIRMED BY US) THAT YOU HAVE TERMINATED THIS AUTHORIZATION OR WISH TO CHANGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD. SUCH NOTICE WILL NOT AFFECT CHARGES SUBMITTED BEFORE WE REASONABLY COULD ACT. TO TERMINATE YOUR AUTHORIZATION OR CHANGE YOUR PAYMENT METHOD, GO TO
http://instapaper.com/premium
.
e. Current Information Required. YOU MUST PROVIDE CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE INFORMATION FOR YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT. YOU MUST PROMPTLY UPDATE ALL INFORMATION TO KEEP YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE (SUCH AS A CHANGE IN BILLING ADDRESS, CREDIT CARD NUMBER, OR CREDIT CARD EXPIRATION DATE), AND YOU MUST PROMPTLY NOTIFY US OR OUR PAYMENT PROCESSOR IF YOUR PAYMENT METHOD IS CANCELED (E.G., FOR LOSS OR THEFT) OR IF YOU BECOME AWARE OF A POTENTIAL BREACH OF SECURITY, SUCH AS THE UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE OF YOUR USER NAME OR PASSWORD. CHANGES TO SUCH INFORMATION CAN BE MADE AT
http://instapaper.com/user
.  IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE ANY OF THE FOREGOING INFORMATION, YOU AGREE THAT WE MAY CONTINUE CHARGING YOU FOR ANY USE OF PAID SERVICES UNDER YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT UNLESS YOU HAVE TERMINATED YOUR PAID SERVICES AS SET FORTH ABOVE.
f. Change in Amount Authorized. If the amount to be charged to your Billing Account varies from the amount you preauthorized (other than due to the imposition or change in the amount of state sales taxes), you have the right to receive, and we shall provide, notice of the amount to be charged and the date of the charge before the scheduled date of the transaction. Any agreement you have with your payment provider will govern your use of your Payment Method. You agree that we may accumulate charges incurred and submit them as one or more aggregate charges during or at the end of each billing cycle.
g. Auto-Renewal for Subscription Services. Any Subscription Services you have signed up for will be automatically extended for successive renewal periods of the same duration as the subscription term originally selected, at the then-current non-promotional rate. To change or resign your Subscription Services at any time, go to
http://instapaper.com/premium
.  If you terminate a Subscription Service, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current term; your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires. However, you won't be eligible for a prorated refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current subscription period.
h. Reaffirmation of Authorization. Your non-termination or continued use of a Subscription Service reaffirms that we are authorized to charge your Payment Method for that Subscription Service. We may submit those charges for payment and you will be responsible for such charges. This does not waive our right to seek payment directly from you. Your charges may be payable in advance, in arrears, per usage, or as otherwise described when you initially selected to use the Subscription Service.
i. Free Trials and Other Promotions. Any free trial or other promotion that provides access to a Subscription Service must be used within the specified time of the trial. You must stop using a Subscription Service before the end of the trial period in order to avoid being charged for that Subscription Service. If you cancel prior to the end of the trial period and are inadvertently charged for a Subscription Service, please contact us at support@help.instapaper.com.
12. YouTube Integration
By saving videos from YouTube, you are bound to the
YouTube Terms of Service
.
13. Termination
We may terminate your access to all or any part of the Services at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. If you wish to terminate your Account, you may do so by following the instructions on the Site or through the Services. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. All provisions of these Terms of Service which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
14. Warranty Disclaimer.
a. We have no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that we have no duty to take any action regarding:
i. which users gain access to the Services;
ii. what Content you access via the Services; or
iii. how you may interpret or use the Content.
b. You release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We make no representations concerning any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, or legality of material or Content contained in or accessed through the Services.
c. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY ANY COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. WE, AND OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS AND CONTENT PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (I) THE SERVICES WILL BE SECURE OR AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION; (II) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED; (III) ANY CONTENT OR SOFTWARE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS; OR (IV) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
15. Indemnification
You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the Services, Content, or otherwise from your User Content, violation of these Terms of Service, or infringement by you, or any third party using your Account or identity in the Services, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
16. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF the greater of (A) fees paid to us for the particular Services or (B) $500.00.
17. ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER - IMPORTANT - PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
a. Arbitration. YOU AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US (WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DISPUTE INVOLVES A THIRD PARTY) WITH REGARD TO YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DISPUTES RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND/OR RIGHTS OF PRIVACY AND/OR PUBLICITY, WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION UNDER THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION'S RULES FOR ARBITRATION OF CONSUMER-RELATED DISPUTES AND YOU AND WE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY. DISCOVERY AND RIGHTS TO APPEAL IN ARBITRATION ARE GENERALLY MORE LIMITED THAN IN A LAWSUIT, AND OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU AND WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules and if within such court's jurisdiction, unless such action is transferred, removed or appealed to a different court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor we will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement to arbitrate. YOU ARE GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST US INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if we are a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and not by any state law concerning arbitration. In the event the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either we or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Use.
b. Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with us.
18. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.
These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, including its conflicts of law rules, and the United States of America. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms of Service shall be governed by the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts of New York County, New York.
19. Modification.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the Services (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time without notice or by posting a notice on the Site or by sending you notice through the Services, via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. While we may timely provide notice of modifications, it your responsibility to check these Terms of Service periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following notification of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
20. Miscellaneous.
a. Entire Agreement and Severability. These Terms of Service are the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services, including use of the Site, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals (whether oral, written or electronic) between you and us with respect to the Services. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Service will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder
b. Force Majeure. We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
c. Assignment. These Terms of Service are personal to you, and are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder without consent.
d. Agency. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms of Service and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect.
e. Notices. Unless otherwise specified in these Term of Service, all notices under these Terms of Service will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. Electronic notices should be sent to support@help.instapaper.com.
f. No Waiver. Our failure to enforce any part of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms of Service. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms of Service to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
g. Headings. The section and paragraph headings in these Terms of Service are for convenience only and shall not affect their interpretation.
Contact. You may contact us at the following address: 651 N. Broad Street, Suite 201, Middletown, DE 19709
Effective Date of Terms of Service: August 7th, 2018
↑   Click & drag up to your Bookmarks Bar.
Sub-policy 1-http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 2-https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3-https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield:
Skip to main content
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Print Page
Print Page
Download page as PDF
Download page as PDF
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
Next:
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution
The EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) were respectively developed in furtherance of transatlantic commerce by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, the UK Government, and the Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law.
The effective date of the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 10, 2023, which is the date of entry into force of the European Commission’s adequacy decision for the EU-U.S. DPF. The adequacy decision enables the transfer of EU personal data to participating organizations consistent with EU law.
Effective as of July 17, 2023, eligible organizations in the United States that wish to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF may do so; however, personal data cannot be received from the United Kingdom and Gibraltar in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF before the date that the adequacy regulations implementing the data bridge for the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF enter into force. The data bridge will enable the transfer of UK and Gibraltar personal data to participating organizations consistent with UK law.
The effective date of the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, including the Supplemental Principles and Annex I of the Principles is July 17, 2023; however, personal data cannot be received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF until the date of entry into force of Switzerland’s recognition of adequacy for the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The recognition of adequacy will enable the transfer of Swiss personal data to participating organizations consistent with Swiss law.
The Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, which is administered by the International Trade Administration (ITA) within the U.S. Department of Commerce, enables eligible U.S.-based organizations to self-certify their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF. To participate in the DPF Program, a U.S.-based organization is required to self-certify to the ITA via the Department's DPF Program website (www.dataprivacyframework.gov) and publicly commit to comply with the DPF Principles. While the decision by an eligible U.S.-based organization to self-certify its compliance pursuant to and participate in the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program is voluntary, effective compliance upon self-certification is compulsory. Once such an organization self-certifies to the ITA and publicly declares its commitment to adhere to the DPF Principles that commitment is enforceable under U.S. law. All organizations interested in self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should review the requirements in their entirety. The Department’s DPF Program website provides useful information regarding the benefits and requirements of participation in the relevant parts of that program.
U.S.-based organizations that self-certify their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program must, amongst other things, provide readily available recourse mechanisms available to investigate unresolved complaints, including a system of alternative dispute resolution (ADR) by an independent third party. The independent recourse mechanisms must be in place prior to self-certification, and must be available at no cost to the individual. Although organizations self-certifying their compliance pursuant to the relevant part(s) of the DPF Program may utilize private sector developed dispute resolution programs for most categories of personal data covered under their self-certifications, those organizations covering human resources data (i.e., personal information about employees, past or present, collected in the context of the employment relationship) transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland must agree to cooperate and comply with the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) respectively with regard to such data.
JAMS is available to serve as your organization’s designated ADR provider and to assist in resolving disputes brought under the DPF Principles, up to the point of any final arbitration invoked in accordance with the procedures and conditions set forth in the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. With a panel of over 400 neutrals around the world, JAMS specializes in resolving disputes of all sizes and levels of complexity and our neutrals have significant experience resolving issues involving privacy.
Mediation Rules
Mediations will be conducted pursuant to JAMS International Mediation Rules unless the parties have specified a different set of Rules or Procedures.
Download the JAMS International Mediation Rules
Fees
JAMS DOES NOT charge any fees for an organization to name it as an ADR provider. If an organization names JAMS as its ADR provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we request that you notify JAMS
by registering here
.
When a consumer initiates a mediation or an arbitration against an organization (whether under JAMS Rules or another set of rules) all fees for the mediation, including the JAMS Case Management Fee, must be borne by the Organization. The fee arrangement is common to all DPF Dispute Resolution cases for the European Union / European Economic Area, the United Kingdom (and Gibralter), and Switzerland. For any other matters, standard JAMS policies apply.
Name JAMS as Your Dispute Resolution Provider
If you wish to name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please register using the link below:
JAMS Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Registration
Customer URL
If you do name JAMS as your Dispute Resolution provider under the EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF, the URL that you will need to provide in your customer-facing privacy policy/ies through which your customers could find information on how to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case is:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
File a DPF Dispute Resolution Claim
If you are a consumer and wish to open an EU-U.S. DPF and, as applicable, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and/or a Swiss-U.S. DPF Dispute Resolution case, please file a claim using the link below:
File a Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Claim
Additional Resources
Questions/Contact
If you have any additional questions you may contact our DPF coordinator via email
.
Mara Satterthwaite,
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
JAMS DPF Dispute Resolution Fee Schedule
PROFESSIONAL FEES
There is no fee associated with listing JAMS as the ADR provider in a self-certification submission under the DPF Program. Fees apply only if a DPF matter is brought to JAMS.
Hourly and daily rates vary depending on neutral. Neutrals are independent contractors and set their own Professional Fees.
In compliance with the EU, UK, and Swiss data protection initiatives, 100% of ADR fees associated with a DPF matter brought by a consumer will be the responsibility of the respondent company; consumers will not be responsible for any portion of these fees.
For non-consumer matters, hearing fees are divided equally among all parties.
Professional Fees include time spent for hearings, pre- and post-hearing reading and research, and award preparation.
MEDIATION FEES
Initial non-refundable fee of $300 per party, applies to first 10 hours of professional time
Time in excess of initial 10 hours is billed at 13% of Professional Fees
The Case Management Fee includes access to an exclusive nationwide panel of judges, attorneys, and other ADR experts, dedicated services including all administration through the duration of the case, document handling, and use of JAMS conference facilities including after hours and on-site business support. Weekends and holidays are subject to additional charges.
Click here for a PDF of this fee schedule
JAMS agreement to render services is with the attorney, the party, and/or other representatives of the party.
www.jamsadr.com • Updated 08/30/2023
Contact Information
msatterthwaite@jamsadr.com
Mara E. Satterthwaite, Esq.
7160 Rafael Rivera Way Suite #400 Las Vegas, NV 89113
Scroll to top
Scroll to top
JAMS uses cookies to give users like yourself the best possible content and experience while visiting our website.  By choosing "Accept and close", you agree to the use of all cookies on our website.  To learn more about how JAMS protects your personal information, please visit our
Privacy Policy
.  Please note, by blocking certain types of cookies, you may impact your experience of the site.
You are able to manage your personal cookie preferences at any time by visiting our
Cookie Consent Tool
.
Decline
Accept and Close
Options
Sub-policy 4-https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 5-https://github.com/Instapaper/privacy:
Instapaper
/
privacy
Public
Notifications
You must be signed in to change notification settings
Fork
0
Star
18
Instapaper privacy policy
18
stars
0
forks
Branches
Tags
Activity
Star
Notifications
You must be signed in to change notification settings
Code
Issues
0
Pull requests
0
Actions
Projects
0
Security
Insights
Additional navigation options
Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Security
Insights
Instapaper/privacy
master
Branches
Tags
Go to file
Code
Folders and files
Name
Name
Last commit message
Last commit date
Latest commit
History
12 Commits
README.md
README.md
View all files
Repository files navigation
README
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Instapaper website and the Instapaper applications and services for iPhone, iPad, Android, Kindle, and other devices and platforms, hereafter referred to as simply Instapaper.
Instapaper occasionally needs to collect information for convenience, practicality, or technical requirements. This information includes:
Your chosen username, which may be your email address or name. A username is technically required so you can log in from multiple computers and devices. We encourage you to use your email address to make "forgot password" functionality possible.
Your chosen password, which is empty by default. A hash of your password is stored in the Instapaper database, and the plain-text password is only used for hash comparison to the stored value.
The titles, URLs (addresses), and selected text of the pages you save to Instapaper, folder-specific bookmarklets, Instapaper applications, third-party applications using the Instapaper API, and any other means with which to add pages to Instapaper.
The HTML contents of the pages you save to Instapaper when recognized as a known login-requiring site. This is technically required to generate the Text view and other indexing features for sites that require logins or accounts, such as some major newspaper publishers. When HTML is saved for a page, it is only used within your account and is not revealed via social or sharing features.
Your Amazon Kindle email address, if you have enabled automatic delivery to your Kindle. This is technically required to send your content to your Kindle.
Like most Web sites, Instapaper also collects and stores information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, and information provided by and about your Internet browser. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather similar information through other means.
We may also use "cookie" technology. Among other things, we may use cookies or other tracking technology for the purposes of storing your username and password hash to spare you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide to operate Instapaper's features. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish Instapaper's functionality.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design Instapaper, to suggest popular content to users, and to share with advertisers and publishers. For example:
We may use aggregate information from Instapaper usage to help design new features or services for the product.
We may tell an advertiser or publisher that
X
number of people visited a certain area on our website
We may tell an advertiser or publisher that
X
number of people bookmarked
Z
stories from a particular site or topic.
We may aggregate the most popular stories during limited time periods or from certain websites in order to suggest stories for Instapaper's Editor's Picks or for users who have also saved pages from those websites.
When information is used in this or a similar manner, we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify the individuals on whom the information is based.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims.
We may disclose your information when we believe it necessary or desirable in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our policies, and/or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell, buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Publicly Accessible Information
Some information you share on Instapaper is considered public when you use our social and sharing functionality, including:
Others can view your most recent Starred articles if they know your username.
Others can view your Unread, Archive, Starred, or folder contents if you reveal or share their associated RSS-feed URLs.
External Services
External services beyond Instapaper's control are integrated with Instapaper where necessary, such as Mailgun for email sending, Crashlytics for crash reporting, ZenDesk for customer support, and Google Analytics for traffic measurement and tracking. Integrations with Google services like Analytics, YouTube, and YouTube API Services are bound to the
Google Privacy Policy
.
Instapaper makes reasonable efforts to ensure that all integrated external services are trustworthy and reputable, but Instapaper cannot be held responsible for data collection and usage by such services.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Please note:
To ensure easy account creation, minimal customer errors, and reduced support inquiries, Instapaper accounts initially do not have passwords.
If left without a password, anyone can access your account if they know or guess your username.
To set or change your password, go to
http://www.instapaper.com/user/password
.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your Instapaper account on the Instapaper website at
http://www.instapaper.com/
.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by changing or deleting the erroneous information, by deleting your entire Instapaper account at
http://www.instapaper.com/user/delete
, or by emailing
support@instapaper.com
.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Deleting Information
You can delete your entire Instapaper account at any time at
http://www.instapaper.com/user/delete
. If you delete your account, all account information and saved page data is deleted from the Instapaper service immediately.
Due to the nature of backups and logs, deleted data may persist in backups and logs until they are deleted.
Privacy Shield
Instapaper complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States pursuant to the Privacy Shield. Instapaper has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Instapaper commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Instapaper at
support@instapaper.com
.
Within the scope of this privacy notice, if a privacy complaint or dispute cannot be resolved through Instapaper's internal processes, the Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Instapaper's compliance with the Privacy Shield.
The Privacy Shield Principles describe Instapaper's accountability for personal data that it subsequently transfers to a third-party agent. Under the Privacy Shield Principles, Instapaper shall remain liable if third party agents process the personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless Instapaper proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If we cannot, we have selected JAMS, an independent dispute resolution provider, to handle unresolved Privacy Shield complaints. If we are unable to resolve your concerns after a good faith effort to address them, you may contact JAMS and submit a Privacy Shield claim. JAMS is a US-based private alternate dispute resolution provider, and we have contracted with JAMS to provide an independent recourse mechanism for any of our users for privacy concerns at no cost to you. You may learn more about the JAMS service or file a claim with JAMS by visiting
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
. You do not need to appear in court; you may conduct this dispute resolution process via telephone or video conference.
Note that Instapaper may be required to release the personal data of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is pursuant to the Privacy Shield in response to legal requests from public authorities, including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
In certain circumstances, the Privacy Shield Framework provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles.
In certain circumstances, the Privacy Shield Framework provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles
.
GDPR: Information for EEA Users
What Rights Do I Have?
Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in respect of your personal information and Instapaper will provide these capabilities to all our worldwide users, including:
The right of access to your personal data;
The right to correct or rectify any inaccurate personal data;
The right to restrict or oppose processing of personal data;
The right to erase your personal data; and
The right to personal data portability.
Instapaper uses, processes, and stores personal data, including those listed in the "Information We Collect" section, as necessary to perform our contract with you, and based on our legitimate interests in order to provide the Services. We rely on your consent to process personal data to place cookies on your devices. In some cases, Instapaper may process personal data pursuant to legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
How Can I Exercise my Rights?
If you're a user based in the EEA, you can:
Request a personal data report by submitting a request to
support@instapaper.com
. This report will include the personal data we have about you, provided to you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format. Please note that Instapaper may request additional information from you to verify your identity before we disclose any information.
Have your personal data corrected or deleted. Some personal data can be updated by you through your Instapaper account settings, or by contacting us at
support@instapaper.com
. You can also remove your personal data from Instapaper by deleting your account at
http://www.instapaper.com/user/delete
.
Complain to a regulator. If you're based in the EEA and think that we haven't complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
If you have other questions or do not have a Instapaper account, please contact us at
support@instapaper.com
.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email
support@instapaper.com
. At this time, we only have the ability to receive and send English-language communications.
Changes To This Policy
Instapaper reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of Instapaper following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes. We will notify you before we make material changes to this policy and give you an opportunity to review the revised policy before deciding if you would like to continue to use the Services. You can review previous versions of the policy at
https://github.com/Instapaper/privacy
.
Effective Date: January 26th, 2019
About
Instapaper privacy policy
Resources
Readme
Activity
Custom properties
Stars
18
stars
Watchers
9
watching
Forks
0
forks
Report repository
Releases
No releases published
Packages
0
No packages published
You can’t perform that action at this time.