Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator.php:
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with CCPA, CPRA, GDPR plus with the requirements of Google Analytics & AdSense and many others.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy for your site and for your app.
Generate a Free Privacy Policy.
100% Free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Continue to Step 2 to Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy for your site & app
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator includes several provisions and sections to help you effectively protect your customers privacy while limiting your liability, all while adhering to the guidelines of the most notable privacy laws around the world and 3rd party requirements, including:
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA + CPRA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act
(CalOPPA)
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR)
Google Play
Apple Store
Google AdSense
Google AdWords (Ads)
Google Analytics
+ Many More
Features of the Free Privacy Policy Generator
1-minute questionnaire, free downloads to your PC, and more.
1-minute questionnaire
Our questionnaire takes only minutes. Start, answer our questions and your Privacy Policy is ready.
Compliance
Our Free Privacy Policy Generator can help you comply with the requirements of CCPA, CPRA, GDPR and others.
Guidance all the way
Our questionnaire is very easy to use and we're always here to help you if you have any questions. Just email us.
Download to your PC
Once you completed the questionnaire, you're free to download the Privacy Policy to your PC.
Free Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Answers to the most popular questions about our Free Privacy Policy Generator.
Yes, the Free Privacy Policy Generator is free to use. We provide free policies for websites and apps. You can choose to get our premium & professional Privacy Policy that includes more provisions & clauses to better protect your business, website or app.
Yes, we provide the HTML code of the Privacy Policy that you can simply copy-paste anywhere you'd like.
Yes, we provide free hosting for the Privacy Policy we help you create. You can link to your Privacy Policy from any website, regardless of the content management system or websit builder you use.
Yes, you can choose to include GDPR, CCPA + CPRA text to be added to your Privacy Policy.
How the Free Privacy Policy Generator works
Here's how easy it is to create a Privacy Policy.
01
Start the Free Privacy Policy Generator
02
Download the Free Privacy Policy
03
Add the Free Privacy Policy to your website