Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html:
Accessibility
Home
Support
Documentation
Flash Player Documentation
Flash Player Help
Settings Manager
Global Privacy Settings panel
Global Storage Settings panel
Global Security Settings panel
Website Privacy Settings panel
Website Storage Settings panel
Protected Content Playback Settings panel
Peer-Assisted Networking Panel
Table of Contents
Flash Player Help
Display settings
Privacy settings
Local storage settings
Microphone settings
Camera settings
Local storage pop-up question
Privacy pop-up question
Security pop-up question
Peer-assisted networking pop-up question
Global Privacy Settings panel
This content requires Flash
Download the free Flash Player now!
Note:
The Settings Manager that you see above is not an image; it is the actual Settings Manager. Click the tabs to see different panels, and click the options in the panels to change your Adobe Flash Player settings.
Use this panel to reset the privacy settings in  Flash Player:
If you select Always Deny and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone will be denied access. You will not be asked again if a website can use your camera or microphone. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you select Always Ask and then confirm your selection, any website that tries to use your camera or microphone must ask your permission. This action applies both to websites you have already visited and to those you haven't yet visited.
If you previously selected Remember in the
Privacy Settings
panel to permanently allow or deny access for one or more websites, selecting Always Ask or Always Deny has the effect of deselecting Remember for all those websites. In other words, the selection you make here overrides any previous selections you may have made in the
Privacy Settings
panel.
After you select either Always Ask or Always Deny (or instead of doing so), you can specify privacy settings for individual websites that you have already visited. For example, you might select Always Deny here and then use the
Website Privacy Settings Panel
and select Always Allow for individual websites that you know and trust.
For an overview of issues relating to privacy, see
What are privacy settings?
in the discussion of the Settings Manager.