Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010&ref_=footer_privacy:
Main content
Search
ALT
+
/
Basket
shift
+
ALT
+
C
Home
shift
+
ALT
+
H
Orders
shift
+
ALT
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
ALT
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 1 August, 2024
To see prior version, click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate
            your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices,
            products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this
            Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services").
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
Contacts, Notices and Revisions
Related Practices & Information
Examples of Information Collected
1. Controllers of Personal Information
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, and Amazon Media EU SARL, all three at 38
            avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal
            Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers
            of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services. Details can
            be found
here
.
2. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
                  products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information you give us:
we receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information
                        but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic information:
we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                        Amazon Services including your interaction with content and services available through
                        Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers and
                        we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon
                        Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from other sources:
we might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery
                        and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                        deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive.
3. For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Amazon Services
                  that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix
                  errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalisation.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services
. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input,
                  images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide
                  the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services. For more information
                  about Alexa voice services click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads notice
.
Fraud prevention and credit risks.
We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to
                  protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others. We may also use
                  scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for which we seek your consent.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                  purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                  information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                  we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
4. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your shopping experience, provide our
            services, understand how customers use our services so we can make improvements, and
            display ads. Approved third parties also use these tools in connection with our display
            of ads. To enable our systems to recognise your browser or device and to provide Amazon
            Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies and how we use
            them, please read our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage your cookie preferences
here
.
5. Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not
               in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. Amazon Europe
               shares customers' personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com,
               Inc. and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
               this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
               in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving third parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                        third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                        from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                        providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                        We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                        such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                        transactions and we share customer personal information related to those transactions
                        with that third party.
Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                        include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                        mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data,
                        providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                        listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing
                        credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have
                        access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use
                        it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance
                        with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or
                        services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
                        business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
                        Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely
                        event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer
                        information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon Europe and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                        to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements;
                        or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This
                        includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
                        and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
                        you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose
                        not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area and the UK.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic
            Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
            Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely
            on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards
            published by the European Commission (you can ask
Customer Service
for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
6. How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                        using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                        credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                        collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security
                        procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                        information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and
                        loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                        Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and
                        to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                        for your Amazon account that is not utilized for other online accounts. Be sure to
                        sign off when you finish using a shared computer. For more information on how to sign
                        off click
here
.
7. What About Advertising?
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                        apps. Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                        interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                        third-party advertising at Amazon Europe, including interest-based ads, please read
                        our
Interest-Based Ads notice
. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
Use of third-party advertising services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                        useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                        your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                        we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                        from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                        For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                        identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                        the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                        product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                        and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                        you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                        serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                        of interest-based advertising by going to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
8. What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
9. What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal
            information, please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you
                        might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the
Information You Can Access?
section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version
                        for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust
                        your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                        settings in the app or your device.
If you don't want to see interest based-ads, please adjust your
Advertising Preferences page
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                        or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
                        receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you
                        to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that
                        you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies,
                        you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or
                        use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies,
                        see our
Cookies Notice
.
You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies
here
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account,
                        you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and disabling cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don't want to see
here
(select a recommendations tile for products you have not previously purchased, select
                        View All and Manage, then select the Remove Items toggle), and edit your browsing
                        history
here
.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose,
                        you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing
                        of your data for that purpose.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating
                        your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                        Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                        (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                        are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                        your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                        contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices
                        may have different permission settings.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust the email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
                        Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
, respectively.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct,
            and delete your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object
            to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of
            your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please
            contact
Customer Service
or, to submit a data subject access request, go to
Request My Data
.
10. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon Europe doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more information on how we handle personal
            information for Amazon Services intended for children under the age of 13, please
            read our
Children Privacy Notice
.
11. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services,
            for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in
            this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes,
            or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history
            so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses
            you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we
            recommend.
12. EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its controlled US
affiliates
(together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US Data Privacy
            Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data
            Privacy Frameworks* regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
            from European Union and European Economic Area member countries, the United Kingdom,
            and Switzerland. We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere
            to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
            Principles, see
here
.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information
            under the Data Privacy Framework, or about our privacy practices generally, please
            contact us at: eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
            If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
            at
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
. If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding
            arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. To learn more about the Data
            Privacy Framework Panel, see
here
.
As explained
here
we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on
            our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Data Privacy Framework
            to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal information
            must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will
            remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third
            party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration
here
. The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
            of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information
            that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
*
We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the
               EU-US Data Privacy Framework until each enters into force, but we adhere to their
               required commitments in anticipation of their doing so.
13. EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal
               information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal
               information. We use:
Performance of a contract
when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them.
                        This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver
                        products and services, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
when we improve Amazon services (including when we use your voice, video, or camera
                        input to improve services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to
                        protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we provide you
                        with interest-based advertising.
Your consent
when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                        purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                        information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                        we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect
                        seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
                        purposes.
These and other legal bases
depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
14. Contacts, Notices & Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our
            data controllers, please
Customer Service
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further,
            the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted
            at eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory
            authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, the
Information Commissioner's Office
, or with another local authority.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should
            check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current
            Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
            We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
            policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected
            in the past without the consent of affected customers.
15. Related Practices & Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
16. Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search for products or services in our stores;
place an order through Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application
                        on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or
                        mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                        an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you
                        to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                        Amazon Services;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or gift registries;
Participate in community features, provide and rate
Customer Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name;
                  address and phone number; payment information; your age; your location information;
                  your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses ; e-mail
                  addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us;
                  personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and video collected or stored in
                  connection with Amazon Services, information and documents regarding identity and
                  standing; corporate and financial information; credit history information; VAT numbers;
                  and device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose
                  to automatically synchronise them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                        details including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network
                        details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet
                        service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                        and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                        with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                        location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                        and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                        from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website
                        (including date and time); cookie number; products and/ or content you viewed or searched
                        for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
                        interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications
                  and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or other technical information for fraud
                  prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                        which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                        more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information
                        from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                        technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services that you've linked with
                        Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                        fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications
                        and personalised advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings);
payment settings (including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and
                        cheque balances);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special
                        Occasion Reminders, and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                        (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and interest-based
                        advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                        profile).
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                        your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                        your account, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                        your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                        updating your account in the Developer Services Portal, developers.amazon.com.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Previous versions of Legal policies
Miscellaneous Reporting
Children's Privacy Notice
Fair Use Policy
Human Rights and Environmental Grievances
Communications with Amazon Employees
3rd Party Licensing Notice
Quick solutions
Your orders
                                            Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
                                            Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
                                            Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
                                            Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password