Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0-https://automattic.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles:
We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.
We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.
We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information.
We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information.
Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles.
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works.
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use:
Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);
Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);
Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and
Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us.
This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries.
Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on
Controllers and Responsible Companies
.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy.
Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
Creative Commons Sharealike License
We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on
GitHub
. You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site.
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect.
Information You Provide to Us
It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples:
Basic account information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account.
Public profile information:
If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile. For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include.
Payment and contact information:
There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a
custom domain
, some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, and WooPayments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use
WooPay
to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like
WordAds
, you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you.
Business Profile:
Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features.
Content information:
You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload).
Credentials:
Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly.
Communications with us (hi there!):
You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law).
Job applicant information:
If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles).  You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com.
Transactional information:
When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like
WooPay
) to buy something from a third party.
Usage information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our
WooCommerce Usage Tracker
also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our
Admin Bar
and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention.
Location information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions.
Stored information:
We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website.
Interactions with other users’ sites:
We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example,
recommend posts
we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile.
Information from cookies & other technologies:
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also get information about you from other sources. For example:
Third Party Login:
If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address)
Social Sharing Services:
If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our
Publicize feature
, we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.
Financial Account Info
:
If you use WooPayments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe.
Google Account Information:
When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site.
The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available.
Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services.
For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information.
To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services.
For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use.
To place and manage ads in our advertising program.
For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance.
To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing.
For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public.
For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To fix problems with our Services.
For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To customize the user experience.
For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure.
To communicate with you.
For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.)
To recruit and hire new Automatticians.
For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms.  If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information.  This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
:
Subsidiaries and independent contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them.
Third-party vendors:
We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooPayments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on woocommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our
Cookie Policy
).
Legal and regulatory requirements:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our
Legal Guidelines
. Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our
Domain Registrations and Privacy support document
for more details.
To protect rights, property, and others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we
may disclose information related to the emergency without delay
.
Business transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy.
With your consent:
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature.
Aggregated or de-identified information:
We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms.
Site owners:
If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the
Payments feature
) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner.
Published support requests:
If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users.
Information Shared Publicly
Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly.
That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views!
For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your
G
lobally
R
ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website.
We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for
WordPress.com
and
Jetpack
sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties.
Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites.
As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged.
If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter. To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool.
Security
While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks.
To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like
Two Step Authentication
.
Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the information that you provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process.
Limit access to information on your mobile device:
Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs.
Opt out of marketing communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set your browser to reject cookies:
At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can
usually choose
to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Opt out of our internal analytics program:
You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Close your account:
While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. (
Here
are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data.
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
US Privacy Laws
Laws in some US states require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used:
Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);
Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);
Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site);
Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);
Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); and
Inferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition).
If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected:
Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application.
You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the
Information We Collect section
above.
We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How and Why We Use Information section
. And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the
Sharing Information section
. We retain this information for the length of time described in our
How Long We Keep Information section
.
In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to:
Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;
Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;
Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain;
Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;
Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; and
Not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights.
You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in
our Privacy Report
.
Right to Opt Out
We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).
We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of.
You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states.
Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again.
We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out.
We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16.
Your Information & Personalized Advertising
Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.
The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to
Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program
.
Contacting Us About These Rights
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “
How to Reach Us
” to, well, find out how to reach us.
When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us.
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information.
In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing.  Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants.
If your appeal is denied, in some US states you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.
Controllers and Responsible Companies
Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services.
Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide.
The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI).
Automattic Services (except Woo)
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
Automattic Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd.
Woo Services
Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products and services available at woocommerce.com.
If you reside outside of the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce, Inc.
60 29th Street #343
San Francisco, CA 94110Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc.
If you reside in the Designated Countries:
WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl
Dublin, D02 AY86
IrelandAutomattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the
Your Rights section
above, please contact us through our
web form
or via
email
. These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049.
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the
How and Why We Use Information section
above.
When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA.
You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Third-Party Software and Services
If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooPayments (powered by Stripe), Woo extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services.
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our
Privacy Notice
.
Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the
WordPress.com Blog,
or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Other Information and Resources
Jetpack Privacy Center
Woo and the GDPR
Translation
Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example:
French:
https://automattic.com/fr/privacy
Spanish:
https://automattic.com/es/privacy
German:
https://automattic.com/de/privacy
In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control.
That’s it! Thanks for reading.
Change log
April 22, 2024:
Removed the outdated list of specific US states covered by the US Privacy Laws section
October 31, 2023:
Changed instances of “WooCommerce” to “Woo.”
July 12, 2023:
Added new example of information shared with site owners.
March 17, 2023:
Removed references to WPVIP.
December 30, 2022:
Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states.
October 18, 2022
: Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.
April 26, 2022:
Included information regarding WooPay.
November 22, 2021:
Included information for WPScan.
October 8, 2021:
Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples.
January 1, 2021
: Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
December 7, 2020:
Included information for MailPoet.
October 12, 2020
: Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax.
August 1, 2020
: Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users.
February 21, 2020:
Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.”
December 31, 2019
: Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout.
October 2, 2019:
A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program.
May 31, 2019:
Included information for the Recurring Payments feature.
April 1, 2019:
Included information for Happy Tools.
March 13, 2019:
Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us.
February 1, 2019:
Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts.
November 6, 2018:
Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal.
September 24, 2018:
Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search.
May 25, 2018:
Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation.
January 3, 2018:
Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices.
August 22, 2017:
Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section.
November 2, 2016
: Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance.
February 18, 2015:
Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
September 18, 2013:
Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
February 1, 2011:
Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph.
January 3, 2011:
Added court order and subpoena clarification.
July 1, 2010:
Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators.
October 29, 2009:
Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy.
March 10, 2009:
Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies.
Sections
▼
Who We Are and What This Policy Covers
Creative Commons Sharealike License
Information We Collect
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect Automatically
Information We Collect from Other Sources
How and Why We Use Information
Purposes for Using Information
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
Sharing Information
How We Share Information
Information Shared Publicly
How Long We Keep Information
Security
Choices
Your Rights
European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
US Privacy Laws
Contacting Us About These Rights
Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials
Controllers and Responsible Companies
How to Reach Us
Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!)
Transferring Information
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Third-Party Software and Services
Visitors to Our Users’ Websites
Privacy Policy Changes
Other Information and Resources
Translation
Change log
Subscribe
Subscribed
Automattic
Join 10,708 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Automattic
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Sub-policy 1-https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Sub-policy 2-https://www.gaycities.com/about/privacy-notice-for-california-residents:
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This
Privacy Policy for California Residents
supplements the information contained in GayCities’
Privacy Policy
and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Policy.
Where noted in this Policy, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“
B2B personal information
“) from some its requirements.
Information We Collect
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“
personal information
“). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
In particular, our Website has collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, employment, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements (via IP address only).
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current job.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes.
YES
Our Website obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete, products and services you purchase, or from information provided to us by third party social media platforms when you login to your social media account using a connection portal on our Website.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
From our parent company, affiliates, and subsidiaries.
Use of Personal Information
We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns;
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services;
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business;
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the
Privacy Policy
;
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may share your personal information by disclosing it to a third party for a business purpose. We only make these business purpose disclosures under written contracts that describe the purposes, require the recipient to keep the personal information confidential, and prohibit using the disclosed information for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed personal information for a business purpose to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below.
We may also share your IP address by disclosing your IP address to third parties for showing advertisements, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales. Our personal information sales do not include information about individuals we know are under age 16. In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has sold the following categories of personal information to the categories of third parties indicated in the chart below. For more on your personal information sale rights, see
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
.
Personal Information Category
Category of Third-Party Recipients
Business Purpose Disclosures
Sales
A: Identifiers.
Advertising
Yes – IP addresses only.
B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Sweepstakes
Yes – We will only disclose information you provide when you sign up to enter the Sweepstakes to third parties who need to access the information to provide the Sweepstakes services.
C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
No
No
D: Commercial information.
No
No
E: Biometric information.
No
No
F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Advertising
Yes – Third party advertisers may receive your IP address, which by itself, cannot be used to personally identify you.
G: Geolocation data.
Advertising
Yes – Third party advertisers may receive your IP address, which by itself, cannot be used to personally identify you. IP addresses may be used to locate what city you are located in.
H: Sensory data.
No
No
I: Professional or employment-related information.
No
No
J: Non-public education information.
No
No
K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Yes
Yes – We do not share any inferences about you with third parties, however, third parties may draw inferences about your IP address, which by itself, cannot be used to personally identify you.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Right to Know and Data Portability
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months (the “right to know”). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see
Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete
), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
We do not provide a right to know or data portability disclosure for B2B personal information
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the “right to delete”). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see
Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete
), we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
seq.
).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We will delete or deidentify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete
To exercise your rights to know or delete described above, please submit a request by either:
Emailing us at
privacy@gaycities.com
Visiting
https://www.gaycities.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us at
privacy@gaycities.com
.
You may also make a request to know or delete on behalf of your child by emailing us at
privacy@gaycities.com
You may only submit a request to know twice within a 12-month period. Your request to know or delete must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it.
For instructions on exercising your sale opt-out or opt-in rights, see
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm receipt of your request within ten (10) business days.
We endeavor to substantively respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to another 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out
If you are age 16 or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years old. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following link below:
Manage Consent
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that
can result
in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@gaycities.com
or write us at:
GayCities
Attn: Data Privacy Officer
584 Castro St. #623
San Francisco, CA 94114
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which GayCities collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Website
:
https://www.gaycities.com
Email
:
privacy@gaycities.com
Postal Address
:
GayCities
Attn: Data Privacy Officer
584 Castro St. #623
San Francisco, CA 94114
If you need to access this Policy in an alternate format due to having a disability, please contact
privacy@gaycities.com
.
You need to be logged in to go any further.
Username or Email
Password
Forgot password?
Sign in
Don't have an account?
Register now
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
How can I change my choice?
What if I don't consent?
How does legitimate interest work?
Do I have to consent to everything?
You can choose how your personal data is used. Vendors want your permission to do the following:
TCF vendors
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
View details
Consent (119 vendors)
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View details
Consent (71 vendors)
Legitimate interest (31 vendors)
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View details
Consent (97 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View details
Consent (92 vendors)
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (28 vendors)
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View details
Consent (24 vendors)
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View details
Consent (77 vendors)
Legitimate interest (45 vendors)
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View details
Consent (33 vendors)
Legitimate interest (12 vendors)
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View details
Consent (59 vendors)
Legitimate interest (23 vendors)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View details
Consent (68 vendors)
Legitimate interest (35 vendors)
Use limited data to select content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View details
Consent (13 vendors)
Legitimate interest (3 vendors)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
View details
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
View details
Save and communicate privacy choices
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
View details
Match and combine data from other data sources
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Link different devices
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
View details
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
View details
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
View details
Consent
You can choose your data preferences. This site or app wants your permission to do the following:
Site or app
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
View details
Consent
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View details
Consent
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View details
Consent
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View details
Consent
Create profiles to personalise content
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View details
Legitimate interest
Use profiles to select personalised content
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View details
Legitimate interest
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View details
Legitimate interest
Measure content performance
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View details
Legitimate interest
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View details
Consent
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View details
Legitimate interest
How this consent management platform (CMP) works:
CMP privacy choices
Storage, duration, and usage details
The choices you make with this CMP regarding the purposes and entities will affect how personalized advertising is presented to you. We need to store these choices to respect them on future visits, and they are stored differently based on the type of site or app you're using:
For
sites
, your choices are saved in a cookie named “FCCDCF” for a maximum duration of 390 days.
For
apps
, your choices are saved in device storage prefixed by “IABTCF_”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this app.
For
accelerated mobile page (AMP) sites
, your choices are saved in local storage prefixed by “amp-store”. Your choices will be invalidated after 390 days and overwritten once you make new privacy choices on this site.
Vendor preferences
Vendors can use your data to provide services. Declining a vendor can stop them from using the data you shared.
TCF vendors
Exponential Interactive, Inc d/b/a VDX.tv
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roq.ad GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AdMaxim Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Index Exchange Inc.
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Quantcast
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
BeeswaxIO Corporation
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sovrn, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adikteev
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RTB House S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The UK Trade Desk Ltd
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nexxen Inc.
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Epsilon
Cookie duration: 1832 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yahoo EMEA Limited
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADventori SAS
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Triple Lift, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Xandr, Inc.
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEORY GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nexxen Group LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
NEURAL.ONE
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
ADITION (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Active Agent (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Taboola Europe Limited
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Equativ
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adform A/S
Cookie duration: 3650 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
RATEGAIN ADARA INC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sift Media, Inc
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rakuten Marketing LLC
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Lumen Research Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Amazon Ad Server
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OpenX
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Yieldlab (Virtual Minds GmbH)
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Roku Advertising Services
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Nano Interactive Group Ltd.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Simplifi Holdings LLC
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PubMatic, Inc
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Comscore B.V.
Cookie duration: 720 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Flashtalking
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
PulsePoint, Inc.
Cookie duration: 1830 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smaato, Inc.
Cookie duration: 21 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Semasio GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Crimtan Holdings Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Genius Sports UK Limited
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Criteo SA
Cookie duration: 390 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Adloox SA
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Blis Global Limited
Cookie duration: 400 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Lotame Solutions, Inc
Cookie duration: 274 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
LiveRamp
Cookie duration: 3653 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GroupM UK Limited
Cookie duration: 395 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
LoopMe Limited
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Dynata LLC
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ask Locala
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Azira
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
DoubleVerify Inc.​
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
BIDSWITCH GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
IPONWEB GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
NextRoll, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Teads France SAS
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Ströer SSP GmbH (SSP)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OS Data Solutions GmbH
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Permodo GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Platform161 B.V.
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Basis Global Technologies, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
SMADEX, S.L.U.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Bombora Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
EASYmedia GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Remerge GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
advanced store GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device identifiers
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Magnite CTV, Inc.
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Delta Projects AB
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
usemax advertisement (Emego GmbH)
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
emetriq GmbH
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Publicis Media GmbH
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
M.D. Primis Technologies Ltd.
Cookie duration: 25 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
OneTag Limited
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloud Technologies S.A.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Smartology Limited
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Improve Digital
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Advertising Cloud
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Bannerflow AB
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
TabMo SAS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Integral Ad Science (incorporating ADmantX)
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Wizaly
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Weborama
Cookie duration: 393 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Jivox Corporation
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Sojern, Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Vistar Media EMEA BV
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
On Device Research Limited
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Rockabox Media Ltd
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Exactag GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Celtra Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Precise location data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
mainADV Srl
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Gemius SA
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
The Kantar Group Limited
Cookie duration: 914 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Nielsen Media Research Ltd.
Cookie duration: 120 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Solocal SA
Cookie duration: 398 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Pixalate, Inc.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Numberly
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
AudienceProject A/S
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Demandbase, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Effiliation / Effinity
Cookie duration: 30 (days).
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Arrivalist Co.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Seenthis AB
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Commanders Act
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
travel audience GmbH
Cookie duration: 397 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
HUMAN
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Blendee srl
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Innovid LLC
Cookie duration: 90 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Papirfly AS
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: Device characteristics
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Neustar, Inc., a TransUnion company
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Otto GmbH & Co. KGaA
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience Platform
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Localsensor B.V.
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Online Solution
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Relay42 Netherlands B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
GP One GmbH
Cookie duration: Uses session cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Liftoff Monetize and Vungle Exchange
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
The MediaGrid Inc.
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Reppublika Research & Analytics Austria GmbH
Cookie duration: 180 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Users’ profiles
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Cint AB
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Google Advertising Products
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
GfK GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
RevJet
Cookie duration: 365 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Protected Media LTD
Doesn't use cookies.
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data
more
View details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
Clinch Labs LTD
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Hearts and Science München GmbH
Cookie duration: 60 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Amazon Advertising
Cookie duration: 396 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Users’ profiles, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Moloco, Inc.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Non-precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session. Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Legitimate interest
Adtriba GmbH
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ensighten
Cookie duration: 1825 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Privacy choices
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Legitimate interest
MetrixLab Nederland B.V.
Cookie duration: 730 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, User-provided data
more
Uses other forms of storage.
View details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Hurra Communications GmbH
Cookie duration: 366 (days).
Data collected and processed: IP addresses, Device characteristics, Device identifiers, Probabilistic identifiers, Authentication-derived identifiers, Browsing and interaction data, Non-precise location data, Precise location data
more
Cookie duration resets each session.
View details
|
Storage details
|
Privacy policy
Consent
Ad partners
Akamai
Privacy policy
Consent
Meta
Privacy policy
Consent
Aunica
Privacy policy
Consent
Booking.com
Privacy policy
Consent
C3 Metrics
Privacy policy
Consent
IBM
Privacy policy
Consent
eBay
Privacy policy
Consent
Evidon
Privacy policy
Consent
Adacado
Privacy policy
Consent
intelliAd
Privacy policy
Consent
Dstillery
Privacy policy
Consent
MediaMath
Privacy policy
Consent
ZMS
Privacy policy
Consent
Omnicom Media Group
Privacy policy
Consent
Resonate
Privacy policy
Consent
Smart
Privacy policy
Consent
Tradedoubler AB
Privacy policy
Consent
TrustArc
Privacy policy
Consent
TruEffect
Privacy policy
Consent
Travel Data Collective
Privacy policy
Consent
advolution.control
Privacy policy
Consent
LifeStreet
Privacy policy
Consent
Batch Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Vodafone GmbH
Privacy policy
Consent
Magnite
Privacy policy
Consent
Scenestealer
Privacy policy
Consent
Netquest
Privacy policy
Consent
Manage.com
Privacy policy
Consent
Cloudflare
Privacy policy
Consent
Salesforce DMP
Privacy policy
Consent
Netflix
Privacy policy
Consent
ebuilders
Privacy policy
Consent
AppLovin Corp.
Privacy policy
Consent
Fractional Media
Privacy policy
Consent
Rackspace
Privacy policy
Consent
MSI-ACI
Privacy policy
Consent
Admetrics
Privacy policy
Consent
Navegg
Privacy policy
Consent
Admedo
Privacy policy
Consent
Kochava
Privacy policy
Consent
Mobitrans
Privacy policy
Consent
ADEX
Privacy policy
Consent
Impact
Privacy policy
Consent
Spotad
Privacy policy
Consent
Aarki
Privacy policy
Consent
SFR
Privacy policy
Consent
Cablato
Privacy policy
Consent
Waystack
Privacy policy
Consent
TreSensa
Privacy policy
Consent
Adludio
Privacy policy
Consent
gskinner
Privacy policy
Consent
CUBED
Privacy policy
Consent
Optomaton
Privacy policy
Consent
Dentsu Aegis Network
Privacy policy
Consent
Digiseg
Privacy policy
Consent
Haensel AMS
Privacy policy
Consent
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG
Privacy policy
Consent
Objective Partners
Privacy policy
Consent
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.
Privacy policy
Consent
DENTSU
Privacy policy
Consent
Kobler
Privacy policy
Consent
Widespace
Privacy policy
Consent
Vimeo
Privacy policy
Consent
Oracle Data Cloud
Privacy policy
Consent
Close