About
Who We Are
What We Do
Build For You
Contact
Privacy
Privacy Policy
In summary, our apps do not collect or store any personal information about you or any of our users, and our website only tracks traffic – nothing personally identifiable.
AviationMobileApps, LLC ( “We”, “Us”) is sensitive to your concerns about how we use the personal information we collect from you through our websites (the “Site”) and our mobile apps (“Application”).  (The Site and Application are sometimes collectively referred to as “Our  Apps” for simplicity.)
We take your privacy seriously, and have implemented this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and internal policies and practices to keep your personal and other information secure. The Privacy Policy covers the treatment of the information we collect when you use the Our Apps or Site.  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your information and how you can access and update this information.
E.U. Safe Harbor Program
We comply with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries. We have certified that we adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, please visit
http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/
.
What Information Do We Collect About Our Customers?
Traffic Data.
The mobile apps collect no data, but our website may collect a variety of visitor data such as IP addresses, browser settings, internet service provider (ISP) information, referring/exit pages, operating systems, date/time stamps, and clickstream data (collectively “Visitor Data”). The website internal servers and software automatically recognize Visitor Data. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected in this process. The Site may use Visitor Data to compile traffic data about the types of visitors who use the Site at specific intervals (collectively “Traffic Data”).
We may use Traffic Data to analyze Site traffic, but this information is not examined for Personally Identifiable Information. We may also use Traffic Data to diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site, or display content according to your preferences. Visitor Data and Traffic Data may also be shared with business partners.
Cookies.
Our websites may use the standard cookie feature of major browser applications and third-party providers, including Google Analytics features (Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting), or employ internally developed cookies and tracking codes, that allow AviationMobileApps.com to store a small piece of data on a visitor’s computer, or any other device a visitor uses to access AviationMobileApps.com, about his or her visit to the Site or use of Applications.
Our websites do not capture Personally Identifiable Information in cookies or use cookies to mine Personally Identifiable Information.  You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” directory. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such order forms, will be limited.
3rd Party Tracking.
The use of tracking technologies by our service providers, technology partners or other 3rd party assets (such as social media links) on the site is not covered by our Privacy Policy.  These 3rd parties may use cookies, clear gifs, images, and scripts to help them better manage their content on our site.   We do not have access or control over these technologies.  We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers’ or Users’ Personally Identifiable Information.  Our mobile app makes no use of any 3rd party software or tracking methods.
Personal Information.
Testimonials and Reviews.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers received through App Store reviews orTwitter and FaceBook Posts.    If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@AviationMobileApps.com.  We also display customer reviews.  If you provide a review that we display and wish to update or delete it, you can also contact us at support@AviationMobileApps.com.
Calls/Electronic Communications.
In the regular course of our business, we may monitor and record phone conversations or email communications between you and our employees for training and quality assurance purposes. We may receive a confirmation when you open or click on content in an email from us, which helps us make our communications to you more useful and interesting. If you do not wish to receive email from us, you may unsubscribe from our mailing list on any of the emails we send.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect and Do We Share the Information We Receive?
We use information we collect from AviationMobileApps.com to communicate with you, process your orders, facilitate your transactions with our third-party marketing partners, and inform you of offers and discounts. For example, you may receive a welcome email that confirms your username and password, and later receive communications responding to your inquiries, providing services you request, and managing your account. We occasionally send service-related announcements, for example, to alert you if we need to temporarily suspend the Site for maintenance.
Opting Out.
We send promotional emails and newsletters from time to time to users who have registered on the Site and to those who have opted in to receive such emails. Generally, you may not opt-out of service-related or transactional communications, which are not promotional. If you do not wish to receive service-related communications, you may terminate your account by contacting Customer Care at support@AviationMobileApps.com or (800) 207-7142. However, you can opt-out of promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions in any communication or by emailing us at support@AviationMobileApps.com.
You may choose not to provide AviationMobileApps.com with Personally Identifiable Information or you may turn off cookies in your browser by changing its settings. If you make these decisions, you may continue to use the AviationMobileApps.com website and browse its pages. However, AviationMobileApps.com cannot process orders without Personally Identifiable Information.
Surveys, Sweepstakes, and Contests
.  We may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site, to measure customer satisfaction.  If you participate, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys, sweepstakes, or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  The requested information typically includes name, email address, and mailing address.
We share customer information with third parties only as follows:
Required by Law.
We may also disclose collected information: as required by law, such as in response to a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a legal request.
Visitor Demographics.
Contact Data and Traffic Data are used to gather general statistics about our customers and visitors. We may use Demographic Data to generate collective information about our users, but not in a way that identifies any user specifically. For example, we may inform third parties about the number of registered users and unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed. Visitor Demographics is not collected in the mobile app.
Blogs and Forums.
The Site includes a publicly accessible blog and interactive forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.   You should use caution when deciding whether to disclose your personal information in these areas of the site. To request removal of your personal information from our community forums, contact us at support@AviationMobileApps.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Links
Third-Party Websites.
AviationMobileApps.com may maintain links to other websites and other websites may maintain links to the Online Services. This Privacy Policy applies only to AviationMobileApps.com and not to other websites accessible from AviationMobileApps.com, each of which may have privacy policies materially different from this Privacy Policy. If you visit other websites, AviationMobileApps.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. It is your responsibility to review the privacy policies of non-AviationMobileApps.com websites to confirm that you understand and agree with them.
Social Media Widgets.
Our website includes social media features, such as the Facebook “like” button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Data Retention.
At minimum, we will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. AviationMobileApps.com may maintain some or all of this data in its archives even after it has been removed from the Site.
How Secure Is the Information We Collect?
Our Commitment to Data Security.
We strive to make certain that our servers and connections incorporate the latest encryption and security devices. We have implemented physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.  ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR THE THEFT, LOSS, OR INTERCEPTION OF, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, YOUR DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS BY USING THE SITE, APPLICATIONS, AND OUR SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND ASSUME THESE RISKS.
IF YOU BELIEVE YOUR PRIVACY HAS BEEN BREACHED THROUGH USE OF OUR WEBSITE, APPLICATIONS, OR OTHER SERVICES PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY AT (800) 207-7142.
Enforcement. We periodically review this Privacy Policy and our compliance with it to verify that both are accurate. We encourage you to contact us with any concerns, and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes about our privacy practices.
Changes to this Policy.
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes a notice will be posted on this page along with the updated Privacy Policy prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us on the information below
support@AviationMobileApps.com
(800) 207-7142
Privacy Policy Revision History
Last updated on February 11, 2019