Home
/
Our Company
/
Legal
/
Privacy Notice
/
Privacy Notice
Verint Global Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 2025
Welcome to Verint’s Global Privacy Notice. Protecting personal information is important to Verint.
This Privacy Notice explains how we collect personal information, what we do with it, how we protect it, and what your rights are. Personal information may be any form of data that could be used to identify you, directly or indirectly.
This Privacy Notice generally applies to our global operations. Some jurisdictions have unique privacy laws and where applicable, we will comply with those local laws. This Privacy Notice is published in English with other languages as required by local law here:
Brazilian
Who are we?
We are Verint Systems, Inc., a company publicly listed on the NASDAQ (NSDQ:VRNT). A list of our group entities is published annually as part of our regulatory filings.
When we say “
we
“, “
us
“, “
our
“, or “
Verint
” in this Privacy Notice, we mean the companies that make up the Verint Systems, Inc. group of companies.
For the purposes of UK and EU data protection law, the controller will typically be the regional company you choose for your Verint trading relationship, which will be shared in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Your controller(s) may depend on where you are geographically located and how you interact with Verint, and in some cases, multiple Verint entities could be considered joint controllers.
Usually, the primary data controllers in our trading regions are:
Americas
: Verint Americas Inc. of 5995 Windward Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30005 USA, Verint II LLC of 225 Broadhollow Road, Suite 130 Melville, NY 11747
EMEA
: Verint Systems UK Limited, of 2nd Floor, The Forge, 43 Church Street, Woking, GU21 6HT, UK
APAC
: Verint Systems (Asia Pacific) Limited of Room 5304-06, 53/F, Hopewell Centre, No. 183 Queen’s Road East, WanChai, Hong Kong
CALA
: Verint Brasil Ltda, with Office at Av. Juscelino Kubitschek, No. 1,455 – 4th floor, Vila Nova Conceição, Suite 439, Zip Code 04543-011, São Paulo/SP, Brazil
What is covered by this Privacy Notice?
Unless stated to the contrary, this Privacy Notice applies:
when you use Verint websites, on-line portals, access services or applications (our “
Services
“),
if you interact with us on social media, or at trade shows, webinars or other events,
when Verint runs marketing and business development activities,
when we conduct our internal operations (like finance, business, sales, marketing, procurement and legal),
Access to Verint’s support and partner portals
Verint’s adherence with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
.
This Privacy Notice does
not
apply:
when Verint acts as a service provider/data processor for its enterprise (business-to-business or B2B) customers or partners. This may include when Verint provides social media integrations to Verint’s solutions which allow invidividuals to communicate with service or product providers.Where we are a service provider for our enterprise customers or partners (in a B2B context), generally we are a service provider/data processor and our business terms agreed with each customer or partner, which may include our
Global data processing agreement (DPA)
or other specific business terms, will set out what personal information processing we carry out for that customer or partner as service provider/data processor.If you have questions about how an enterprise customer or partner uses your personal information as a business/data controller,
please contact that enterprise customer or partner as Verint is unable to deal with those requests directly.
if you complete a survey, provide feedback or provide data to a company using a Verint solutionWhere our customers use Verint solutions to collect data, we are their service provider/data processor. That customer or partner will collect your data in accordance with their own privacy policy / notice.
If you have questions about their data collection and how they share it with Verint, please contact that organisation and refer to their privacy policy / notice.
to Verint employees
to job applicants applying for positions advertised by Verint – instead, please read our Recruitment Privacy Notice
here
.
Summary
You can find out more detailed information about how Verint processes personal information below, but here are some key summary points we think you might want to know:
We operate in the business-to-business (B2B) market, so we may collect personal information relating to employees or agents of business customers, partners, prospects and other businesses including vendors who supply to Verint, in each case where required to support our operations
Your personal information is, where appropriate or necessary, shared within our global group
We use third party vendors, where appropriate, who are located in different countries across the world to store and process personal information to support our business activities
We do not sell your personal information
We send business-to-business marketing communications (including event and webinar invitations, knowledge leadership, and information on our solutions)
We use personal information to support our global operations, including sales, finance, customer service and other business operations
When we collect personal information about you for the purposes specified in this notice, we only keep it for as long as it is needed to support our business operations
What information do we collect and hold, and what do we use this for?
Marketing and Business Development
If you browse any of our websites:
We collect:
Technical information
, including your IP address, device information, and browser information used to access our Services
Usage i
nformation
about how you use our websites and access content, including IP address, URL and clickstream data, website interaction data
information about how you interact with us on
social media
, including your social media handle
We use this to:
ensure our Services are presented to you in the most effective way on your device
diagnose problems with our server or administer our websites
analyse user traffic to understand how people use our Services, measure use of our websites and to improve the content and functionality of our websites and Services
where required under applicable law, comply with legal or regulatory obligations
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interests
in providing and improving our Services
where required, your
consent
(for example, for non-necessary cookies)
where required under applicable law, to comply with our
legal obligations
If you contact us:
We collect:
contact information,
including your name, address, email, job title, and telephone number and form content and other information you share with us, for example in forms that you complete or by interacting with intelligent virtual agent functionality on our websites
We use this to:
reply to your form submissions, events, feedback, and enquiries
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interests
, in order to respond to you when you contact us
complying with any
contract
with you, for example our website
terms of service
If you engage with our events and resources (such as webinars):
We collect:
contact
information
other
registration information
you share with us
personal information shared with us by third parties including event organisers, our business partners, service providers, and publicly available information
We use this to:
provide our Services to you, including event, virtual events, webinar registrations, white paper downloads and other information we share
If you register for a paid event, payment information will be collected through a trusted third-party provider and we will not receive your payment information
Our lawful basis for this is:
complying with any
contract
with you, for example our website
terms of service
our
legitimate interests
in in managing relationships with customer and partner organisations
If you create a Verint account:
We collect:
account login details
including your email address, username and password
We use this to:
administer your access to our websites or to access online Services and mobile apps which are used to provide our Services which you access in your role when appointed to do so by our customers, partners or vendors.
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interest
in managing relationships with customer and partner organisations, and administering and complying with applicable business terms
If we send you direct marketing:
We collect:
marketing preferences
, including whether or not you want to receive marketing communications from us and what your communication preferences are,
interaction information
about how you engage with our email, social media or other communications, including opening and viewing emails, web-site content, social media content or other communications
We use this to:
provide you with information about our products and services
provide you with information about training or other services we deliver to you, including administering our certification programs
help us improve your experience and tailor our future marketing based on your preferences or behaviours
Our lawful basis for this is:
where permitted, our
legitimate interest
in promoting and marketing Verint products and services
where required under applicable law, your
consent
to any direct marketing or to cookies or similar technologies
Sales, Finance, Business Operations and Delivering Services
If your organisation engages us to provide our Services, or if you work for a vendor or partner of Verint:
We collect:
contact information
, including your name, address, email, job title, and telephone number and other information you, your organisation provides to us or you have provided to Verint in order to access and use relevant Services
vendor, customer or partner on-boarding information
, including information we obtain from third parties to complete on-boarding compliance and credit checks prior to providing Services to your organisation
feedback and support information
provided to us, for example in response to customer satisfaction surveys about your organisation’s use of our Services or during support requests associated with use of our Services
We use this to:
deliver Services to enterprise customers or partners and you may be an employee or representative of those customers or partners and you are involved in some aspect of the relationship relating to use of our Services
deliver our Services, provide proposals during a sales cycle and negotiation of agreements, manage customer accounts and process and fulfil orders
deliver support to our customers or partners including ticketing information and details of the support request
to improve our Services
monitor customer usage of our Services to ensure compliance with our business terms and this may include keeping a record of named users’ usage or conducting audits which involve the processing of personal information
work with our vendors and manage our vendor relationships, including in accordance with applicable business terms with vendors
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interest
in managing relationships with customer and partner organisations, and administering and complying with applicable business terms.
our
legitimate interest
in managing relationships with vendors, and administering and complying with applicable business terms
If you visit our offices:
We collect:
information captured by our
CCTV
if you visit any of our premises,
visitor logs
, including your name, contact details and visit details
and
other information
we collect – for example, any dietary requirements for meetings or events
We use this to:
to ensure our premises remain safe and secure
administer meetings which you attend at our offices
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interest
in ensuring that our premises are safe and secure for our staff and visitors, including the effective administration of meetings
If we record media:
We collect:
audio, video and visual (i.e. screen capture)
recordings
, including of:
calls, correspondence and other communication channels
training seminars, presentations, and webinars
If we record any telephone or video call, or other media, we will inform you of this prior to the recording taking place.
We use this:
to allow you and others, where appropriate, access to recorded training seminars, presentations and webinars
for compliance, quality, training and other purposes
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interest
in providing knowledge material as part of our promotional activities
our
legitimate interest
in improving our Services and solutions and ensuring compliance with our internal policies and procedures
If you attend a demonstration for our Services:
We collect:
personal information as part of a
trial or test
We use this to:
demonstrate our Services and solutions to you (in some circumstances, we will provide you with further privacy information, in addition to this Privacy Notice)
Our lawful basis for this is:
our
legitimate interest
in providing demonstrations of our Services and solutions to
where required, your
consent
and/or
explicit consent
We may need to use any of your personal information to comply with legal requirements and exercise or defend legal claims.
To ensure the data we hold is up-to-date we may periodically ask you to confirm this information or we may supplement this information with additional data we collect from other sources.
We may aggregate and anonymise personal information such that it is no longer personal information for the purposes of enhancing our services and business practices.
What do our lawful bases mean?
Where we process your personal information, we do so in accordance with applicable privacy laws. The most common legal bases we rely on are:
Consent
: You have provided your express consent to process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice during the capture of your personal information
Legitimate Interests
: The processing is necessary for us to conduct our business, but not where our interests are overridden by your interests or rights in law
Performance of a contract
: We must process your personal information in order to be able to provide you or the organisation you represent with one of our products or services
Although less common, there may be circumstances when other legal bases are appropriate:
Vital interests
: The processing of your personal information is necessary to protect you or someone else’s life or physical safety
Legal obligation
: We are required to process your personal information by law
Third party websites
We are not responsible for the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any platform or site which links to our website, or to which our websites contain a link. The inclusion of a link on any of our websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us and you should be satisfied of the relevant third party’s use of your personal information and the applicable privacy notice.
Cookies
Our websites and applications use cookies to help give you the best experience, for advertising, and to help us improve our service offering. For more information please see our
Cookie Notice
Who might we share your personal information with?
When we share your personal information, it will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the applicable law.
These might be to a jurisdiction recognised as ‘adequate’ under UK or EU/EEA law, through an approved transfer scheme, such as the use of standard contractual clauses in a form approved by regulators or other competent authorities.
Within our group:
We are a global organisation and our professionals who use personal information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice may be employed by any of our group entities. Our entities have entered into binding inter-group transfer agreements which recognise the standards of international data transfers (see the section below on “
Do we transfer your data internationally
?
”).
With our reseller and distribution and business support partners:
We may deliver our services through a member of our network of reseller, distributor and business support partners.
We may also assist a partner in their provision of services to our customers and other partners who service our customers. Where required to deliver these services we may need to share personal information with our partners.
With our vendors and service providers for the following purposes:
Marketing and Business Development:
to deliver our marketing and business development campaigns we may share data with digital marketing providers, social media companies with whom Verint has a business account and advertising companies, market research partners, webinar hosts, venues, event organisers and registration providers, and other trusted vendors who assist in the performance of our marketing campaigns.
Sales, Finance, Business Operations and Delivering Services:
we use (a) third-party sales tools to track pipeline activity and order information, (b) finance and invoicing tools to assist in managing orders, customer billing and fulfillment, (c) legal and compliance tools to assist in our contracting and compliance activities including credit checks, (d) consultants, contractors and other specialists to provide professional services, and (e) other vendors which support our business operation.
Further vendors:
we use trusted vendors to provide goods and services which support our business operations
In each case, our vendors and service providers are appointed under terms governing how they may process personal data on Verint’s behalf, where required under applicable law including where relevant the EU-U.S. DPF Principles as detailed below. Verint remains responsible and liable under relevant data protection laws (including the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and/or the Swiss-U.S DPF), if third party agents that Verint engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with those laws unless Verint proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the non-compliance.
Law enforcement and legal compliance:
We also use and disclose personal information, as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our group entities; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our group entities, you or others; (g) if we are involved in any discussions related to the sale of all or part of our business, and (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Verint Systems Inc and its U.S. Subsidiaries may at times be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and shall do so in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
How do we secure your data?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal information under our control. We implement security measures appropriate to the nature of the processing and regularly review these measures.
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by completing the
Verint contact form
.
Do we transfer your data internationally?
We may transfer your personal information to our group entities, partners or vendors outside of the country in which the applicable data controller is based, including exporting data outside the US, EEA, APAC and Brazil, for the reasons set out in in this Privacy Notice (please see the ‘
Who might we share your personal information with
?
‘ section above).
We primarily transfer data to the USA, Israel, UK, EEA, and India with other jurisdictions, as necessary or appropriate to our business operations. Where required by law, we undertake a transfer impact assessment before a transfer takes place.
When we share your personal information, it will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the applicable law. These might be to a jurisdiction recognised as ‘adequate’ under UK or EU/EEA law, or through an approved transfer scheme, such as the use of standard contractual clauses in a form approved by regulators or other competent authorities. Our entities have entered into binding intra-group transfer agreements which recognise the standards of international data transfers.
How long do we keep your data for?
We will keep your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice and in accordance with applicable privacy laws and relevant regulations. We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary for these purposes.
How long we will keep your personal information considers:
the length of time we have a relationship with you and provide services to you or our customer (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the services)
if we are subject to a legal obligation (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
if we may need to retain information in case of a dispute or investigation, including to bring, defend and manage any litigation.
Contact Us
If you have a question, complaint or any feedback about how your personal information is processed or this Privacy Notice, please contact us by completing the
Verint contact form
.  We use a third party privacy tool to help us manage your request.
Our companies, where required by applicable law, have appointed a data protection officer. Please refer to the section of this Privacy Notice for your country for this contact information.
Complaints
If Verint cannot resolve your complaint, you may have the right to complain to a competent regulator or supervisory authority in your jurisdiction.
If you are in the
UK
, the Information Commissioner’s Office (
ICO
) is the supervisory authority. You can contact them via the link
here
If you are in the
EU/EEA
, you can find your local data protection authority
here
If you are in
Switzerland
, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner can be contacted
here
If you are in
Brazil
, Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD) is the supervisory authority. You can contact them
here
If you are in
California
, The California Privacy Protection Agency is the supervisory authority. You can contact the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
United Kingdom, Switzerland, EU and the European Economic Area
If you are in United Kingdom (“
UK
“), Switzerland, the European Union (“
EU
“) or European Economic Area (“
EEA
“), the following section on your rights in personal information also applies.
Your Rights In Your Personal Information
To exercise any of your rights, please complete the
Verint contact form
.
We treat your rights in personal information the same wherever you may be located. Your rights under privacy laws may include:
erasure/deletion:
You may have the right to ask us to erase personal information concerning you, although this right applies in certain circumstances and we may be permitted to retain your personal information notwithstanding your request if an exception under data protection laws applies.
access a copy:
You may confirm whether we are processing your personal information. If we are, you may request a copy of your personal information (including the categories of personal information processed, the purpose of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients).We do have to consider the interests of others, and if you want to request more than one copy we may charge a fee.
correct inaccurate personal information:
You may have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information.
limit our use of your personal information (restriction):
In certain limited circumstances, you may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal information.
have your personal information moved (portability):
In certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive personal information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit that data to another entity.
object to our use of your personal information:
In certain circumstances you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal information, including profiling, by us and we can be required to no longer process your personal information. For example, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal information on the basis of our legitimate interests, under certain conditions. You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.If we process your personal information using automated decision making which has a legal or similarly significant effect on you, you may have the right to request intervention in relation to such an automated decision so that you can express your view and to contest the decision.
withdraw consent:
where we rely on consent as the legal basis on which we process your personal information, you may also withdraw that consent at any time. The most efficient way is to contact Verint (see
Contact us
below).Whether based on consent or our legitimate interest, all our marketing emails include an ‘unsubscribe’ option and allow you to manage your email preferences.
You may also have specific rights under laws appliable to you as a citizen and where these are relevant to Verint, see the specific sections below.
How to exercise your rights
As stated above, to exercise any of your rights, please complete the
Verint contact form
.
Alternatively, you may contact our country-specific contacts as detailed under
Contact us
or the country-specific sections that follow.
We will typically be able to respond within one month. In some circumstances, for example if your request is complex, we may need longer. We will inform you if this is the case.
We may need to ask for additional information to verify your request and action your request. This helps us to protect personal information against fraudulent requests. If you do not provide sufficient information initially and do not respond to our request for additional information, we may be unable to action your request. We may ask you to complete our form in order to ensure your request is processed in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We use a trusted third-party vendor to collect the information in the contact us form.
If you have a complaint which has not been resolved to your satisfaction by Verint or its specifically appointed country representatives, please refer to
Complaints
above.
Contact us
You can contact us using the
Verint contact form
.
You can also contact our country-specific contacts:
Data Protection Officers
For Switzerland and Germany only:
Verint Systems GmbH of Ziegelteich 29, 24103 Kiel Germany, has appointed Rechtsanwalt Julian Höppner who can be contacted by completion of the
Verint contact form
EEA and UK Representatives
If you are located in the EEA,
please note that if the data controller which is processing your personal information is located outside the EEA, we have authorised our company in the EEA as our designated representative for the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council): Verint Netherlands BV, Laarderhoogtweg 25, 1101 EB, Amsterdam Netherlands. You can get in contact through the
Contact us
section.
If you are located in the UK,
please note that if the data controller which is processing your personal information is located outside the UK, we have authorised our company in the UK as our designated representative: Verint Systems UK Limited, 2nd Floor, The Forge, 43 Church Street, Woking, GU21 6HT, UK. You can get in contact through the
Contact us
section.
Brazil
If you are in Brazil, the following information also applies:
This section supplements the information contained in our Privacy Notice and applies solely to individual residents of Brazil. For the purposes of Brazilian Federal Law nº 13,709/2018 (Brazilian General Data Protection Law – “
LGPD
”), the controller of your personal information will be  Verint Brasil Ltda, with Office at Av. Pres. Juscelino Kubitschek, No. 1,455 – 4th floor, Vila Nova Conceição, Suite 439, Zip Code 04543-011, São Paulo/SP, Brazil.
Rights in Brazil
If you are in Brazil, you may have the right (subject to certain exceptions and limits) to:
request confirmation
on the existence of processing of your personal information.
request
access
to your personal information Verint holds about you in a simplified format, or by means of a complete declaration.
request
correction
of your personal information.
request
anonymization
,
blockage
or
deletion
of unnecessary, excessive or unlawfully processed personal information.
request
deletion
of personal information lawfully processed with your given consent.
request information
about public and private entities with which Verint shares your personal information.
request information
about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial.
request
transfer
of your personal information to another service provider (data portability).
revoke your consent
at any time.
oppose
the processing of your personal information, when in noncompliance with the LGPD.
have Verint review automated decisions
, where these decisions use personal information and are solely automated.
How to exercise your rights in relation to Brazil
If you are a Brazilian resident, to exercise any of your rights, please complete the
Verint contact form
or contact the Brazilian specific data protection officer below.
We will typically be able to respond within one month. In some circumstances, for example if your request is complex, we may need longer. We will inform you if this is the case.
We may need to ask for additional information to verify your request and action your request. This helps us to protect personal information against fraudulent requests. If you do not provide sufficient information initially and do not respond to our request for additional information, we may be unable to action your request. We may ask you to complete our form in order to ensure your request is processed in accordance with applicable privacy laws. We use a trusted third-party vendor to collect the information in the contact us form.
Brazilian Data Protection Officer
Brazil (“
Encarregado de Dados”)
:
Verint Brasil Ltda, with Office at Av. Pres. Juscelino Kubitschek, No. 1,455 – 4th floor, Vila Nova Conceição, Suite 439, Zip Code 04543-011, São Paulo/SP, Brazil, has appointed Lucas Paranhos as Encarregado de Dados, who can be contacted through the
Contact us
section below or through the e-mail:
brazildpo@verint.com
California
Rights in California
If you are in a resident of California, the following information also applies:
This California Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in our Privacy Notice and applies solely to individual residents of the State of California (“
consumers
” or “
you
”). This California Privacy Notice provides additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of consumers, either offline or online, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), as amended by the California Consumer Rights Act (“
CPRA
) (collectively, “
California Privacy Law
”).
If you are a California resident, please review this section below as it is applicable to your Personal Information (“
California Personal Information
“).
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this California Privacy Notice have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Notice or as otherwise defined in the CCPA.
California Personal Information
Depending on your online and offline interactions with us, Verint may collect and process the following categories of California Personal Information:
Identifiers
Professional or employment-related information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Audio, electronic, visual or similar information
Inferences
drawn from the information collected.
Certain California Personal Information that we collect about you may be considered
sensitive personal information
within the meaning of California Privacy Law.
Verint only uses and discloses sensitive personal information as necessary in connection with the performance of services and the provision of goods, compliance with federal, state, or local laws, and as otherwise permitted by California Privacy Law.
Sources
Verint generally sources the categories of California Personal Information identified above directly from you (for instance, when you provide information as part of a business transaction or otherwise) or from third parties, such as business partners and analytics providers.
We do not knowingly share the California Personal Information of individuals under 16 years of age, in a manner that constitutes a “sale” under California law.
Purposes of use
Verint uses California Personal Information for:
Business purposes, including to:
ensure our Services (as defined above) are presented to you in the most effective way on your device;
diagnose problems with our server or administer our websites;
analyse user traffic to understand how people use our Services;
measure use of our websites and to improve the content of our websites and our services;
reply to your form submissions, events, feedback, and enquiries;
administer your access to our websites, online services, applications and mobile apps;
improve our services;
to ensure our premises remain safe and secure;
for compliance, quality, training and other purposes.
Disclosure of California Personal Information
We may disclose the categories of California Personal Information described above for the business purposes described above to:
Our group entities;
Our resellers, distributors, and business support partners;
Law enforcement officials, when required by law.
We may disclose Identifiers and Internet or other electronic network activity information for the commercial purposes described above to:
Third party services providers.
Retention of California Personal Information
Verint retains your California Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained.
How long we will keep your personal information considers:
the length of time we have a relationship with you and provide services to you or our customer (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the services);
if we are subject to a legal obligation (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
if we may need to retain information in case of a dispute or investigation, including to bring, defend and manage any litigation.
California Personal Information Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have the right (subject to certain exceptions and limits) to:
for certain categories of California Personal Information,
request a list of what California Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties
for their own direct marketing purposes in the previous calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties;
request
to know/access
any or all of the following information relating to the California Personal Information we have collected about you or disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:
the specific pieces of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources of the California Personal Information we have collected about you;
the categories of California Personal Information that we have disclosed about you to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
the categories of California Personal Information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom this information was sold; and
the business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling California Personal Information about you.
request that we delete
the California Personal Information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
direct us not to sell or share California Personal Information
we have collected about you to third parties now or in the future. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
request correction of inaccurate
California Personal Information that has been collected about you.
limit
our use of sensitive personal information (as the term is defined under California Privacy Law) we have collected from you or maintain about you to only what is necessary to provide our services.
not
receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the California Privacy Law.
If the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process your California Personal Information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner.
How to Exercise Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please complete the
Verint contact form
to exercise your rights or to ask us any questions about your California Personal Information collected or shared with third parties.
When submitting your request, please include the specific nature of your request, referencing “Your California Privacy Rights,” as well as your first and last name, email address, and zip code or mailing address.
Verint may apply any exceptions or other conditions available under law when responding to correction, deletion, or other requests.
Do Not Sell or Share My Information
As a California resident, you may also have the right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your California Personal Information, as such terms are defined under California Privacy Law, if applicable.
We will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products, based solely upon this request.
Authorized Agents
To the extent that you elect to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, they must provide appropriate documentation including written signed permission from you, proof of your identity, and verification of their identity; or a valid, designated power of attorney as defined under the California Probate Code.
Contact Us
If you are a California resident and have any questions about this California Consumer Protection Act Privacy Notice addendum please complete the
Verint contact form
or email at
globalprivacy@verint.com
Verint’s adherence with the EU-US Data Privacy Framework the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Verint Systems Inc and its U.S. subsidiaries Verint Americas Inc. and Verint II LLC (
“U.S. Subsidiaries”
) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
“EU-U.S. DPF”
), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
“Swiss-U.S. DPF”
) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Verint Systems Inc has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it and its U.S. Subsidiaries adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (
“EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Verint Systems Inc has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it and its U.S. Subsidiaries adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (
“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”
) with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  We refer to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles as the
“DPF Principles”
. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the DPF Principles, the applicable DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov//
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Verint Systems Inc’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Verint Systems Inc confirms on behalf of itself and its U.S. Subsidiaries that each will comply with the following :
Commitment to comply with the DPF Principles:
Verint Systems Inc and its U.S. Subsidiaries adhere to the DPF Principles with regard to personal data received from the EU, United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and/or Switzerland.
Types of personal data collected:
The types of personal data collected will be that personal data mentioned in the “
What information do we collect and hold, and what do we use this information for?
” section of this Privacy Notice;
Purpose for which personal data is collected:
The purposes for which Verint collects and processes personal information is set out in the “
What information do we collect and hold, and what do we use this information for?
” section of this Privacy Notice;
Who to contact for questions related to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF:
Should you have any questions about Verint Systems Inc’s or its U.S. Subsidiaries’ compliance with the DPF Principles or any other inquiries or complaints please complete the
Verint contact form
or email at
globalprivacy@verint.com
;
The type and identity of third parties to which we disclose personal data:
We use third party service providers to provide business support services. The types and identity of third parties to whom Verint discloses personal data is set out in the section
“
Who might we might share your personal information with?
”
section this Privacy Notice.Verint remains responsible under the DPF Principles, if third party agents that Verint engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF. Principles unless Verint proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the non-compliance.
How to exercise your individual rights (access, correction, deletion):
Where Verint has collected personal data about you which is transferred to United States for processing under the DPF Principles, you have rights as an individual to make a request to
access personal data, request a correction or request deletion of personal data
that we have collected about you which falls under the DPF Principles by completing the
Verint contact form
or email to
globalprivacy@verint.com
.Verint cannot action certain requests, such as an ‘access request’ ‘deletion request’ or ‘limitation of use request,’ where Verint is not the controller of personal data because we have been appointed as a “processor” or “service provider” to a data controller based in the European Union, United Kingdom or Switzerland. You should make such requests directly to that data controller and if you make the request directly to us, Verint may assist in redirecting you to the appropriate data controller.
Your choices for limiting the use and disclosure of personal data:
Where Verint wishes to use personal data collected under this Privacy Notice for a new or different purpose which is materially different from the purpose it was originally collected, Verint will provide you with an opportunity to agree with or opt-out of that new or different purpose.In addition to the options described in response to item 6 above, you may at any time make a request to Verint to cease using your personal data by completing the
Verint contact form
or email to
globalprivacy@verint.com
. We will respond in 45 days to your request.
Complaints
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Verint Systems Inc (and its U.S. Subsidiaries) commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Verint Systems Inc at: Verint contact form or email at globalprivacy@verint.com. We will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt.We have also  committed to cost-free independent resolution where you cannot resolve a dispute directly with Verint Systems Inc (of its U.S. Subsidiaries) and commit to informing you about those options in further detail if we can’t amicably resolve a dispute. Verint Systems Inc (and its U.S. Subsidiaries) commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means in accordance with
Annex I
of the DPF Principles.
Disclosure of personal data for lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
Verint Systems Inc may at times be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and shall do so in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Back to the top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;