BUY NOW
Our Apps
Support
BUY NOW
Topmarks Apps Privacy
We take your privacy very seriously.
We don't collect or share any personal information about you when you use our apps. All pupil data is stored locally
        on your device so you don't have to worry about privacy issues.
Our apps have no adverts or external links, to help keep children focused.
If you wish, you can read our full
Privacy Policy
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.topmarks.co.uk/PrivacyPolicy:
Privacy Policy
Updated on: 20th September 2024
The Topmarks website (www.topmarks.co.uk) and our apps such as Hit the Button Maths are owned and operated by Topmarks Online Ltd.
We take privacy seriously at Topmarks and this policy explains what personal information we collect and use, and how we protect your rights to privacy.
This policy complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requirements and the
ICO's
Age Appropriate Design Code, also known as the
Children's Code
.
By providing us with any information about yourself when you contact us or use our website, you consent to allow us to process your personal
                    information as per this Policy.
How we use your information
This Privacy Policy tells you what to expect when Topmarks collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our website
users of our apps
people who contact us
Visitors to our Website
Cookies
Your privacy is important to us and as such, our use of your personal data and cookies is minimal. We use two types of cookies on Topmarks.
Strictly necessary cookies help to make our website function properly. We use cookies to record your
                        cookie preferences, and cookies to enable your shopping cart when purchasing apps on our website.
Cookies are used by our advertising partner, Google, to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting
                        and to combat fraud and abuse. See Google's
Advertising - Privacy & Terms
page for more information on how they use cookies and your personal data. You can manage your cookie settings by clicking on "Privacy and
                        cookie settings" at the bottom of page.
Traffic and Security
Our website uses the third-party Cloudflare network to mitigate the security risks for our users during cyber-attacks.
                    Cloudflare processes online identifiers such as your IP address to help identify malicious visitors to our website and to
                    reduce the chance of legitimate users from being blocked from accessing our website. Full details can be found in their
privacy policy
.
E-commerce
When you purchase our apps you are entering into an agreement with the app store from which you purchase the app, e.g. Apple iTunes, Google Play,
                    Amazon or Microsoft. Be sure to check the privacy policy of the respective app store. We do not collect or use any personal data or payment details
                    associated with your transactions with the app stores. The app stores share with us anonymised, aggregated data on the number of apps sold, 
                    basic download and session information, if you have opted-in to allow the respective app store to collect this data.
We use FastSpring as a payment service so you can purchase Windows and Android app volume licenses. FastSpring collects personal data as
                    necessary for the transaction and you can read more information on the purpose and extent of the data acquisition in their
privacy policy
.
Personal data that you may provide when using our website
We use your birth date to determine the Chinese Zodiac animal for the given date on our
Chinese Zodiac
calculator. We
do not
collect and store your birth date, nor do we share it with any third parties.
Links to Other Websites and Social Media
Topmarks provides links to other websites operated by third parties for your convenience to provide further information. This 
                    Privacy Policy applies only to the personal data that we collect through our website, app and when you contact us. We cannot 
                    be responsible for personal data that third parties may collect, use and share. Be sure to check their privacy policies if you
                    decide to visit them.
Topmarks' social media channels are ways for you to interact and share ideas and comments with us, and others. Each of the 
                    channels where we are present has a privacy policy, which we take care to adhere to, particularly with regard to sharing
                    potentially sensitive information and images featuring children's faces. We are keen that our sites and social media channels should
                    be as safe as possible for users. For more information you can review the privacy policies of
Facebook
,
X (formerly Twitter)
and
Pinterest
.
Users of Our Apps
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the apps referred to include the standalone software applications for mobiles, tablets
                    and desktop devices, as featured on our
apps pages
.
Topmarks
does not
collect or share any personal data about you via our apps. All pupil data is stored locally on your
                    device so only you have access to the profile information. Our apps have no adverts, no in-app purchases or external links.
People Who Contact Us
When you email us or contact us on our website with questions or support requests, you provide
                    your name and email address, as well as details of your query. This data is emailed to us and we use it only to deal 
                    with your specific query, after which time your details are deleted. We do not share the personal data that
                    you provide with any third parties.
Protecting your information
We take steps to protect your personal information from unauthorised access using generally accepted security measures.
                    The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Topmarks,
                    encrypting web traffic and emails which may include personal data using Transport Layer Security (TLS), using firewalls and
                    anti-virus software to protect computer systems, and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said,
                    Topmarks cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
The personal data that we collect and process is stored within the European Economic Area (EEA).
Your rights to access your personal data
You have the right to see the personal data we hold about you and to ask us to:
Make any changes to ensure that any personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date.
Erase or stop processing any personal information we hold about you where there is no longer a legal ground for us to hold it.
Transfer any information we hold about you to a specified third party.
If you wish to do this, please
contact us
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time and if we do so, we will publish the change on this page. Be sure to check this page regularly
                    for any changes to this policy.
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service