Squirrels Privacy
Policy
Last Updated: May 2018
Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access our website located at
https://www.airsquirrels.com
or purchase or use the Squirrels products including the DropStream, AirParrot and Reflector native applications. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us:
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you purchase items, subscribe, participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, billing address and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. We also collect information that you send us via any medium, including, but not limited to, email, telephone and social media interaction.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services:
When you access or use our services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of our services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our services.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access our services, including the hardware model, and operating system and version.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Information Choices" below.
B. USE OF INFORMATION
We use information about you for various purposes, including:
Providing, maintaining and improving our services, providing services you request, process transactions and to send you related information, including confirmations and invoices
Sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages
Responding to your comments, questions and requests and providing customer service
Communicating with you about Squirrels-related news and information
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; and
Personalizing and improving our services and products.
By accessing and using our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries.
C. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may engage third-party business partners, vendors or sub-processors to perform functions such as sending email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistanace, data storage, processing payments, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links) and providing customer service. Such companies shall only use your personal information for those purposes required to perform their functions. We may share your Personal Information, without your prior consent, in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture or transfer of assets. When personal information is shared, Squirrels will ascertain that any third parties are obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required under this policy.
We may share your information if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: protect and defend the rights or property of Squirrels; enforce this Privacy Policy or the services’ and products’ terms and conditions of access and use agreement; participate in dispute resolution pursuant to this Privacy Policy; protect the interests of other users of the Sites or any other person; or operate or conduct maintenance and repair of the Sites. We may share personal information about you if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
D. THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS
We may allow third parties to provide analytics services (such as Google Analytics and HubSpot). These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Squirrels and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices.
E. DO NOT TRACK
Our sites and services do not respond to Do Not Track signals.
F. AGGREGATE DATA
Squirrels may combine information you provide through our sites, services and applications with information from other users to create aggregate data that may be disclosed to third parties. Aggregate information does not contain your personal contact information.
G. SECURITY
Squirrels takes reasonable measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure and destruction.
H. RETENTION OF DATA
Squirrels will retain your Personal Information for only as long as it serves the purposes for which it was collected and will be retained in a form identifying or making identifiable only for as long as it serves a purpose of processing.
I. DATA TRANSFER
Squirrels is headquartered in the United States of America. Personally identifiable information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, merchants or service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing us with identifiable information, you consent to this transfer in compliance with applicable law.
J. INFORMATION ACCESS, CORRECTION AND OTHER RIGHTS
You have the right to access the personal information we hold about you. You may access your information that Squirrels holds by contacting us via the information listed below. You have the right to correct, amend or delete that information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. You are entitled to revoke your consent to use of data in the future, in whole or in part. Should you desire this, we will delete or block your relevant data; however, doing so may result in your inability to use our services or sites in whole or in part. To protect your privacy and security, Squirrels may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections to or deleting your information.
K. YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES
You can always opt not to provide information. However, this may impact product and site functionality or prevent the use of sites and services entirely.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Squirrels by following the instructions in those emails or by contacting us with the information listed below. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about applications you have tried or purchased.
L. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy or if you would like to request access to the personal data that we may maintain about you, please contact us as follows:
Squirrels, LLC
121 Wilbur Dr, N.E.
North Canton, OH 44720
privacy@airsquirrels.com
As of the writing of this Privacy Policy, Squirrels has not established an official in the EU or Switzerland who can respond to questions and complaints. Please direct all correspondence to the above.