Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
PatientSpot Privacy Policy
PatientSpot Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 9th, 2024
Global Healthy Living Foundation (“GHLF”, “we”, “our”, us”) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization whose mission is to improve the quality of life for people with chronic illnesses. We are an online collaborative collection of health-related topics. We advocate nationally for improved access to care and educate about the importance of diagnosis, early and innovative medical intervention, long-term lifestyle improvement, and therapeutic compliance.
PatientSpot is a digital platform, available as both a website and mobile application, which serves patients living with various types of chronic diseases. PatientSpot is wholly owned and under the control of GHLF. We are providing you this Privacy Policy because we know that you care about your personal information. Your personal data is private and will only be used for the purpose of providing our services. We don’t sell your data to anyone and you will not get third-party email by engaging with us. This Policy tells you what personal data we collect from you, what we do with it, and who can access it. At Global Healthy Living Foundation, online privacy is important to us and we take your privacy as seriously as we take your health.
This Privacy Policy describes how we  may collect, use, or share information about you when you visit one of our sites, www.ghlf.org, www.creakyjoints.org.es, www.painspot.com, www.creakyjoints.org.es, www.50statenetwork.org, (collectively, the “Site”); your choices regarding our use of your information; how we safeguard such information; and how you may contact us regarding our privacy practices. The Privacy Policy also applies to your use of the interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a Site (collectively, the “Services”).
To the extent we provide you notice on our Site of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use. In addition, please review the Services’
Terms of Use
, which govern your use of the Services, and include among other things, grants of rights from you, limits on our liability and your remedies. By using the Services, you agree to be bound by GHLF’s Terms of Use and consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions contained in or incorporated by reference into the Terms of Use, please do not use the Services.
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at info((at))ghlf((dot))org (info@ghlf.org).
INFORMATION GHLF May Collect
Personal Information You Provide to Us
Information That Is Automatically Collected When You Visit GHLF.org or PatientSpot.org
We use various tools and technologies like cookies and web server logs to collect information automatically on the Site. This information may include IP addresses, device identifiers, browser characteristics, operating system details, internet service provider details, language preferences, referring URLs, time and length of visits, and pages viewed.
These tools also may include GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering, and other location-aware technologies to locate you, sometimes precisely, for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content based on your location. Some features of the Services may not function properly if the availability or use of the location data is impaired or disabled.
The tracking technologies that may be used on the Site include:
“Web Beacons” are small electronic files known (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count visitors to the Site who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
“Log file information” is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a Site. When you use our Services, our servers (whether operated by us or a third-party) automatically record certain log file information. This information may contain such anonymous data as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, etc.
“Device identifiers” are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device. They uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by our Site. When you access the Services via a mobile device (i.e. a smartphone, tablet, etc.), we may access, collect, monitor, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers” such as a unique device identifier. A device identifier may remain persistently on the device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if the availability or use of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
“Cookies” are small data files stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies may allow a website to recognize a user’s device, record user preferences, track the pages a user clicks on while visiting the website, and identify the website visited immediately beforehand. Most web browsers accept cookies by default, but you may be able to adjust your browser settings to remove or reject cookies. Please note that blocking cookies may affect the availability and functionality of this Site and other websites. Also, disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that use cookies to recognize devices that have opted out.
We may combine certain automatically collected information with other information we obtain about you, which may include data we obtain from third parties.
Please note that we or third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different devices and online properties when you use the Site.
Your web browser may have settings that allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal when you visit various websites or use online services. Like many websites, the Site is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” signals, visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
We may use certain third-party web analytics services such as Google Analytics to help us understand and analyze how visitors use the Site and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. We have implemented Google Analytics Advertising features such as dynamic remarketing, interest-based advertising, audience targeting, behavioral reporting, demographics and interests reporting, user segment analysis, device reporting, display advertising, and video ads reporting. We and our vendors may use first-party cookies or other first-party identifiers as well as third-party cookies or other third-party identifiers to deliver advertisements, create a profile of you, measure your interests, detect your demographics, detect your location, detect your device, and personalize content.
For more information on how Google Analytics uses data collected through the Site, visit:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. To opt out of Google Analytics cookies, visit:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
and
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Please note that we do not control how other parties manage their opt-out processes.
Information About You Collected By Other Parties
GHLF may also obtain information about you from other sources, including service providers and third-party services, and combine that with GHLF-collected information, this Privacy Policy is not intended to limit GHLF’s activities regarding such third-party sourced, or non-Site-sourced, information, and such data will only be treated as GHLF-collected information to the extent it is combined with GHLF-collected information. GHLF is not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or for third-party policies or practices.
How We MAY USE the Personal information we collect
We may use your personal information in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you, including for the following purposes:
To provide products and services you request (such as when you sign up to receive our email newsletter);
To respond to requests, questions, and comments, and provide other types of use support;
To offer you products and marketing communications, or direct you to portions of the Site that we believe may interest you;
To serve advertising, content and offers to you based on your interests and online activities, from us or third parties;
To communicate about, and administer your participation in, events, programs, contests, and other offers or promotions;
To carry out, evaluate, and improve our business (which may include developing new features for the Site, analyzing and enhancing the user experience on the Site, assessing the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising, and managing out communications);
To perform data analytics regarding usage of the Site (including market and customer research, trend analysis and financial analysis);
To guard against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities; and
To comply with applicable legal requirements, law enforcement requests, and our company policies.
How we may share your personal information
Our agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers may have access to information we collect through the Site to carry out work on our behalf. Those parties are subject to confidentiality obligations and are restricted from using personal information collected through the Site for purposes other than to provide the requested assistance. In addition, we may share information:
With our affiliates for internal business purposes;
With third parties for marketing purposes, including social media networks, data management platforms, and other advertising technology providers; for example, we may match your email address with third parties with whom you have also consented to share your email address and use such match to deliver custom offers or emails to you on the Site and elsewhere online;
If we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena);
In response to requests from government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, including to meet national security requirements;
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;
With respect to analytics and statistical information, to inform advertisers about the nature of our user base;
In the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation). In such an event, we will seek to provide you with commercially reasonable notice, e.g., via email and/or notice on our website, of any change in ownership, incompatible new uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information; and
With your consent or at your discretion.
Social Features
The Site may permit you to interact with social media platforms operated by unaffiliated parties, for example, to “like” GHLF or to share content from the Site on those platforms (“Social Features”). If you choose to “like” or share content or post information using Social Features, that information may be publicly displayed, and the party operating the other platform may receive certain information about you and your use of the Site. Similarly, if you interact with us through Social Features (e.g., if you “like” or “follow” our page on another platform), we may have access to information about you from that platform. Please note that if you mention or comment about GHLF or our Site in your post on another platform, that platform may allow us to publish your post on our Site. In addition, we may receive information about you if a user on a social media platform gives us access to their profile and you are one of their connections, or information about you is otherwise accessible through that other user. You should review the terms, policies, and settings of these other platforms to learn more about their data practices and/or adjust your settings.
SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, AND SIMILAR PROMOTIONS
We may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles, and similar promotions (each, a “Promotion”) jointly sponsored or offered by third parties that may require submitting personal information. If you choose to participate in a Promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties as described in the terms applicable to that Promotion. Insofar as the terms applicable to a particular Promotion conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms applicable to the Promotion shall control.
YOUR CHOICES
Communications Preferences
By providing an email address on a GHLF Site, you agree that we may contact you to provide you with any Services-related notices or to provide you with email newsletters. We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you no longer wish to receive our email newsletter, you may unsubscribe using the link provided in each edition of the email or by sending us an email at info@ghlf.org.
Accessing, Reviewing & Changing Your Personal Information
Registered users can review and change certain personal information (e.g.,
name, address, telephone number, and email address
) at any time by accessing their account on the Site.
California SHINE THE LIGHT NOTICE
California’s “Shine the Light” law permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with Shine the Light by contacting us at info@ghlf.org or by sending a letter to: 515 N. Midland Ave, Upper Nyack, NY  10960, Attention: Legal Counsel. Any such request must include “California Shine The Light Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address.
LINKS from GHLF TO OTHER SITES
Occasionally we provide links on our Site to other sites we think you will enjoy. These sites operate independently of GHLF and have established their own privacy and security policies. GHLF does not have any control over, and is not responsible for, these sites’ privacy practices. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies on any site you visit.
how we protection personal information
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure, so we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Site.
INFORMATION FOR USERS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
We may, directly or indirectly, process, store, and transfer the information you provide to us. By submitting personal information through the Site to GHLF, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations that apply to your personal information transferred to the United States or other countries may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information online from individuals under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have obtained personal information from an individual under the age of 13, we will delete such information in accordance with applicable law.
Changes to this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at our discretion. We will indicate changes to the Privacy Policy by updating the “Effective Date” at the beginning of the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Site after any update to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
How to CONTACT US
For questions, comments or assistance, you may contact us:
Via e-mail:
info@ghlf.org
By writing to us:
Global Healthy Living Foundation
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
515 N. Midland Ave
Upper Nyack, NY  10960
Research for patients, by patients.
A Creakyjoints initiative.
Contact Us
(845) 348-0400
research@patientspot.org
Follow
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Get Started
Sign Up
Login
Get The App
PatientSpot registry infrastructure was funded through a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute Award (PCORI Contract Number PPRN-1306-04811). PatientSpot (formerly known as Arthritis Power) was jointly developed by the nonprofit Global Healthy Living Foundation (GHLF), its associated CreakyJoints arthritis patient community, and rheumatology researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB). We reserve the right to change and add sponsors and partner organizations and we also reserve the right to change placement of text on the page. Created by CreakyJoints® patient community in collaboration with patient advocates at Global Healthy Living Foundation (GHLF) and researchers at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB), Arthritis Power (now PatientSpot)’s past participation in PCORnet®, the National Patient-Centered Clinical Research Network, was supported through multiyear, multimillion-dollar Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute funding awards [PPRN-1306-04811]. Global Healthy Living Foundation (GHLF), the parent organization of PatientSpot, receives grants, sponsorships and contracts from pharmaceutical manufacturers and private foundations. A full list of GHLF funders is publicly available here:
https://www.ghlf.org/our-partners
.
POWERED BY
© Copyright 2024 PatientSpot
About
Video
Our Team
FAQ
Features
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps