By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies, which we use to analyse traffic and site performance in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
Read the End User License Agreement
here
.
Last Updated: June 27, 2018
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
At WCOMES, your privacy is a top priority. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We do not compromise with your privacy
. We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.
We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data
. Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!
We work hard to keep your information secure
. We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to WCOMES's Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking our time to read it!
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum.
2. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services operated by WCOMES. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" or "apps" in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we've added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It goes without saying, we can't help you have an awesome user experience without some information about you, such as your email address and password in some of our services. We also collect information generated as you use our services, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your Facebook account in Weather Live. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it.
Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
When you create an account in some of our services, you provide us with your login credentials, such as email address, name and password.
To use certain features in our services, you may allow us to access your camera or the microphone. Depending on your device, Apple and Android system will ask for your permission before allowing us to access these features.
Features that allow you to share content about your use of our services with your connections or through your social network.
We will also collect your Information when you use our app such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using our app, if such functionality is available in the app.
Your IP Address in our VPN app.
If you contact our support team, we collect the information you give us when you report a problem, contact or communicate with us. We do not connect this information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Social Media
You may be able to use your Facebook account to login to create an account. When you use this feature, we may receive any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook. This data may include your use of our app on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom you share our app. For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network or public forum provider collects, uses and shares your data, as well as how you can set your privacy preferences on their site or apps, please see their privacy policy.
Other Partners
• We may receive information about you from our partners, for instance where our ads are published on a partner's website or platform (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign's success).
• If you purchase a subscription in our apps, neither Google nor Apple provide us with any personal information of the subscription purchaser (like name, email or payment information). Only anonymized data gets passed to WCOMES.
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you've used, how you've used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, time spent in the app, features you've been using, advertising that you click on). We do not connect this information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
Movement Data
: If you opt-in, some services (e.g. WCOMES's sleep tracker app, Good Mornings) may collect movement data from your device.
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data. Some apps may collect this data when the app is not open or actively in use. This may help us or third parties to customize information, content, or offers to you, for instance.
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, app crashes, app version, advertising IDs (such as Google's AdvertisingID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
We do not connect this device information to your internet browsing activities through our VPN.
Our VPN app is intended to provide for secure and private internet browsing, to be used in accordance with all applicable laws. Any information that passes through our system through your use of our VPN will be used only in hashed and/or aggregated form to monitor ads and/or for research and analysis. Any browsing information relating to your online activities transmitted by you to our servers when you use VPN is not logged by our system.
4. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As described in Sections 3 and 5 of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile "SDK." The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
If you wish to opt out of interest-based tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device "settings", as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their "opt out" settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or "contextual" application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'. On an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling "Limit Ad Tracking" to 'ON'. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use your personal information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.
Opting Out on Android Devices
If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may do this as follows:
Open the Settings app on your device
Go to "Google"
Select Ads
Opt out of interest-based ads
More information on our use of cookies on our websites can be found in our
Cookie Policy
.
5. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Deliver our services to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you.
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
We use your email address, name, country and language for customized marketing purposes.
When we collect your precise geolocation data (subject to your consent) (which may be via the device's cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System (GPS) networks and/or Bluetooth information), we do so to provide you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location, and also to facilitate, measure, or otherwise support advertising by third parties (through our apps or third parties' apps) that may be related to your location over time.
Some of our apps may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the app you are using, and on the social media provider concerned, but may often include your name, e-mail address, mobile phone number and friends list. We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this Privacy Policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in the app you are using. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you see their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
If you have registered with an app using your social media account details, we may use the information we receive from your social media provider to identify which of your friends are also using our services so that you can connect with them in our app.
In some services, to ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various apps and devices you use, so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. This will allow us to form a single view of your use of our services, so you can easily access your content on multiple devices. For this purpose and better user experience generally, we may use and combine your personal information which we collect across different services used by you.
To improve our services and develop new ones
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new feature further to requests or feedback received from users).
In our VPN, monitor ads and/or for research and analysis in hashed and/or aggregated form.
WCOMES uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information which we gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any information which is provided to Google will become subject to Google's privacy policy which is located here:
www.google.com/privacy.html
. For further information on how Google's Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps", (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Conduct research and analysis of your behavior about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users' behavior). This software may record information such as how often you use the services, what happens within the services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the apps were downloaded from.
To communicate with you
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide you with information about services that you may find of interest. We also send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service availability or modification of key features or functions.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads' effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example – you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you personalized ads inside of our services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our
EULA
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you
: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service, we use your information to maintain your account and provide our cool features to you.
Legitimate interests
: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users' behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent
: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time where indicated in the services or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not sell, use, or disclose to third parties any data for any purpose.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at
appcobber@gmail.com
8. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old, or 16 years old in the EEA. If you are not over 13 years old (or 16 years old in the EEA) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA), please contact us at
appcobber@gmail.com
and we will promptly delete that personal information
9. YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points to remember:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
• Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
• Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
• Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
• Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honour such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
• Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider)
• Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at the address listed below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
10. CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Sharing of information sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. The United States, European Economic Area ("EEA") Member States, and other countries all have different laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live.
The European Commission has adopted standard contractual clauses (also known as Model Clauses), which provide safeguards for personal information that is transferred outside of the EEA. We use these Model Clauses or other suitable safeguards (such as EU-US Privacy Shield to send personal information to some of our third party service providers in the United States, where they are certified to receive such information under the
Privacy Shield Program
) to permit data transfers from the EEA to other countries.
11. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide the services to you. We will also retain and use your information to the extent necessary:
to comply with applicable law;
to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
if there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
if the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as enforcing our terms or fraud prevention. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for security incidents from opening a new account.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.
12. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Because we're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you enjoy our services, this policy may change over time. We will notify you of any material changes so that you have time to review the changes.
13. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
For our European users, our Data Protection Officer is responsible for ensuring your rights are respected and to review and oversee how we collect and use your personal information. They can be reached by contacting
appcobber@gmail.com
14. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here's how you can reach us:
Online:
appcobber@gmail.com
If you live in the EEA, you may also file a complaint with your local data protection regulator.
We have recently updated our policies and we are in the process of translating it into several languages. If you do not have an appropriate language option and you have any questions, please contact us.
END OF DOCUMENT.
© 2018 Wcomes Technologies Co., Limited® All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;