Turn on more accessible mode
Turn off more accessible mode
Book
Book a Flight
Book with Miles
Travel Insurance
Flight Schedule
Book a Hotel
Rent a Car
Maraheb Services
Offers
Manage
Modify or Upgrade
Online Check-in
Flight Status
Check-in Times
Just Upgrade
Home Check-in
Limousine
Baggage Delivery
NEW
Explore
North America
Europe
Middle East and Africa
Indian Sub-Continent
Far East
Experience
Services
Product
                      & Services
Onboard
                      Experience
Advance
                      Seat Selection
Inflight
                      Meals
BlueFi
Optional Services &
                      Fees
Inflight
                      Entertainment
Animals
                      On Board
Cargo
Baggage Information
Free
                      Baggage
Free Carry-on
                      Baggage
Excess Baggage Rates
Prepaid Excess
                      Baggage
Tracing
EU
                      Bio Security
                      Rules
opens an external link in a new
                        tab
Visa & Travel
Visa Information
EC Regulation
Prerequisite Forms
Summer or Winter Travel
About Kuwait Airways
Awards and Recognitions
Our Fleet
Our Partners
Safety Reporting
Security
                      Reporting
Help
Contact Us
Kuwait Airways
                  Offices
Frequenty Asked
                  Questions
Important Notifications
Covid-19 Updates
Site Map
Oasis Club
Club Benefits
Earn Miles
Redeem Miles
Partners
News & Promos
Contact Us
Holidays
opens an external link in a new tab
EN
عربي
EN
Get more on our app
Oasis ID:*
Password :*
Home
Legal
Privacy Policy
Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes how Kuwait Airways manage your personal information and respect your privacy. This policy may be amended from time to time. We encourage visitors and users of our sites to regularly review our Privacy Policy.
All
"Personal Information”
(which is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains) that we collect and maintain will ​be subject to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. You will be notified of these changes if they change significantly.​​
Our privacy policy applies to Kuwait Airways entity as a whole that acts as the controller or processor of your information that is collected via the following:
- Our websites such as
kuwaitairways.com
,
oasisclub.kuwaitairways.com
,
holidays.kuwaitairways.com
, or the mobile application.
- Our sales offices, travel agents
- Companies, or government entities requesting us for transport or holiday services.
Depending upon the activity, some of the information that we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory data with respect to a particular activity, you will not be able to engage in that activity.
If you have any questions, concerns, or requests about this privacy notice, how we manage your Personal Information, or any other issue relating to your Personal Information, you may write to:
Data Protection Officer (DPO),
Kuwait Airways (Head office),
Dajeej Area, Near Kuwait International Airport, Kuwait.
Data Collection and Processing
Any data we collect from you, are being shared for legitimate purposes, such as the following:
To other entities within Kuwait Airways to provide the required services.
To governments, border control agencies, regulators and others as permitted or required by law, in relation to Advance Passenger Information or such other legal requirements as applied from time to time when travelling to or from a particular country;
To customs and/or immigration departments or other regulatory authorities in your country of departure and/or destination (or countries you transit through or overfly during your journey) in order to comply with the law in those countries;
To third parties whose products or services you are purchasing such as airlines, tourism agencies, hotel and car hire companies, or to travel agents, including if there is a problem with your booking so that your travel agent can resolve it with you, and you acknowledge and consent that this may also be sensitive personal data;
To send you information relating to a product or service you have purchased to keep you informed about your booking and travel itinerary. In such a case, we will provide you with an option to discontinue sending you any information that you do not want to be sent.
Information We Collect
During the booking of your flight, we collect the information such as your name, birth date, passport number, passport expiry date, and email address.
When you make a payment, we collect your credit card number, date of expiry, and the CVC/CVV code.
When you want to register a complaint or provide recommendation, we collect your name, telephone number, and email address.
When you want to avail the Maraheb services, we collect your name, visa expiry date, passport number, telephone number, and email address.
Data captured in API/PNR France information system
As per the French legal framework (article L.237-7 paragraph III of Homeland Security Code), we, as the certified users of the API/PNR France information system, are required to transmit reservation, checking and boarding data collected from the passengers to the French national public services and competent authorities, for the purposes and under conditions as defined in the Decree N° 2014-1095 dated 26/09/2014, modified by decree 2018/714 dated August 3rd 2018.
Information relating to Oasis Club members
As an Oasis Club member, you are not required to provide any personal information unless you choose to make a purchase or sign up for one of our e-mail newsletters or other services as described below:
If you choose to become a member of the Oasis Club, you must provide your name, address, gender, country of citizenship, telephone number, e-mail address, civil ID (If you are a resident of Kuwait), passport/travel document details, relationship proof documents for family memberships. This information is collected on the registration form for several reasons including:
personal identification
to complete redemptions or accrual
to allow us to contact you for customer service purposes, if necessary
to customize the content of our site to meet your specific needs; and
to make product improvements to our site
In order to redeem travel through our site, you must provide us with certain personal information such as your Oasis membership number, name, telephone number, e-mail address and the name or names of the person(s) travelling (if not you). We require this information so that we can process, fulfil and confirm your reservations and transactions and keep you informed of each transaction status. If you are making a reservation for one or more travellers other than yourself, you will need to make sure that each of these travellers agree, in advance, that you may disclose their personal information to us.
As an Oasis Club member you will also occasionally receive updates from us about fare sales in your area, special offers, new Kuwait Airways services, and other noteworthy items. Oasis Club newsletters and E-statement service are benefits you may choose to subscribe to keep you updated with the latest special developments at Kuwait Airways, Oasis Club and/or its partners.
Purpose and Usage of Information
The information that we collect is being used for the following purposes:
To fulfil our agreement with you and/or dealing with your booking or intended booking, including processing your booking, sending you your itinerary or other details relating to your booking, or contacting you if there is a problem with your booking (for example by sending you a service message to inform you when your booking has not been completed)
Managing your wider travel and products or services requirements, for example liaising with and transferring your data to other airlines, service providers and/or travel facilitators so that they can facilitate your travel arrangements so any disruption can be minimised
Personalisation of the service you receive, for example being aware of previous travel experiences or preferences, and tailoring the way we provide our products or services to you based on your preferences and profile
Providing Advanced Passenger Information for passengers landing in certain countries. If you do not provide this information we may not be able to provide travel
Sharing data with loyalty schemes and operators, including Oasis Club and Holidays
The provision of access to our lounges, and other airport products or services
Interaction with you at different touch points throughout your journey (for example we may inform you that your flight departure has changed)
We may use location data for our mobile website and mobile app to enable us to provide the most helpful format and content (for example pre-populating the departure airport, airport codes and payment country) providing that you have agreed to the use of your location data
To answer any queries which you may send to us by email or other forms of communication, and we may keep a record of these contacts including call recordings (to the extent permitted by applicable law);
In order to conduct customer satisfaction surveys and improve the products and services we offer or create new products and services;
To meet our legal compliance obligations or for accounting or audit purposes, including the prevention of fraud for online payments and use of loyalty schemes;
To protect our property, rights, and interests as well as the property, rights, and interests of other persons;
For legal purposes, such as to respond to a valid legal subpoena or regulatory order;
For credit checking and credit scoring purposes;
For crime prevention and detection;
To send you information about products or promotion you may authorise or consent to.
For operational reasons, we transfer personal information to service providers who help us manage our systems and processes, and to deliver our products or services to users. These may include: banks and payment card verification providers, our data warehouse and customer relationship management centre, marketing organisations (who may provide support for marketing and promotional communications); internet service providers who administer our Platforms and provide internet services and host our facilities; chauffeurs, airport ground handling and assistance teams, car services agencies, IT service providers, and consumer research companies that assist us with understanding consumer interests by conducting surveys. We have implemented safeguards to ensure that our service providers treat personal information in a way that is consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement and applicable laws, and that it is not used except to fulfil products or services to us or where we believe it is necessary for a legitimate reason connected with the products or services we offer.
These service providers and group companies may be located in your country, countries in the European Economic Area, in Kuwait or elsewhere in the world. Different privacy laws may apply in these countries.
Data Retention and Your Consent
In order to protect the personal information you share with us, we have implemented relevant technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. We invest significant resources to protect your personal information, from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. If there is any unauthorised or unintended access of your information that is beyond our control, we do not claim responsibility for the same, but we would look for measures to protect it after thorough investigation.
We keep records for as long as required to manage bookings and provide the other relevant products or services anticipated by this Privacy Policy, including keeping you up-to-date with our marketing, and where we are required to by law or for records purposes. We also retain your information to make your future interactions with us convenient and to personalise the products, services and communications with you.
By choosing to provide us with your personal information you are consenting to its use in accordance with the principles outlined in this Privacy Statement and as outlined at the time you are asked to provide any personal information. We at Kuwait Airways may contact you by phone, email, SMS and mobile device messages or notifications based on your consent in order to provide you with updates pertaining to our products or services as well as information about additional offers, products, services or events that we believe may be of interest to you.
You do not have to provide us with your personal information. However, if you choose not to provide certain personal information we request and/or require or consent to its use and disclosure, you will still be able to visit our Platforms but you may be unable to access certain options, products or services, and in some cases we may not be able to fulfil your booking.
All marketing communications we send to you will provide you with a way to withdraw your consent to future marketing. If you no longer wish to receive promotional materials you may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link. To opt out of mobile device messages you may turn off notifications for the relevant Kuwait Airways application.
Please note that if you unsubscribe from marketing communications you will still receive operational and service messages from us regarding your booking and responses to your enquiries made to us, and that we may hold your details on a suppression list so we don't send you marketing communications in the future.
Securing your data
All personal information you provide on our website is transmitted using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us.
Whenever our website links to any third-party websites, you must be aware that you are entering a domain over which Kuwait Airways has no control over. In such cases, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of such third-party websites before you embark on purchasing any of their services.
Usage of Cookies
At the time when you launch our web application, a small computer file is downloaded to your device, which is known as a “cookie”. It collects information as to how you navigate our Platforms and the internet, and helps us to provide better Platform services to you and tailor certain content. For more information on how we use cookies, please read our
Cookie Policy,
where you can also find information so you can delete cookies or block certain types of cookie. You should note that this may have an impact on our ability to provide the Platform services to you.
Contact Us
For more information on our Privacy Policy, or matters related to the same, you may contact our following personnel:
Data Protection Officer (DPO),
Kuwait Airways (Head office),
Dajeej Area, Near Kuwait International Airport, Kuwait.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. For more details, read our
    updated
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
Accept Cookies