Updated Jan 1, 2023
The Times of Israel (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.timesofisrael.com website and the Times of Israel mobile applications (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions:
Service
Service means the https://www.timesofisrael.com website and the Times of Israel mobile application operated by The Times of Israel
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected:
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
Location
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
The Times of Israel uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides certain rights for California consumers. If you are a consumer residing in California, the following additional terms apply to you.
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, known as CCPA, provides certain protections & rights for California consumers.
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information to you about our collection of personal information over the past 12 month period. To submit a verifiable request please contact privacy@timesofisrael.com or call us at +972-2-648-1205. We will contact you within 45 days for California specific requests.
Right to Know About Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold
If you have an account with us, we will verify the request by confirming the email address used to make the request is the same as the email address on file for the account. If you do not have an account with us, we will verify the request by sending an email to the email address used to make the request. We may ask for additional information reasonably related to the request to verify the request.
Collection of Personal Information
The categories of California consumers’ Personal Information we may collect are listed above. We may collect Personal Details, Demographic Information, Contact Details, Consent Records, Location Information, Purchase and Payment Details, Employer Details, Views and Opinions. We also collect other kinds of information from you or other sources, which we refer to as “Other Information” in this Policy. This may include, but is not limited to, information about your use of, visits to and interaction and engagement with the Services, content and ads on Channels, all of which may be aggregated; browsing history; and searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as merchants and offers contained in the Services.
We may collect California consumers’ Personal Information from the sources listed above. This may be: Data You Provide; Relationship Data; Data You Make Public; Service Data; Content and Advertising Information; Third Party Information. We may obtain personal information from the following sources as defined in Section 2 (“What Categories of Information We Process”): GeoIP Data; ID; IDFA; IP address; ISP; SSID; IMSI; IMEI; Log files; Web Beacons; Pixel Tags; Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5, and equivalents.
We use this data for the purposes listed above or for Direct Marketing as outlined above.
Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information
We may and may have disclosed or sold the categories of Personal Information listed in above for a business or commercial purpose.
We may and may have disclosed Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose:
other entities within the Company group for a legitimate business purpose such as operating the Services and providing the Services to you;
third party Processors for the purpose of providing the Services to you;
third party providers where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content; third party providers to assist with the collection, storage and segmentation of Online Data. These third party providers may collect User Information from our Services for their own purposes, including but not limited to, monitoring fraud around the web;
third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID, and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User Information about you received from Times of Israel with information about you from other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
We may have disclosed or sold Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for a business purpose or a commercial purpose:
third party providers where our Services use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, information about your activities on the Services and Channels to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests may be shared with the relevant third party provider. If you click or tap on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria;
third parties for the purpose of recognizing our users and delivering interest-based content and advertisements to them. We may share your User Information with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier. Our partners may also: (i) collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, advertising ID, and information about your browser or operating system; (ii) combine User Information about you received from Times of Israel with information about you from other sites or services; and (iii) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser;
third parties such as advertisers who will use Online Data to serve ads that they believe are relevant to your interests, and who agree to maintain the confidentiality of this information. Some of these third parties may combine the Online Data with their own data about you to form a more detailed picture;
third party partners such as marketing and advertising companies and agencies, content publishers, retailers, third party providers of goods and services; or service providers whose services are embedded into and/or appear within the Services when you use a co-branded service (a service operated with a partner of Times of Israel), or register or otherwise provide information on such co-branded site. This information is only passed on if and when you grant us permission to pass the collected information back to that third party;
Any sponsors’ registration data for such events is to be used by us as part of User Information, and may be shared with the sponsor and others, subject to this Policy and the sponsor’s privacy policy.
third party providers of goods and services on a rental or other basis for some of our Services when information (such as the name of our users, their mailing address, phone number, email address) is provided in connection with marketing campaigns and site placements.
The Services are not intended for use by minors. We do not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request deletion of Personal Information collected or maintained by us. To do so, please contact us at privacy@timesofisrael.com . If submitting a request by email, we may ask for additional information to verify your request.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information by a business. To do so, please submit a request via privacy@timesofisrael.com. If submitting a request by email, we may ask for additional information to verify your request.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Authorized Agent
To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on a consumer’s behalf, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer to privacy@timesofisrael.com.
Retention of Data
The Times of Israel will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Times of Israel will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Israel and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Israel and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
The Times of Israel will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, The Times of Israel may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
The Times of Israel may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of The Times of Israel
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. The Times of Israel aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where The Times of Israel relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Privacy settings
International data transfers
Data we collect may be transferred to, stored and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our Times of Israel’s service providers are based or have facilities. While other countries or territories may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home country, we will continue to protect personal data that we transfer in line with this privacy policy.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure similar protection and put in place at least one of these safeguards:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been found to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
We may also use specific approved contracts that use Standard Contractual Clauses for the protection of personal data where appropriate, with our service providers that are based in countries outside the EEA, including those based in the US and Australia. These contracts give your personal data the same protection it has in the EEA.
If you are located in the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place for the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA.
How long we keep your personal data
We keep your personal data for only as long as we need to. How long we need your personal data depends on what we are using it for, as set out in this privacy policy. For example, we may need to use it to answer your queries about a product or service and as a result may keep personal data while you are still using our product or services. We may also need to keep your personal data for accounting purposes, for example, where you have bought a subscription. If we no longer need your data, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you. If we have asked for your permission to process your personal data and we have no other lawful grounds to continue with that processing, and you withdraw your permission, we will delete your personal data. However, when you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
LiveRamp
When you frequent The Times of Israel site, we share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt out of this use, please click
here
Google AdSense DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit the Privacy Policy of Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Behavioral Remarketing
The Times of Israel uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: https://www.timesofisrael.com/contact/
By phone number: +972-2-648-1205
By mail: 4 Washington Street, Jerusalem 9418704, Israel
We use cookies and other data collection technologies to provide the best experience for our customers. You may request that your data not be shared with third parties here:
Do Not Sell My Information
.
See Also:
About The Times of Israel and its staff
Advertise on The Times of Israel
Become a local partner of Times of Israel
Jobs at The Times of Israel