Heart Analyzer
Privacy Policy
Heart Analyzer is designed around privacy. All Health data accessed by the app remains within the app at all times. No Health data is ever modified and all app data is removed when it is uninstalled. The app never uses the Internet for anything including data transfers. No information is collected about any individual users. No information about you or any app users is shared with others. Please contact Helix Apps LTD with any questions or concerns about anything app related including privacy.
Health Hive
Privacy Policy
Health Hive is designed to give you insight into your Health data by letting you compare with other. This inherent design has required the app model to be structured carefully.
No specific Health data points are uploaded from your device, only metrics derived from the Health data values
An example of this could be the users Resting Heart Rate. This is calculated using an algorithm in Health Hive based on various Health sample points from the previous 30 days and associated metadata. The Health Sample points themselves or their metadata are not uploaded to the Hive.
Sign in with Apple is used only to generate a unique token for your devices
Version 3 of Health Hive added Sign in with Apple which allows the Hive to match users across their Apple devices such as iPhone and iPad when they are signed in to the same Apple ID. This prevents duplicate Health profiles and allows users to delete their Health profile on any device should they need to.
All submitted Health profiles are anonymous with no Personal Data
Details such as a user’s name and address are never even read locally by Health Hive. The user’s date of birth is accessed on device but this is simply to generate the user’s age in years which is uploaded as part of their Health profile.
A user may delete their profile from the Health Hive server at any time in the app
As this Health profile contains no Personal Data, GDPR does not apply. However, to ensure maximum compliance with Right To Forget and various other global regulation and also to improve user experience, the option is always available for a user to remove their Health profile from the Hive. This can be done in the Settings section of the app selecting the Delete Profile option.
If a user has deleted the Health Hive app from their device without removing their profile, they can contact Helix Apps LTD to request it be removed
In the event that you wish to remove your Health profile from the Hive database but no longer have the Health Hive app installed or no longer have access to it, contact Helix Apps LTD via Simon@HelixApps.co.uk and assistance will be provided to ensure all data is removed.
No information about you or any app users is shared with others. Please contact Helix Apps LTD with any questions or concerns about anything app related including privacy.