Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 06/10/2022
Accent Group Limited (us, we, our) (ABN 85 108 096 251) and its related entities maintain a policy of strict confidence concerning your (you, your) personal information that you share with us instore, or by using our websites and other online applications or platforms (Privacy Policy).
This Privacy Policy has been developed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (including the Australian Privacy Principles) and the New Zealand Privacy Act 2020 (including the Information Privacy Principles) (together, Privacy Laws). This Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, use and disclosure by us of your personal information. By accessing
this website
you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to information provided to us whether via this Site or any other means such as in our stores and demonstrates how we will comply with the Privacy Laws. Although we will comply with this Privacy Policy in respect of information provided to us by persons under the age of 18 years, those persons must obtain the consent of a parent or guardian prior to using the website and the parent or guardian will be responsible for appropriately supervising the person's use of the Site.
If you have any further questions or if you wish to receive more information on our information practices and Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer see contact details below under “How to contact us”.
Our Privacy Collection Statement
Under the Australian Privacy Principles, we are required to make you aware of certain matters on collection of your information. This Policy incorporates our Privacy Collection Statement, as it addresses all of these matters:
our identity and contact details;
the facts and circumstances, and the purposes, of collection of personal information;
the consequences for you if personal information is not collected;
other entities, bodies or persons to which personal information is usually disclosed;
information about access and correction of, and how you may complain about the way we handle, your personal information; and
cross-border disclosures of personal information.
COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect the following information from you either from our website, online apps or platforms, or if you provide it to us in store:
your name and contact details, such as address and phone number;
some personal details such as date of birth and gender;
the name of the domain from which you access the internet;
the date and time you access our website;
the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site; and
other information that you may supply to us.
We also collect information about visitors to this website using cookies and other identification technologies (e.g. through code embedded in this website, or through code embedded in your browser’s local storage – see section on “cookies and other identification technologies” below).
We may also collect personal information from third parties or publicly available sources of information. All personal information that we collect, is reasonably necessary for the provision of our goods and services to our customers and for the purposes of marketing communications.
When we conduct market research and profiling, we may also ask you for your opinions about your shopping preferences, websites and customer service.
Our purpose in collecting personal information about you is for the purposes of fulfilling your order, conducting business with you, and providing you with a better web and shopping experience.
In seeking to give you the most worthwhile online experience possible, we may notify you of products and special offers that may be of interest to you. We may also provide value-added services and offers. This information helps us better understand the products and services most helpful to you.
We will not collect personal information unless the information is reasonably necessary for or directly related to one, or more of our functions or activities. If we are unable to collect personal information we reasonably require, we may not be able to do business with you or the organisation with which you are connected.
If someone other than you provides us with personal information about you that we did not ask for, we will notify you as soon as practicable, unless we receive it with your consent. This notice will be given unless to do so would be in breach of an obligation of confidence. If we could not have collected this personal information, we will lawfully de-identify or destroy that personal information.
CONTACT US FORMS
When you complete a contact us form on our website, other application or platform, you are asked to provide certain information about yourself. This information includes your name, address, email address, phone number and any comments you might have. We use this information to assist your enquiry and learn more about our customers, so we can provide you with the content and feedback information most relevant to you. Once you submit a contact us form you are no longer anonymous to us.
COOKIES & OTHER IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements.
We use cookies and other identification technologies on our Site for a number of purposes, including: to identify, customise and deliver content such as advertisements, promotions or offerings of greatest interest to you, gather statistical information and better understand individual use. In certain cases, we share this information with third parties to assist us in this process. These technologies may involve placing and using data in your browser or system’s local storage.  Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and similar technologies may also be used by us or our third party service providers to measure the success of marketing campaigns and compile statistics about communications and site usage.
Furthermore, and as is common practice, we may identify and compile information concerning your IP address (a number automatically assigned to your device by your internet service provider) which helps us to calculate site usage levels, diagnose technical problems and administer our websites and other applications or platforms.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept or enable our use of cookies and other identification technologies. You can do this by configuring your computer so that it disables cookies or does not accept them and by clearing your local cache or browsing history. For further information about cookies, including information setting out how to view the cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, you can visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
USE & DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with our goods and services, and for other purposes that you would reasonably expect us to use that information such as marketing communications. This includes sending you information about new developments, products, services and offers by post, telephone or electronic communication. You authorise us to use your address or other contact information that you provide to us for this purpose.
We may share your personal information between different departments of Accent, across different brands of Accent, with Accent group companies (including our parent company, subsidiaries and global affiliates) and with third parties such as (but not limited to) marketing agencies who assist us with our promotional, marketing and research activities. We may also give your information including your name, e-mail, telephone number or postal addresses to a fulfilment house, retailer or distributor of our products in order to carry out your requests.
We may share your personal information with companies or individuals that provide us with services. These services may include, among other things:
Couriers (who delivered goods to you on our behalf);
Payment or banking organizations who carry out credit, fraud and other security checks; and
Outsourced service providers (e.g. marketing agencies)
We may be required to disclose information under exceptional circumstances such as when there are grounds to believe that the disclosure is necessary to prevent a threat to life or health, or for law enforcement purposes.
We participate in interest-based (on-line behaviour) advertising. This means that a third party may use technology, such as a cookie on your browser or a web beacon, to identify you on our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. You may see advertising on our website or apps tailored to how you browse or shop, or you may see advertising for our or other Accent Group products on other websites or apps based on your browsing behaviour.
We may share non-personal information with other third parties that are not described above. When we do so we may aggregate or de-identify the information so that a third party would not be likely to link data to you, your computer, or your device.
DIRECT MARKETING
We may use personal information about you for the primary purpose of providing you with our services, and for other purposes for which you would reasonably expect us to use that information. This includes sending you information about new developments, products, services and special offers by post, telephone or any form of electronic communication including SMS. You authorise us to use any email address or other contact information you provide to us at any time for this purpose.
You can, at any time, opt out of receiving marketing material by contacting us. You agree and acknowledge that even if you opt out of receiving marketing material, we will still send you essential information that we are legally required to send you relating to the goods and services we provide. Once you opt out of receiving marketing material from us, you agree and acknowledge that this removal from our distribution lists may take several business days after the date of your request for removal.
If you wish to withdraw your consent for us to send you marketing communications, you can do this as follows:
to withdraw consent for marketing emails - by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ or otherwise following the steps provided in the email;
to withdraw consent for marketing SMS - by following the steps provided in the SMS; or
by contacting us (go to the ‘CONTACTING US’ section of this Privacy Policy).
Once we receive notification that you wish to withdraw your consent for receiving marketing communications, it may take up to five (5) business days for your withdrawal to be reflected in our systems.  Please note you may still receive marketing communications during this period.
If you withdraw your consent to receive marketing communications through a specific communication mode (e.g. SMS) we may still contact you via other communication modes you have subscribed to (e.g. email).
ACCURACY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information held by us is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. If you believe that any of your personal information is not accurate, up-to-date, complete or relevant, or that it may be misleading, please contact us (see below) and we will take all reasonable steps to correct your personal information within a reasonable time.
THIRD PARTIES & YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect, store, use or disclose your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy unless we are required by law to protect our rights or property (or those of any third party), or to avoid injury to any person.
Although the website or other app may link directly to websites or apps operated by third parties (Linked Sites), you acknowledge that Linked Sites are not operated by us. We encourage you to always read the applicable privacy policy of any Linked Site on entering the Linked Site. We are not responsible for the content or practices of the Linked Sites nor their privacy policies regarding the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Vii Pty Ltd provides the Accent Group Gift Card Services including the operation of this Website and fulfilment of your Order as well as associated services to you in an agency capacity acting on behalf of Glue Store. In order to do this, Vii Pty Ltd and its related bodies corporate are required to collect your personal information (such as your name, address, contact details and order information) when you use this website or otherwise deal with us in relation to your Gift Card orders and requirements.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION OVERSEAS
We may transfer your personal information to people in foreign countries to fulfil our business purposes, for example for the purposes of processing. By providing your personal information you consent to this transfer.
YOUR CONSENT
By giving us your information to sign up to our loyalty program in store, or through your use of the website, other applications or platforms, you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as otherwise permitted under the Privacy Laws.
STORAGE & SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will use all reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information in a secure environment, however, this security cannot be guaranteed. We have put in place various methods including firewalls, pass worded access and encryption software to ensure your personal information is not subject to misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
If we no longer need your personal information, unless we are required under Australian or New Zealand law or a court or tribunal order to retain it, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify your personal information in accordance with our document retention policy.
Information collected through employment applications
In processing applications for employment, we collect resumes, references, certificates of graduation and qualification and other personal information about candidates. We may also provide your application to a recruitment agency or contractor that may assist in reviewing applications we receive.
Letters and resumes sent to us as part of an application for an advertised position, or sent to ascertain whether any positions are available, will be used to match applicants with available opportunities. If we consider that your application may be suitable to our current requirements, we, or a party acting on our behalf, will notify you and may also contact persons nominated by you as referees and ask them questions in relation to you. If your application is not suitable for our current requirements, but we feel that there may be a position for you in the future, we may keep a record of your application and contact you again if a suitable position becomes available. Please advise us if you prefer that we do not retain your information for this purpose.
VARIATION
We may vary the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. You should check this Privacy Policy regularly so that you are aware of any variations. You will be deemed to have consented to such variations by your continued use of the website, online apps, platforms or continued subscription to our marketing communications or loyalty programs, following such changes being made.
ACCESS, UPDATE OR CORRECT INFORMATION
Should you wish to access, update or correct personal information supplied to us, you may contact our Privacy Officer using one of the methods set out below under “How to contact us”.
There is no cost to request or update your information but we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover our costs in locating and extracting that information to supply it to you. You have the option to either not identify yourself or to use a pseudonym when you contact us, unless it is impractical for us to communicate with you in that manner or if we are required or authorised under Australian or New Zealand law, or a court or tribunal order, to deal with individuals who have identified themselves.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact us by sending an inquiry to:
Privacy Officer
Accent Group Limited
2/64 Balmain Street, Cremorne VIC 3121
or
via our website contact form available
here.
COMPLAINTS AND FURTHER INFORMATION
If you believe we have breached your privacy and would like to make a complaint, or you have any feedback, questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us using the contact information above. If you are making a complaint, please provide details of any specific incident so that our Privacy Officer can fully investigate the complaint.
Once the Privacy Officer receives a complaint they will commence an investigation with the relevant business unit. We may contact you to discuss your concerns and outline options about how they may be resolved. We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in a timely and appropriate manner, and will treat your complaints confidentially. We will contact you to inform you of the outcome of the investigation.  If a breach is found, the Privacy Officer will work with our management so that the process can be rectified to prevent any further breaches from taking place.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint or if you feel your privacy has been breached, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC). The OAIC can be contacted at either www.oaic.gov.au or by calling 1300 363 992.