We use cookies to deliver the best experience. By using our site, you agree to our cookie policy.
Find out more here →
Decline
Got it
TripShot Privacy Policy
Updated: 2022
Reviewed: 2024
TripShot, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) values the privacy of individuals who use our application, websites, and related services (collectively, our “Services”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from users of our Services (“Users”). By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our Terms of Service (
https://www.tripshot.com/terms-of-service
).
Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
Information You Provide to Us.
Registration and Profile Information.
If you sign up for an account, register to use our Services, sign up for notifications or updates, or participate in our surveys, we ask you for your name and email address.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support Team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. If you choose to provide feedback on the Services, we will receive any comments you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. If you apply through LinkedIn, we will collect the information you make available to us through LinkedIn or online services like it.
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.
Location Information.
When you use certain Services, we receive your precise location information. We use your location information for the purpose of coordinating your use of the Services. We also receive information about when you board and offboard a trip and the location of the vehicle at those times. We may also infer your general location information, for example by using your internet protocol (IP) address.
Device Information.
When you use certain Services, we receive your precise location information. We use your location information for the purpose of coordinating your use of the Services. We also receive information about when you board and offboard a trip and the location of the vehicle at those times. We may also infer your general location information, for example by using your internet protocol (IP) address.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, purchases you make, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.
Please review your web browser’s “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
Information from third-party services.
If our Services are integrated into a third-party account, such as an authentication provider used by your employer, we may receive information about you from that third party.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support Team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. If you choose to provide feedback on the Services, we will receive any comments you choose to provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Services.
Careers.
If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. If you apply through LinkedIn, we will collect the information you make available to us through LinkedIn or online services like it.
Payment Information.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect:
provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;
personalize your experience on our Services such as by providing tailored content and recommendations;
understand and analyze how you use our Services and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our Services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications;
generate anonymized, aggregate data containing only de-identified, non-personal information;
send you text messages and push notifications;
facilitate transactions and payments;
find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
compliance purposes, including enforcing our TOS or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
How We Share the Information We Collect
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
Third-party App Integrations.
If you connect a third-party application to our Services, we may share information with that third-party for purposes of providing the Services.
Employers and Transportation Providers.
If your account is established through your employer, we may share information with your employer related to use of the Services. We may also share information we receive with third parties who provide transportation services in order to provide you the Services. If you choose to contact your third-party driver by phone using the Services, we will connect you and your phone number will be visible to the driver.
Analytics Partners.
If you make a purchase through our Services, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Advertising Partners.
We may use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view and the dates and times of your visits.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent.
We may also disclose your information with your permission.
Your Choices
Location Information.
You can prevent your device from sharing precise location information at any time through your device’s operating system settings. However, location may be required in some instances to effectively use our Services and without it, you may not be able to successfully use all or a portion of our Services.
Marketing Communications.
You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
Third Parties
Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
privacy@tripshot.com
.
International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use Services from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Request Data Deletion, Update Your Information or Pose a Question
You can update your account and profile information through your profile settings. If you have questions about your privacy on Services or this privacy policy, or wish TripShot to delete your data, please contact us at
privacy@tripshot.com
. Include your username and the url used to access TripShot in your email.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through Services, we will notify you through Services, by email, or other communication.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
privacy@tripshot.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps