Travelex Privacy Statement
Trust is our currency
We respect the privacy of the information you share with us and want you to be confident that we treat it with care. Protecting your information and being transparent about how we use it is at the core of our privacy programme.
Our Privacy statement tells you in clear language what information we collect from you, why we need it, what we do with it and how we look after it.
Who we are
By 'Travelex' 'we' or 'us' or 'our', we mean Travelex Foreign Coin Services Limited (for Travelex in-store and online currency services, our app, or our ATMs) or Travelex Agency Services Limited (for currency services that we provide on behalf of our partners as described in 'Who we share your data with' below).
See 'Contact' at the end of this Privacy statement for details of how to get in touch.
Who is this statement for?
Customers of Travelex branded products
When you use our foreign currency exchange services via our network of friendly travel money bureaux, via our app, website or ATMs, or sign up to our marketing communications, this Privacy statement will apply. For our branded products, Travelex is classed as the 'data controller' for information we hold about you.
Customers of our partner branded currency services
We also provide currency exchange services on behalf our partners, like banks or supermarkets. Depending on the type of service, we may be the data controller or data processor of your information. Where we are a processor, our partners are the data controllers of any information we are obliged to share with them, such as loyalty card numbers. This means their privacy statements will apply to your information. You can learn more from the privacy statements on their websites. See 'Who we share your data with' for details.
Travelex Money Card Customers
When you register a Travelex Money card, Travelex, the card Issuer and MPMS use your data to provide the card services to you. If you are a Travelex Money Card customer this statement applies to the data that Travelex processes. To see how MPMS uses your information, please
click here
to view additional information for your Travelex Money Card account and a handy contacts guide.
What data we collect
Personal data, or personal information, means any information that identifies you as an individual. It does not include anonymous data, which cannot be linked back to you.
We collect your personal information when:
you purchase or use Travelex branded products, or products we provide under the branding of our partners (“Travelex Services”). Dependant on how the services are provided to you, the partner's Privacy statement may also apply.
you consent to cookies (to see our cookie statement and adjust your settings
click here
);
you use our app, or services we provide in our partners' apps;
you obtain services from our bureaux de change, by either using our online Click and Collect service or by walking in to one of our stores;
you use our self-service kiosks or our smart-ATMs;
you get in touch with our customer services via phone, email, live chat, SMS or social media;
Show More Information
Information you give us
You give us information about yourself when you purchase or use Travelex Services or partner branded services.
For example, when you:
communicate with us (in writing, by phone, via social media or by any other means),
enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys,
sign up for marketing communications or register for loyalty schemes offered by us.
use our app.
If you purchase any Travelex Services, we will collect information from you that will enable us to complete your transaction.
Information we collect automatically
Travelex also collects certain information about you by automated means, such as cookies if you opt into receiving them, when you visit our Sites, or when you use the Travelex Services or app.
When you download our mobile app or access our services from a mobile device we may collect personal information from you such as, your name, email address, username, password, mobile device information and system (for example android or IOS), and your geo-location.
Dependant on your marketing and cookies preferences and your geo-location settings, we may present and display to you in the app targeted marketing and advertising messages or collect information about how you use the app in order to improve app performance and our digital online services.
We use the information we collect automatically:
to administer our Sites for internal operations like troubleshooting;
to ensure that content from our Sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and your devices;
as part of our effort to keep your information and our Sites safe and secure
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Sites about goods or services that may interest you or them.
to establish communication that allows you to give feedback and/or reviews on Travelex services.
When you visit our premises such as at our bureaux de change stores and ATMs , we may collect CCTV images of you for the prevention and detection of crime and public safety.
Information we receive from third parties
We also receive information from third parties (including publicly available information). This information includes:
Information about you from other members of the
Travelex Group Companies
,
other sources with whom Travelex work closely to provide the Travelex Services to you (including Travelex partners, third party payment and delivery service providers, advertising networks, analytics providers,
identity verification services, credit reference agencies, fraud prevention services and social media platforms).
What we use your information for
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to, in order to provide the Travelex Services that you may request, to improve your customer experience and the quality of the Travelex Services. In some instances, we use this information to send you relevant marketing communications if you have chosen to receive them.
Show More Information
To provide a requested service or fulfil our contract with you
collecting payment, processing and fulfilling your order and otherwise providing you with the information and Travelex Services you request from us;
providing you with any alerts, in-app messages or other messages, and newsletters that you have registered to receive;
when we partner with other organisations to provide a particular Travelex Service (these partners will be identified to you at the time of the provision of the relevant Travelex Service e.g. when you visit the partner website or bureaux de change);
providing you with service messages which tell you about changes to Travelex Services or to our terms, conditions and policies;
enforcing any contract between you and us for the provision of Travelex Services.
Where we have your consent
contacting you (including by email, social media or SMS) with marketing messages according to your preferences.
contacting you via email with short surveys, according to your preferences;
when you are using a mobile device (such as mobile phone, tablet or wearable device), we may use your precise geo-location to provide you with location-based services and provide you with targeted advertisements. You can control your geo-location settings within the app or your mobile device settings;
enabling us and third-party websites to display relevant and targeted advertisements, based on previous behaviour, purchases, or any other relevant information;
emailing you an e-receipt for your purchase if you choose to receive one;
collecting your marketing preferences and sharing these with a Travelex Partner where you use our partner branded services.
Where we have a legitimate interest
analysis and research to allow us to help make the Travelex Services personalised and relevant, as well as to develop our Travelex Services.
sharing any loyalty card number you have provided to us, with the providers of the loyalty scheme, in order for you to receive points, where you have already consented to this with the loyalty scheme provider;
Travelex carries out direct marketing from business to business (B2B) if you engage with us in your professional capacity (for example: if you represent a company with whom Travelex have an existing or prospective business relationship). We may keep B2B customers up to date with services we offer/provide, but you will have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time. To see how you can exercise your right to opt out, see the sections on 'How to opt out' below.
Note that where we rely on legitimate interests for processing your information, we carry out a 'balancing test' to ensure that our interests are not outweighed by your fundamental rights of privacy. More information on such balancing tests is available from Travelex on request.
Where we have a legal obligation
to notify you about changes to Travelex Services and send you other administrative information;
we may check the information you have provided to us to confirm your identity and to combat fraud. This is to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations (including fraud prevention, anti-money laundering and sanction screening).
Customer Surveys
Travelex may contact you via email to invite you to review any service and/or products you receive from us in order to collect your feedback and improve our services and products (the “purpose”). If you choose to provide a review, Travelex may use it for advertising and promotional material.
Show More Information
We use an external company, Trustpilot A/S (“Trustpilot”) to collect your feedback which means that we will share your name, email and reference number with Trustpilot for the purpose. By registering with Trustpilot, they will become the data controller of the personal information you have given them. You may edit your reviews and account information at any time on the Trustpilot site. If you want to read more about how Trustpilot process your data, you can find their Privacy Policy
here
.
Effective Communications
When you open one of our marketing emails or click on a link, a tiny piece of code within the email, known as a pixel, sends this information back to our servers. We use these details solely to check that our emails are delivered to the right person and measure the effectiveness of our communications to you.
You can choose to block these pixels by stopping the download of images within your email provider's settings or preferences, using your browser and device 'do not track' settings, or via a virtual private network (VPN). Find more information
here
.
Who we share your data with
We only share your information with Travelex Group Companies and with other companies in the limited circumstances set out below, for specific purposes. We do not sell your information.
Even where shared, we ensure your information will only be used for the purposes outlined in this statement:
Show More Information
In the event that our business is acquired by a third party, or we enter into any kind of merger or other acquisition type, your information where required would be shared with the relevant party. We will notify you of this through the most appropriate means.
We may also share your information with businesses that we partner with to offer Travelex Services under that partner's branding (e.g. featuring their logos and via their websites or bureaux de change). They may only market their own products or services to you if you consent that they can do so). Travelex may be the 'Data Controller' of the personal data you provide when using these services (which means we determine how personal data is used) or 'Data Processor' (which means we act on the written instructions of that partner on how to use personal data) of this data. The relationship will be indicated to you via the privacy policy available at the partner's website or partner-branded bureaux de change.
Our partners include:
Supermarket chains;
Banks and building societies;
Airports and airlines;
Other retail businesses.
We may share your Personal Information with fraud prevention agencies and tools. This includes checking the information you provide to us against information from ThetaRay and Experian. These agencies and tools keep a record of our enquiries and information we give them to help make decisions that to prevent fraud and money laundering.
We may also disclose information about you to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, if we are required to do so by law or legal process, or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity such as financial crime.
We also share your information with a third party when we:
have your prior consent to do so e.g. where you your consent to receiving marketing from our partners, we will share that information with those partners;
are processing your information through a trusted service provider, who is acting on Travelex's explicit instructions and in accordance with this Privacy statement, confidentiality and levels of security in order to provide Travelex Services;
Our trusted service providers include:
payment gateways and payment services providers
international money transfer services providers
identity verification providers and credit referencing agencies
providers of fraud prevention, anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering checks
cloud and online security services providers
outsourced service providers to the Travelex Group
providers of telecommunications, webchat and networking services
marketing communications providers
online advertisers and targeted advertising providers
social media networks
Where we are using a third party to send targeted advertisements on our behalf, using an identifier such as an email address or site cookies. This will only be done with your express consent, in accordance with our Cookie Statement;
Where we have aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, which is to be used for segmentation, statistical modelling, general research or trend analysis;
If we sell or buy any new business or assets, in which case we disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business assets;
If we are purchased by a third party, in which case information held by us including your information will be transferred.
If we need to comply with the obligations we have to our third party product issuers or third parties providing products or services on our behalf, so that they can process your order or otherwise provide the information, products or services you have requested (please note that these third party product issuers have their own privacy policies and accordingly we cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the handling of your information by such third parties in accordance with such policies);
If we need to enforce our Sites terms of use.
How we protect your information
We take the safeguarding of your information very seriously. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data during transmission, and any transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information, we use strict cybersecurity procedures and controls to ensure it stays safe and secure.
Show More Information
Our security measures:
information you send us via our website, app or other Travelex systems are encrypted. This makes it unreadable to anyone who might try to listen in;
updating and patching our servers in a timely manner;
Our cyber control team proactively monitors for abnormal and malicious activity in our servers and services;
When information you've given us is not in active use, it is encrypted at rest.
We are regularly audited to confirm we remain compliant with our security certifications, including SOC 2 and PCI-DSS. As part of these audits, our security is validated by external auditors.
We restrict access to your personal information to Travelex employees who have a business reason for knowing such information and third-party service providers' processing data on our behalf.
All Travelex employees who have access to your personal data are required to adhere to this control and all third-party service providers are requested by Travelex to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. In addition, contracts are in place with third-party service providers that have access to your personal data, to ensure that the level of security and protective measures required is in place, and that your personal data is processed only as instructed by us.
We continuously educate and train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and privacy of customer personal information. We maintain physical, technical and organisational safeguards that comply with applicable laws and regulations to protect your personal information from unauthorised access.
Passwords
As part of using our App you are asked to set-up a username and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and are responsible for all activities that are carried out when logged using your name and password. You are responsible for ensuring the security of the passwords that you set. Learn how to create a strong password
here
.
How long we keep your data
We will keep your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy statement. Where you are a customer, this is usually at least for as long as you remain a customer, to meet our legal obligations and contractual obligations to provide the service you have requested, and if necessary, to resolve any disputes. We will not keep more information than we need.
Show More Information
As a regulated financial institution, we have to retain information about your transactions because we have to keep detailed records for tax and accounting purposes or as required by anti-money laundering or anti-fraud regulations.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes;
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities; and
our legitimate interests, where we need to consider retaining information to meet any other obligations.
Otherwise, we securely erase your information once this is no longer needed.
How to opt out of Travelex marketing and surveys
We may use the information you give us on our Sites for direct marketing purposes to provide you with updates, newsletters, events, offers and promotions or other communications by email, that we think may interest you but, where required by law your prior consent will be obtained before sending direct marketing.
To continually improve Travelex products and services, Travelex or a third-party partner of Travelex may send you emails containing requests for feedback and/or reviews.
You have the right to opt in or opt out of direct marketing and survey from us at any time by managing your preferences within the Travelex app, visiting our online Privacy Centres, where available on our Sites, or clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any email we have sent you.
How to opt out of third party and social media advertising
Travelex has relationships with online advertisers and social media networks (our marketing partners). These partners use cookies and similar technologies for marketing purposes and may serve you with targeted advertising about Travelex using information collected via reviews and survey information, provided you have given your express consent. More details can be found in our Cookie Statement.
We encourage you to learn more about how companies use advertising on social media and how to adjust your marketing preferences by checking their privacy statements and opt in/ out options.
Profiling and automated decision making
We may use some elements of your data to customise Travelex Services, or check your suitability for Travelex Services, and to address your needs, including your country of residence and transaction history.
Show More Information
For example, if you purchase a particular currency, we may use this information to inform you of travel information, new product updates, or features that may be useful for you. When we do this, we take all necessary measures to ensure that your privacy and security are protected - and we use pseudonymised data wherever possible.
This activity has no legal effect on you.
We use automated processes to check that your application to access and use Travelex services meet our regulatory requirements, including verifying your identity, and to help prevent fraud or other illegal activities. These processes may make an automated decision to reject your proposed transaction, to block a suspicious attempt to login to the Travelex App. If this happens, you will be notified and offered the opportunity to provide further information and challenge the decision through an appeal mechanism, which includes a manual review. In any case, if you feel that an automated process may have impacted you, please contact Travelex Customer Support under the 'Contact' section below.
What happens when you click links on our Sites
Our Sites may contain links to and from the websites of our group companies, selected partner networks, advertisers and affiliates, including websites which are outside of our control and are not covered by this statement.
Show More Information
If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy statement and accordingly we cannot accept any responsibility or liability for such policies.
On some pages of our Sites, third parties that provide content, applications, services (such as a webchat service enabling you to speak to an adviser about the Travelex Services) or plug-ins through our Sites track your use of content and our applications or customise content, applications and plug-ins. For example, when you share an article using a social media button on our Sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, or Google Plus), the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this, or when you speak to an advisor about the Travelex Services, they may provide you with advice over our chat facility. You should check the Privacy statement of third-party websites to find out how they manage cookies and process your information.
How we manage international data transfers
In providing our services to you, such as fulfilling orders and taking payments, we may transfer the data we collect from you and about you to destinations outside of the UK, within the Travelex group of companies, with our third-party processors, or with our partners. This is because the information is processed in those other locations. Where we do so, we ensure that security measures and appropriate safeguards are put in place to protect your information and ensure that all transfers of your information comply with applicable data protection law. We also ensure that processing is only ever carried out in accordance with our instructions.
Show More Information
In all cases where we transfer information across borders, we rely on defined legal mechanisms to ensure that we protect data at all times. For transfers between Travelex group companies, we have in place an intra group transfer agreement. Or we may use new standards as these are developed by the appropriate regulatory authorities.
How to exercise your data rights
You have a number of rights when it comes to your information. These include the right to ask us what information we hold about you, and to request us to modify any incorrect details, add missing information, or to delete the information we hold. You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the contact details below.
Show More Information
The right to object to processing. You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing.
The right to be informed. You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we're providing you with the information in this Privacy statement.
The right of access. You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we're processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy statement). This is so you're aware and can check that we're using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification. You are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can request that we rectify any errors in information that we hold by writing to us using the contact details below.
The right to erasure. This is also known as 'the right to be forgotten' and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information that we hold by writing to us using the contact details below.
The right to restrict processing. You have rights to 'block' or supress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but will not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be 'blocked' to make sure the restriction is respected in the future.
The right to data portability. You have the right to obtain and reuse your information for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability. This is not a general right however and there are exceptions.
The right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your information with your national data protection regulator.
The right to withdraw consent. If you have given your consent to anything we do with your information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data with your consent up to that point is unlawful). You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any additional information from children under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you should not register or provide information to Travelex. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 16 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user's information from our systems where section does not apply. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please notify us using the details under 'Contact' below.
Changes to Our Statement
This statement was last updated on the 30th October 2024. It will be updated from time to time to take into account changes to the Travelex Services or, for example, to reflect changes to applicable regulations.
Show More Information
Any changes we make to our statement will be posted on our Website. We will advise you of significant changes to this statement where we have your contact details.
Contact
You can obtain further information about your rights, or make a complaint to your data protection authority with regards to how we use your information, and this section provides contact details should you need them.
Show More Information
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy statement are welcomed and should be addressed to
customerservices@travelex.com
or Customer Services Department, Worldwide House, Thorpe Wood, Peterborough PE3 6SB.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at
dataprotectionteam@travelex.com
.
Travelex Money Card Customers
When you register a Travelex Money card, Travelex, the card Issuer and MPMS use your data to provide the card services to you. If you are a Travelex Money Card customer this statement applies to the data that Travelex processes. To see how MPMS uses your information, please
click here
to view additional information for your Travelex Money Card account and a handy contacts guide.
How to contact your local supervisory authority
Travelex is regulated by the Information Commissioner's Office. You can contact them
here
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.travelex.co.uk/services/privacy-centre:
/
Services
/
Privacy Centre
Your data, your say.
Your data belongs to you, and we promise to treat it that way. You have the right to know what we use it for and why. And even though we love hearing from customers we’ll never contact you without your consent.
No hiding in the small print.
We’re clear and upfront about how we manage your data in the app, on the website and in-store. We’re open and transparent about your privacy rights and show you how to exercise them.
Privacy by design.
Respecting your privacy rights is a primary objective when we develop new products and services. We place customers, and their privacy rights, at the centre of everything we do from design to delivery.
Highest standards
We hold ourselves accountable to the highest data protection standards, and regularly audit how we comply with them, to make sure we’re living up to those standards and our commitment to you.
Keeping your data safe.
We take data security seriously and are fully committed to keeping yours safe. Visit our
security page
to see how we keep prying eyes away from your data.
Learn more
Choose how we get in touch
If you change your mind about getting marketing information you can click the unsubscribe link in our emails or change your notification settings in the app. If we collect your data, we’ll tell you why in our
privacy statement
.
Learn more
Button CTA
Find out more
If you’d like more detailed information about how we use your information and protect your data, or how you can customise your cookies settings, then click in the links below.
Your Information & Privacy
Find out how we collect, process and protect your personal data.
Cookie Settings
Cookies help improve your visit, find out how they work and how to customise your settings.
Looking for travel money?
You can order your travel money online, in cash or as a Travelex Money Card, and get it delivered to your doorstep or click & collect from convenient locations across the UK including most major airports.
Explore currencies
Open Chat
Start Chat
Cookies on this site
We and our approved partners  use cookies and other tracking technologies to  give you the best possible website experience. Some cookies are essential for this website to work ('Essential cookies'). Other cookies  help us enhance your browsing experience on the site ('Functionality cookies'), or understand how you use our website ('Analytics cookies'). We may also use cookies to provide you with targeted messages. Find more details or update your preferences anytime in our
cookie statement.
Essential Cookies Only
Accept All
View Options
Privacy preference centre
We and our partners may collect information from your device for the purposes listed below. To do so, we need your permission. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow cookies (except the ones that are essential to make our site work as it should). Click on the headings below to find out more and manage your settings. You can change your mind at any time by editing your settings in this preference centre again. If you choose to do nothing, no non-essential cookies will be installed.
More information
Accept All
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Always Active
These cookies and similar technologies make our website work. We use these for important things like security or making the ordering of currency possible. These cookies do not gather any information about you. If we offer a branded service through one of our partners, such as a supermarket or bank, the essential cookies could be both ours and our partners. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Analytics Cookies
We'd like to set analytics cookies and other tracking technologies to help us to improve our website by collecting information on how you use it (such as which of our webpages are the most popular), or what happens after you interact with our ads on our business partners’ sites (e.g. if you visited this Travelex site after clicking an advert on a partner’s site, we may collect information that tells us if you made a purchase when you visit us). These cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone. For more detail on how these cookies work, please read our Cookie Statement.
Functionality Cookies
We’d also like to set cookies and other tracking technologies that enable enhanced functionality and personalisation e.g. to remember your language preferences. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our webpages. Without these cookies some or all of these services may not function optimally and you might have to set preferences again on your next visit. For more detail on how these cookies work, please see our Cookie Statement.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies and other tracking technologies may be set on our site by our business or advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not directly store personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and device. Without these cookies you may still receive advertising, but it will be less tailored to your interests. For more detail on how these cookies work, please see our Cookie Statement.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label