trophy
slideshow-left
slideshow-right
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-light
chevron-light
play
play-outline
external-arrow
pointer
hodinkee-shop
hodinkee-shop
share-arrow
share
show-more-arrow
watch101-hotspot
instagram
nav
dropdown-arrow
full-article-view
read-more-arrow
close
close
close
email
facebook
h
image-centric-view
newletter-icon
pinterest
search-light
hodinkee-logo
search
magnifying-glass
thumbnail-view
twitter
view-image
checkmark
triangle-down
chevron-right-circle
chevron-right-circle-white
lock
shop
live
events
conversation
watch
plus
plus-circle
camera
comments
download
x
heart
comment
default-watch-avatar
overflow
check-circle
right-white
right-black
comment-bubble
instagram
speech-bubble
shopping-bag
shop watch
Stories
Sort Arrows
New Search
Clear Search
Skip to Main Content [enter]
Hodinkee Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
November 2024
Information We Collect
Interest Based Advertising
How Information is Used
Disclosure of Information
Links to External Websites and Online Services
Social Media
Communications
Data Security and Retention
Do Not Track
Children
Nevada Residents
California Residents
Nebraska and Texas Residents
UK and EU Residents
Questions / Contact Us
Notification of Changes
Hodinkee LLC (“
Hodinkee
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”) recognizes the importance of personal privacy of our customers and online visitors. We have created the following privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) to inform you of our information collection, use, storage and sharing practices for when you interact with us, including when you visit our website available at
https://www.hodinkee.com
(the “
Site
”). However, please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the information we collect in connection with insurance products, which is subject to the privacy policy on
https://insurance.hodinkee.com
, or in any employment context which is set forth in a separate privacy notice.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.
When you provide us with your information, including when you visit our Site, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
, and consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect
a. Personal Information
Hodinkee collects personal information about you, which may include:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Username and password
If applicable, details of your specific shopping/consuming histories or tendencies
If you post a photograph on social media and tag us or if you post a comment on our social media pages, we will collect the photograph or content of that message. Please note that if you choose to post photographs on social media and tag us or post a comment on any of our social media pages, any information you post will be visible to any other visitors to that social media page. We are not responsible for any personal information you include in such posts or for any use of such information by any other visitor to the social media page.
Inferences we may draw from any of the information above to create a profile of you, your lifestyle and interests.
This information is collected and stored electronically when you subscribe or register an account with us or contact us.
Where permitted by applicable law, we may combine your personal information with other non-personally identifiable information we have collected from you. We may also combine your personal information with information we receive about you from other sources, such as our service providers.
b. Information Collected Automatically
In addition, information about your device’s hardware and software is automatically collected by Hodinkee when you use the Site. This information may include:
IP address
Browser type
Device type
Type of operating system
Language preference
Access times and dates
Search queries
Device IDs
Geographic location
Other technical information such as protocol status and substatus, bytes sent and received, and server information.
We may also collect information regarding traffic patterns, the actions taken on our Site, including the user’s click-stream and session replay information, and your interaction with our Site and advertisements. This information is used by us for our business purposes, including for the operation and improvement of the Site, for technical troubleshooting, to maintain the quality of the Site, to provide general statistics regarding use of the Site and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
We may also receive similar data from our business partners, including our parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates or other related companies, online advertising networks, and from social media platforms, such as Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest and X, subject to your registration and privacy settings with such third-party social media platforms.
c. Cookies and Other Information Collection Tools
Manage preferences
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website or use an online service. When you visit the website or use the service again, the cookie allows that website or online service to recognize your browser or device. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information.
We may use “session cookies” or “persistent cookies.” Session cookies are temporary and expire once you close your browser or once your session ends. Persistent cookies remain on your device for much longer or until you or your browser erase them. Persistent cookies have varying durations that are dependent on their expiration date.
The types of cookies Hodinkee may use on the Site include:
Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are necessary for you to browse the Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, certain aspects of the Site may not be available to you.
Functional Cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you have used the Site in the past and allow the Site to remember the choices you have made. These cookies allow us to improve how the Site works for you and tailor the Site to your preferences.
Performance Cookies.
These cookies collect information about how you use the Site, such as which pages you most often visit on the Site, the time you spend on the Site, which links you click on, and any issues encountered. These cookies help us understand how visitors interact with the Site. All information collected is aggregated and do not identify you.
Targeting Cookies.
These cookies track your online activity to help deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and your interests and measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They also limit how many times you see a certain advertisement. We may share the information collected through these cookies with others, such as advertisers.
We may place cookies on your device. To identify one page request from another, this site uses a common technique called "HTTP-header cookies." These cookies do not contain any personal information. They indicate that a page request is from someone who has already visited the site. Your browser may be set up to warn you whenever a site sends your browser a cookie. If a pop-up message asks you to accept or reject the use of cookies, you may choose to accept it or decline it. Please note, however, that this site will not work without them.
We may also use third-party cookies, like Google Analytics, for example, which sets cookies on the Site to help analyze how visitors use the Site. If you would like to opt-out from the use of your information by Google Analytics, you may use
Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on
designed for this purpose.
Cookies help us improve the Site by providing us with information about which parts of the Site are most popular, enabling us to analyze technical and navigational information about the Site, and helping us to detect and prevent fraud. We also use cookies and other data collection tools, such as pixels, to help improve your experience with the Site.
Web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete cookies, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Some web browsers provide settings that allow a user to reject cookies or to alert a user when a cookie is placed on the user’s computer, tablet or mobile device. Most mobile devices also offer settings to reject mobile device identifiers. Although users are not required to accept cookies or mobile device identifiers, blocking or rejecting them may prevent access to some features available through the Site.
First and third-party cookies
hodinkee.com
uses two main types of cookies: first-party and
        third-party. First-party cookies are cookies that we use and third-party cookies are those that have been placed
        by our business partners, including social media sites and search engines.
Below are cookies that are/may be used on our Site
Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
hodinkee.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
,
OptanonConsent
First Party
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Functional Cookies
hodinkee.com
hubspotutk
First Party
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Performance Cookies
www.hodinkee.com
_omappvp
First Party
hodinkee.com
__hstc
,
_gax
,
__hssc
,
__hssrc
,
_gclxxxx
,
_ga_xxxxxxxxxx
First Party
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Targeting Cookies
www.hodinkee.com
__kla_id
First Party
hodinkee.com
__qca
,
__gpi
,
_fbp
,
__gads
First Party
quantserve.com
mc
Third Party
www.linkedin.com
bscookie
Third Party
linkedin.com
lidc, li_sugr, __cf_bm, UserMatchHistory, bcookie, AnalyticsSyncHistory
Third Party
doubleclick.net
IDE, APC, receive-cookie-deprecation, ar_debug, test_cookie
Third Party
Can I disable cookies?
It is possible to turn off your cookies through your website browser settings; however this will affect the
        functionality and experience of our site.
Please see below for an explanation of how to disable cookies on various browsers.
For Google Chrome:
Click the Chrome menu on the browser toolbar
Select “Settings”
Click “Show advanced settings”
In the “Privacy” section, click the “Content settings” button
In the “Cookies” section select the relevant options
For Mozilla Firefox:
At the top of the Firefox window, click on the “Firefox” button (Tools menu in Windows XP) and
          then click “Options”
Select the “Privacy” panel
Set “Firefox will:” to “Use custom settings for history” and select the relevant
          option.
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the appropriate setting
For Safari:
At the top of the window, click on the “Safari” tab
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select “Prevent cross-site tracking”
For Opera:
At the top of the window, click on the “Opera” button
Highlight “settings” and click “preferences”
Select the “advanced” tab, click “cookies” and select the relevant options
Web Beacons and Pixels
A pixel is an HTML code snippet embedded in a website or email that collects information about user behaviors and interactions with the website or email.
We may utilize pixels both on certain aspects of the Site and in HTML-formatted email messages to you. Pixels may be used for the purpose of, among other things, measuring the success of our marketing campaigns, compiling statistics about Site usage and tracking the activities of users of the Site and email recipients. For instance, we may use pixels from Meta and Google on the Site to enable us to create targeted advertisements and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements. For additional information on interest-based advertising, please see Section 2 (Interest-Based Advertising).
We may use the following pixels on our site:
2. Interest Based Advertising
We may collect information about your online activities on our Site to provide you with advertising about products tailored to your individual interests. We also may obtain information for this purpose from third-party websites on which our advertisements are served.
You may see certain advertisements on other websites because we work with advertising partners (including advertising networks) to engage in remarketing and retargeting activities. Our advertising partners allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based and contextual means. These partners track your online activities over time and across websites, including our Site, by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of third-party cookies and web beacons. They use this information to show you advertisements that may be tailored to your individual interests. The information our advertising partners may collect includes data about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant advertising networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our Site and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. For example, we utilize certain of our advertising partners’ targeted advertising services to show you our advertisements on other websites based on your prior visits to our Site and other online activity.
Provided that a company participates in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers choices about whether to receive targeted advertising, you may opt out of interest-based advertising generally through the Network Advertising Initiative website or by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
(web-based advertising) or
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
(for mobile advertising). To learn more, please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance at
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. Opting-out does not mean that you will stop receiving advertisements from us. It means that you will stop receiving advertisements from us that have been targeted to you based on your visits and browsing activity across websites over time.
3. How Information is Used
We may use the information we collect for any of the following purposes:
to provide the Site to you and to improve the Site;
to create and manage your subscription with us;
to operate, improve, and personalize the products and services we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us;
to personalize our advertising, marketing communications, shopping experiences and promotional offers and to deliver promotions and offers to you that we think may interest you;
if you sign up for our email list, to send you our newsletters and emails about products or offers that we think might be of interest to you;
to facilitate affiliate marketing;
to invite you to participate in events, experiences, contests, sweepstakes and previews;
to conduct surveys;
to deliver social media engagement;
for security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Site;
to provide you with customer service, respond to your inquiries and communicate with you;
For our other business purposes, such as data analytics, accounting, auditing and reporting, developing new products and services, identifying Site usage trends;
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies;
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use; (v) to protect our operations; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
4. Disclosure of Information
We may disclose your information:
With Third Party Service Providers Performing Services on Our Behalf.
We share your personal information with our service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them. For example, we may use third parties to host the Site or assist us in providing functionality on the Site, provide data analytics on the Site, send out email updates about the Site and our products and services.
With Our Parent Company, Subsidiaries, Affiliates or Other Related Companies.
We may share your information with our parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates or other related companies for our internal business purposes including advertising and marketing where permitted by law.
With Our Brand Partners.
We may share your personal information with our brand partners as necessary in the normal course of business or where required to maintain brand integrity and exclusivity.
Through Tracking Technologies.
We may share information collected through tracking technologies set on the Site with our website analytics and digital advertising service providers.
For Legal Purposes.
We also may share information that we collect from users as needed to enforce our rights, protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will disclose personal information as we deem necessary to respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order of a data protection agency, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process. We may also share personal information as required to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain.
Changes of Control.
We reserve the right to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Hodinkee does not sell or share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
5. Links to External Websites and Online Services
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites and online services. Any access to and use of such third-party websites and online services is not governed by this Privacy Policy, but is instead governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites and online services, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites and online services.
6. Social Media
Some aspects of the Site may allow you to interface with social media, such as Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest and X (formerly ‘Twitter’). We will attempt to identify these aspects of the Site to you, for example, by identifying them with the applicable third-party logos or trade names. By using these interfaces, you will allow us to access information about you from those other online services, including information and other content that you submit to those online services. If you interface with the Site through your social media account, we may contact you or enable you to share your experience and content via your social media account, which information may be publicly viewed by other users of those services. For a description on how such social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations, and applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings with that service or platform.
7. Communications
You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in such emails or by emailing
contact@hodinkee.com
. If you have a user account, you may also unsubscribe from comment replies and watch comments on Community profiles via this link:
https://community.hodinkee.com/members/notifications
.
8. Data Security and Retention
Hodinkee uses reasonable security measures designed to prevent unauthorized intrusion to the Site and the alteration, acquisition or misuse of personal information. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information.
We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by applicable laws or regulation.
9. Do Not Track
Our Site does not currently take any action when it receives a Do Not Track request. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit
www.donottrack.us
.
10. Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of sixteen. No parts of our Site are directed to or designed to attract anyone under the age of sixteen.
11. Nevada Residents
Under Nevada law, Hodinkee does not sell your personal information. However, we are legally required to make you aware that if you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request that we not sell any personal information we have collected about you by contacting us at
DPO@thewosgroup.com
.
12. California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“
CPRA
”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. The below describes such rights and how you may exercise such rights, and our information practices, including the categories of personal information we collect, use, retain, disclose, sell or share, and how and why we collect, disclose, sell or share such information.
Consumer Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, sell or share. Specifically, you may request that we disclose to you the following:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You may also request that we disclose to you:
The categories of personal information that we have sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold or shared.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you which we have collected from you by calling us at (646) 905-0553 or emailing
DPO@thewosgroup.com
. If it is necessary for us to maintain your personal information for certain purposes, we are not required to comply with your deletion request. If we determine that we will not delete your personal information when you request us to do so, we will inform you and tell you why we are not deleting it.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
You have the right to direct a business that sells or shares personal information about you to third parties not to sell or share your personal information. We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. However, we do use cookies for targeted advertising purposes. The collection of data through certain cookies for our targeting advertising purposes may be considered a “sale” and is considered “sharing” under the CPRA. To opt-out of having your information sold and shared with third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers for this purpose, please click on the hyperlink entitled “Your Privacy Choices” set forth at the footer of the Site.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information
You have the right to request a business that maintains inaccurate personal information about you to correct that inaccurate personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
Hodinkee does not collect any sensitive personal information.
No Discrimination
You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercised any of your aforementioned rights.
How to Submit a Request
To exercise the rights described above, you must submit a verifiable request to us.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by providing the agent with signed written permission to do so. You or your authorized agent may make a request to delete or opt-out of the disclosure of your Personal Information for business purposes. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child if you believe we have received their information inadvertently. You may request to exercise the aforementioned rights by:
Submitting a request to
DPO@thewosgroup.com
or calling us on (646) 905-0553.
If you maintain an online account with us, we will verify your identity for a request through the normal account authentication process, meaning you will need to sign on with your username and password.
To submit a verifiable request, you will be asked to provide certain information to help us verify your identity. The information we ask you to provide to initiate a request may differ depending upon the type of request, the type, sensitivity and value of the personal information that is the subject of the request, and the risk of harm to you that may occur as a result of unauthorized access or deletion, among other factors.
If we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request, we will not be able to comply with your request. We will inform you if we cannot verify your identity or authority. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
How We Collect, Use, Disclose, Sell and Share Personal Information
Hodinkee has collected the following categories of personal information and used, disclosed, sold or shared such information in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy:
Identifiers,
such as name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
, such as name, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
Commercial information,
such as records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information,
including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Each of the above categories are disclosed for a business or commercial purpose as described above in Section 3 (How Information is Used) to the third parties listed in Section 4 (Disclosure of Information).
The following categories of personal information were sold or shared in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy:
Identifiers,
such as unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, or other similar identifiers.
Internet or other electronic network activity information,
including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Such information is sold to or shared with our third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers in a way that may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under CPRA. We do not sell such information for monetary consideration.
We share or sell such information to:
Provide the Site to you and to improve the Site;
Operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us;
Personalize our advertising, marketing communications, shopping experiences and promotional offers and to deliver promotions and offers to you that we think may interest you;
For security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Site;
For our business purposes, such as data analytics, audits, identifying Site usage trends;
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (i) under applicable law; (ii) to comply with legal process; (iii) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use; (v) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (vi) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (vii) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Hodinkee does not collect sensitive personal information.
Hodinkee collects the personal information described above from or through the following categories of sources:
You, directly and indirectly, including when you access and use the Site or when you purchase our products, register an account with us, subscribe to our newsletter, engage with us via social media or otherwise contact us;
Service providers, including those that provide website analytics services to help us understand the activity on the Site.
Hodinkee will retain the personal information described above for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by applicable laws or regulation.
Personal Information of Minors
Hodinkee does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares personal information about minors under the age of sixteen.
13. Nebraska and Texas Residents
The categories of personal information we process about you is set forth in Section 1 (Information We Collect). The purposes for processing such personal information are set forth in Section 3 (How Information is Used). We disclose the personal information we process about you with the third parties set forth in Section 4 (Disclosure of Information).
As a Nebraska or Texas resident, you have the rights to:
Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and access such personal information;
Correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information;
Delete personal information provided by or obtained about you;
Obtain a copy of your personal information we process, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means; and
Opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of:
Targeted advertising;
The sale of personal information; or
Profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. We do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
You may exercise these rights by calling us at (646) 905-0553 or by emailing
DPO@thewosgroup.com
.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We reserve the right to verify your identity in connection with any requests regarding personal information to help ensure that we provide the information we maintain to the individuals to whom it pertains and allow only those individuals to exercise rights with respect to that information. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
In the event we deny your request, you may appeal our denial by contacting us in the same manner by which you submitted your request.
We process your personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising, and under Nebraska and Texas law, our processing may qualify as a “sale”. We share the information set forth in Section 1.b (Information Collected Automatically) with our third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers. To opt-out of such sharing of information with our third-party website analytics and digital advertising service providers, please click on the hyperlink entitled “Do not sell or share my personal data” set forth at the footer of the Site.
If you are an authorized agent making a request to opt-out on behalf of a consumer, we may require and request that you provide us with written permission signed by the consumer to verify that you are authorized to make such request.
14. UK and EU Residents
If you are resident in the UK or EU you have rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (‘
GDPR
’) and UK GDPR.
Hodinkee LLC is part of The Watches of Switzerland Group, and our Group
privacy policy
explains how we use your personal data and meet our UK and EU data protection obligations. While not all parts of the policy will be applicable to the services offered by Hodinkee, we recommend that you refer to the following sections:
Who are we and who controls your data?
How and why we use your data
Your privacy rights
Should you wish to exercise any of your rights under GDPR or UK GDPR, please contact our
client experience team
. If you have any concerns about the way we handle your personal data, you can contact our group Data Protection Officer at
DPO@thewosgroup.com
.
For the purposes of the UK GDPR and GDPR we have appointed the following as our representatives in the UK and European Economic Area (‘EEA’):
For the UK:
The Data Protection Officer, The Watches of Switzerland Group, Carlton Park, King Edward Avenue, Leicester LE19 0AL, U.K., email:
DPO@thewosgroup.com
For the EEA:
WOSG (Ireland) limited,
Suite 3, One Earlsfort Centre, Lower Hatch Street, Dublin 2, D02 X288, Ireland.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer directly at
DPO@thewosgroup.com
.
15. Questions / Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
DPO@thewosgroup.com
By mail:
Hodinkee LLC
255 Centre St, 4th Floor
New York, NY 10013
By phone:
(646) 905-0553.
16. Notification of Changes
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to this page so users are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Accordingly, please refer back to this Privacy Policy frequently as it may change.
We Value Your Privacy
By clicking “Accept all,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Some cookies are used for ad personalization. By entering the site, you agree to our terms of use and our
privacy policy
.
Manage preferences
Decline All
Accept All
Cookie Preferences
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Accept all
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.watches-of-switzerland.co.uk/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy: Our promise to you
At the Watches of Switzerland Group, we aim to build long-lasting relationships with our clients, based on trust and respect. When you visit or talk to us online or in person, we collect personal information which we use and share as necessary to manage our business efficiently and legally. We also use it to
gradually get to know you and build our relationship
. This in turn allows us to give you a truly personalised experience wherever, whenever, and however you interact with us – and rest assured that we never sell your personal information.
Our Privacy policy explains how we use your personal data. Most of the information in it will be exactly as you’d expect of a privacy policy, but we’ve highlighted a few sections with a
symbol to indicate a few things you may not already know and which we’d suggest you read.
The policy was most recently updated in September 2024.
If you’re looking for information about our Group’s internal approach to data protection and cyber security, please refer to
the Data     Protection and Information Security statement on our corporate website.
The Watches of Switzerland Group privacy policy
Who are ‘we’, and who controls your personal data?
In this policy, ‘
we
’, ‘
our
’, ‘
our group
’ or ‘
Watches of Switzerland
’ means The Watches of Switzerland Group including subsidiaries, affiliates, and joint                    ventures. Our registered address is Aurum House, 2 Elland Road, Braunstone, Leicester, LE3 1TT.
At the time of writing, our group comprises Goldsmiths, Mappin and Webb, Watches of Switzerland, our Monobrand Boutiques and Hallmark Claims Service. It includes Mayors, Betteridge and Analog: Shift in the USA, and these are                    covered by our US privacy policy, which you can find on each of the respective websites. You can always find up to date information about our Group on our
corporate                      website
.
Under UK data protection law, the legal entity that controls client personal data for our Group is
The Watches of Switzerland Company Limited
, which is registered as a ‘data controller’ with the information                    commissioner’s office (ICO). In Ireland, the data controller is
WOSG (Ireland) Ltd
.
In respect of Hallmark Claims service, we act as a ‘data processor’ for our insurance partners. If you are a Hallmark client, the data controller will be your insurer, to which you should direct any queries or requests about your                    personal data in the first instance.
Data protection law
When we refer to ‘data protection law’ in this policy, we mean the law that currently applies in the UK and Europe: The UK Data Protection Act 2018 and its local equivalents, the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and UK                    GDPR, The Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, and all applicable supporting law and regulation.
How to contact us
If you have any concerns about how Watches of Switzerland handles your personal information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@thewosgroup.com
. To exercise any of your
data protection rights
, please contact our
Client Experience
team.
The personal information we hold about you and where it comes from
We collect personal information about you whenever you interact with us in person or online. Some of this comes directly from you and is as you would expect, while some is collected indirectly over the course of your relationship                    with us, as set out below
Getting To Know You
We aim to get to know you well and build up a picture of who you are, what you like and what interests you, so that we can give you a truly personal experience every time you interact with us. To do this, we collect information                    from the conversations we have in our showrooms, at formal or informal social events, and when chatting with our showroom colleagues via messaging, social media, email, or over the phone.
This includes practical information like food or drink preferences or allergies and any additional needs you may have when you visit our showrooms, as well as your favourite brands, personal style, and items you’re interested in.                    If you’re already a watch enthusiast or collector, we’ll keep a note of anything you tell us about your collection and the pieces you have or aspire to. We also make a note of things you tell us about yourself, your lifestyle,                    family, hobbies and interests, work, and aspirations or achievements. Sometimes we might add to this with information from social media, for example if we hear of any special work or personal achievements. We will also note                    birthdays, anniversaries and other significant dates or events that you mention are coming up for you or family members.
We use all this to give you a personalised service, suggest items you might like and events we think you’ll enjoy, celebrate life’s milestones with you and give you the unique client experience on which we pride ourselves.
We don’t use it to ‘profile’ you for direct marketing purposes but, based on everything we know about you, our showroom colleagues may contact you informally to, for example, let you know if a watch                    you’ll like becomes available, suggest a gift for an anniversary, congratulate you on a special occasion or invite you to a social event.
What’s our legal basis for doing this?
High Value Purchases: Collecting Additional Information About You
Money laundering and fraud prevention
When you buy high value items we will check and/or collect additional information to satisfy money laundering and fraud prevention requirements, including your date of birth and identification details such as a passport or                      driving licence. We may also verify information through commercially or publicly available sources like Companies House, the Land Registry, the Electoral Roll, insolvency registers, industry, or professional bodies of which you                      may be a member, and social media. Although this information is publicly available, we remain mindful of your privacy and use it only as needed for this purpose.
Preserving brand integrity and exclusivity
We are privileged to work with brands including Rolex and Patek Phillippe. To preserve the integrity and exclusivity of those brands, they may require us to provide biographical information about people purchasing or looking to                      purchase their high demand timepieces, which they then use in allocating items and arranging events for potential purchasers. This may include your date of birth or age group, occupation or employment, previous purchase history                      and any details we have about your watch collection or aspirations. We do not share data for them to use in their own direct marketing.
What’s our legal basis for doing this?
Checks We Carry Out To Identify Reselling
To protect our business and industry and the integrity of the brands we work with, we are committed to doing all we can to reduce the grey market in watches. We sell all timepieces to you as the ultimate consumer for you to use                    personally, gift to someone else or add to your personal collection.
We carry out checks to identify reselling, using the personal data we have about you and publicly available sources such as Companies House, social media, online marketplaces and auction sites, and watch forums. Resale of a                    timepiece, or any activity consistent with reselling, may lead to future purchases being refused. The information we find will remain on our records after you cease to be an active Watches of Switzerland Client.
What’s our legal basis for doing this?
Information We Get From Third Parties
We occasionally obtain personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass it to us, for example where you enter a competition or promotion that we’re running jointly with a brand or retailer.
Where we acquire another business in whole or part, this may include its client data. If that is how we obtained your personal information, we will have notified you and provided you with a link to this privacy policy. We will not                    send you marketing without your consent.
To keep our records accurate and up to date and learn more about our clients, we may supplement our own records with data from companies that collate and update address and household information from a range of                    sources and make it commercially available. If we do this, we will work only with reputable organisations that obtain their data legally.
Personal Data In Our Monobrand Boutiques
We operate Monobrand Boutiques for a number of watch and jewellery brands. At the time of writing these are Breitling, Cartier, TAG Heuer, ROLEX, OMEGA, Hublot, Longines, FOPE and TUDOR. The personal data we collect in those                    boutiques is controlled by us and used in accordance with this privacy policy, and we share it with the relevant brand only as necessary to provide you with your chosen products and services or where we have another
valid legal basis
for doing so.
While in the boutique, we may also offer you the opportunity to sign up directly with the brand itself to receive its own marketing material. This information will be registered directly on the brand’s system, controlled by the                    brand, and used in accordance with its privacy policy. A link to that policy will be available when you sign up and you can also refer to it on the relevant brand’s website at any time. To opt out of a brand’s own marketing, simply                    click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in one of its marketing e-mails or refer to the details on its website.
Hallmark Claims Service: Using Your Personal Data
Hallmark handles claims on behalf of a number of insurers, acting as a ‘data processor’, which means we are legally and contractually obliged to use your personal data only as instructed by them to provide the agreed service. Your                    insurer remains ‘data controller’ of your data, and you should address any queries or concerns about the handling of that data, and any requests to exercise your data protection rights to the insurer in the first instance, although                    if you ask us to forward a request on, we will of course be pleased to do so. Your insurer will share your personal data with us, and we with them, as necessary in handling your claim and any queries that may arise. You will find                    your insurer’s privacy policy on its website.
Where applicable in providing our end-to-end claim handling service, we will share your personal data with our local showroom or Virtual Boutique, so that our colleagues there can assist you in selecting                    replacement items. Any information we collect about you when you visit the showroom or Virtual Boutique and from that point onwards as our client, will be controlled by us and handled in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our Legal Basis: How and Why We Use Your Personal Data and What That Means For You
To use personal data, we must have a valid legal basis as set out in data protection law, and that is determined by why and how we intend to use that data. Our use of your data falls within four broad categories, each of which                    has a separate legal basis:
Things that are essential to provide you with products or services you’ve requested.
Things we do with your consent.
Things we do to meet legal or regulatory obligations.
Things that are in our ‘legitimate business interests’ and enable us to run our business effectively and efficiently.
Data protection law gives you the right to ‘object’ to or opt out of the use of your personal data in certain circumstances, depending on our legal basis. The following section explains more.
Things We Need To Do To Provide Our Products and Services
There is a wide range of processes and activities that we have to carry out with your personal information including handling sales, refunds, repairs, and complaints, answering queries, maintaining registers of interest for high                    demand products, and making our websites work properly. Everything in this category is essential to enable you to shop, browse and communicate with us, and you cannot opt out of having your data used for these purposes and remain a                    client.
Things we do with your consent: marketing and cookies
If you have consented to marketing, we may contact you about any of our group companies or brands. You can opt out at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in our e-mails or emailing our
Client Experience Team
. We never sell or share your data for other organisations to use in their own marketing.
Our websites use cookies and, except where they are essential for the functioning and security of the sites, you can withdraw your consent to their usage easily at any time and continue to use those sites. Our
cookie policy
explains more about how we use cookies and how to exercise your choice over them.
Things we do to meet our legal and regulatory obligations
We have to comply with a range of requirements in respect of, for example, company and trading law, payment processing, complaint handling, tax and accounting, corporate governance, money laundering and fraud prevention, and the                    requirements of regulatory bodies such as the FCA to the extent that they apply to our business.
Some of these requirements involve using personal data and/or will affect how we use or how long we keep it. All the processes and activities that fall into this category are necessary for us to operate                    legally, responsibly and in line with the requirements of regulators, so you cannot opt out of having your data used for these purposes and remain a client.
Things that enable our business to operate effectively and efficiently: our ‘legitimate interests’
There are some things we do with personal data to help us run our business. We have a ‘legitimate interest’ in carrying out these activities and we do them in a way that minimises the impact on your privacy. The main activities                    that may involve your personal information are listed below. It is not an exhaustive list, and where we carry out other activities on the basis of ‘legitimate interests’ we will first assess their potential impact and put in place                    appropriate safeguards.
This category is important because data protection law gives you a
‘right of objection’
to activities carried out on the basis of ‘legitimate interests’ if their impact on your rights and                    freedoms outweighs our legitimate interest. We will always consider any objection request individually in context, but as these activities are central to our business and have minimal impact on your rights and freedoms, it is                    unlikely that we will uphold an objection request under normal circumstances.
Preventing and detecting crime
We carry out
anti-fraud and money laundering checks
, and use online and physical measures to prevent and detect crime and to protect our clients, colleagues, property and business, such as the                      collection of basic information about your device and browser when you visit any of our websites, and the use of CCTV cameras in our showrooms. Where necessary we will share data with law enforcement and investigatory bodies for                      these purposes.
CCTV footage is held for either 30 or 60 days, as stated on the notice displayed in each store, unless it is required following an incident.
Brand protection and preventing reselling
We collect personal data and carry out
checks to detect reselling
and protect the integrity and exclusivity of our brand partners. We may share data with the brands for these purposes.
Sending you essential communications
We will send you important communications such as watch servicing or appointment reminders. If you are on a register of interest for a high-demand timepiece, we will contact you periodically to ask if you wish to remain on the                      register, to keep our records up to date.
Organising and hosting events
If we invite you to an event hosted by or with ourselves, a brand partner or a third party, we will use and share your personal data as necessary to ensure it runs smoothly.
Understanding our business and our clients: analytics and market research
We carry out analytics to help us understand how, when, and why our clients shop with us, see how our business is performing, and help with planning and forecasting. We generally do this in a way that does not identify                      individual clients but may occasionally invite you to give feedback or take part in surveys or focus groups. We may use a third party for this purpose, in which case we will give them your contact details so they can invite you                      to take part. Your participation is always voluntary.
Asserting or defending our legal rights
We will use any personal data we hold about you as necessary to assert, protect or defend our rights and interests or those of our brand partners and suppliers, to resolve disputes and to enforce agreements. To do this, we will                      share data as necessary with our external legal advisers, insurers, investigators, and other appropriate bodies.
Providing a personalised client experience
We collect information about you to
get to know you and build strong and lasting client relationships
. We believe this benefits you because it helps us to give you a memorable                      and personal experience, but if you have any concerns about it, please contact our
Client Experience Team
, and we will accommodate your wishes as far as we can.
Sharing your information
We may share your data within our Group as necessary for any of the purposes in this policy and where we have a
valid legal basis
for doing so.
Other circumstances in which we may share your data are set out below. Except as set out in this policy, we do not share your personal information with third parties unless compelled or permitted by law. We may share with law                    enforcement and investigatory bodies, courts, HMRC and other government or regulatory bodies on receipt of valid proof of authority.
With companies that provide services on our behalf
Some of our services are provided wholly or partly by external companies. We carry out checks to ensure that the companies we work with will give your information the necessary level of care and protection. Both we and they have                    direct obligations under data protection law, and we reinforce those with the appropriate contractual measures. The main functions that may involve sharing personal data with third parties are:
Audit, legal, compliance and tax related services.
Call recording.
Credit checking and ID verification.
Data analytics and market research.
Document archiving and destruction.
Event management.
Independent valuation.
Insurance and repair handling and claims management.
IT services and support and data storage.
Mailing, delivery and returns.
Management of competitions, promotions and offers.
Marketing.
Online and physical security services and support.
Payment processing and verification.
The provision of consumer finance.
The provision of product care insurance.
Visitor management and footfall-counting.
Web hosting, online content services and the provision of live engagement platforms.
Data protection laws and standards vary outside the UK and Europe. Some third-party providers we use are based, or carry out activities, in other countries, and where this is the case we put in place legal mechanisms to ensure                    that our data transfers comply with UK and European data protection law. We generally do this using standardised contractual clauses (sometimes known as the ‘EU model clauses’) that are approved by the European Commission and the                    UK and European privacy regulators, but there are other approved legal approaches which we may use instead.
With brands and manufacturers
We will share your personal data with our brand partners, manufacturers and their subsidiaries or agents as necessary to provide you with the product or service you have requested, e.g. to register a warranty or arrange a repair,                    or where we otherwise have a valid legal basis to do so.
We may share your data with our brand partners if you purchase, or express an interest in purchasing, a high-demand timepiece,
to help them preserve the exclusivity and integrity of their brand
.
On occasion, we may need to give a brand partner identifiable information about reselling activity, in support of our mutual commitment to
minimising the grey market
and preserving brand and industry                    integrity.
We don’t share data with our brand partners for them to use in their own direct marketing. In our
Monobrand Boutiques
we may offer you the option of signing up directly with the relevant brand to receive                    its marketing information. If you later wish to opt out, you can simply click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in one of the brand’s e-mails. You will find each brand’s privacy policy on its website.
Changes of ownership or business restructuring
If ownership of all or part of our business changes, or we undergo a reorganisation or restructure, we will transfer your personal information to the new owner or successor company and its agents and advisors to enable completion                    of the transaction, facilitate a smooth handover and ensure that we or they can continue to provide the services you have requested. The new data controller will contact you and provide you with its privacy policy.
How long do we keep your information?
We hold your information for as long as we have a valid legal reason to do so. Timescales for different types of data may vary according to our reason for processing them and the legal, regulatory, or business                    requirements that apply. We take these factors into account when deciding how long to keep data but, as a guide, we keep most of your details for 10 years after your last interaction with us. This reflects the typical pattern of                    client engagement and length of client relationship in our business and our industry.
Your privacy rights
Data protection law gives you certain rights over your personal data, as set out below. Should you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact our
Client Experience                      team
. In some circumstances we may need to ask you for valid proof of identity before processing your request.
If you are a client of our Hallmark Claims Service, your insurer is the data controller of your personal data and we act on their instructions. You should contact your insurer in the first instance to exercise your data rights.
The right to opt out of direct marketing
We only send direct marketing with your consent, which you can withdraw at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any of our marketing emails.
The right of access
You have the right to know what personal data we hold about you and to see a copy of it. We will action your request within one month unless your request is particularly complex, in which case we will explain why. In some                    situations, the law may require or permit us to withhold some personal data, e.g. where providing it would adversely impact another person’s privacy rights or involve disclosing details that are legally privileged or commercially                    sensitive, and if this applies we will explain at the time. Your right of access also includes the right to know where
we obtain our data
,
our legal basis for processing it
,                    and how we
use
and
share it
, and this policy is designed to give you that information.
The right to have inaccuracies corrected
This is also known as the ‘right of rectification’. You can make simple corrections to your contact details online if you have an account. For more substantial changes, you should contact our
Client Experience Team
who will action your request within a month. If we do not intend to make the requested correction, e.g. where to do so would render our records                    inaccurate, we will tell you why and note our records to show your request and our rationale for refusing.
The right of objection
You have the right to object to activities involving your personal data that are based on our
‘legitimate business interests’
where your rights and freedoms outweigh those legitimate interests.                    The activities we carry out on this basis are set out
here
. Please ensure you have read that section before
getting in touch
. We will action                    all valid requests within a month.
The right to erasure
This is sometimes known as the ‘right to be forgotten’. It is the right to request the erasure of some of your personal data if we are found by the courts or a regulator to be processing it unlawfully (without a
valid legal basis
), or if any of the following applies and we have no other valid legal basis for continuing to hold the data:
Our original purpose for processing the data has been completed.
We were processing the data on the basis of consent and you have now withdrawn your consent.
We are processing data on the basis that it is in our
‘legitimate interests’
and we have upheld your objection to that processing.
As the right to erasure is closely linked to the legal basis on which we process your personal data, please read the
relevant section of this policy
carefully before
getting in touch
.
The right to data portability
This right aims to enable consumers to reuse some of their information online by making it available in a commonly used machine-readable format that can be passed to, and used by, other organisations. Currently, this is of limited                    practical application in the retail sector but, should you require it, we may be able to provide your contact details and purchase history as a CSV file.
The right of restriction
This is the right to have your personal data temporarily ‘ring-fenced’ from erasure, alteration, or other processing, pending a legal claim or while awaiting the outcome of an objection or rectification request.
Your right to complain to the regulator
If you believe we have infringed your privacy rights, or you disagree with a decision we have made, you have the right to complain to the
Information Commissioner’s Officer (ICO)
.                    If you live in Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, you may choose to contact your local privacy regulator instead:
The Data Protection Commission
Jersey Office of the Information Commissioner
The Office of the Data Protection Authority
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated in October 2024 Version 5
Stay in the Know
Stay in the Know
Be the first to receive all news and information from the world's most prestigious watch brands.
Capturing personal information from you helps us provide the best possible service, we respect and do all we can to protect your privacy. For full details, please read our
Privacy Policy
.
No, thank you
Back To Top
© 2025 Watches of Switzerland
Watches of Switzerland is a trading name of Watches of Switzerland Company Limited.             Registered Office: Aurum House, 2 Elland Road, Braunstone, Leicester, LE3 1TT, Registered in England and             Wales, Company number 00146087. Registered VAT Number 834 8634 04. Watches of Switzerland Company Limited             acts as a broker and not a lender and offers finance from Secure Trust Bank PLC trading as V12 Retail             Finance and PayPal UK Ltd, 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD trading as PayPal Credit. Watches             of Switzerland Company Limited is authorised and regulated by the Finance Conduct Authority. Our             registration number is 308710. *Credit is provided subject to affordability, age and status. Minimum spend             applies. Terms and Conditions apply. UK residents only. Not             all products are regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and FOS protection will not be extended to             unregulated agreements. Please note the Consumer Credit Act states that should your purchase / loan amount             cost more than £30,000 you will not be covered under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act.
*Next day delivery available on most items. See product pages for more information.
By continuing to browse this site you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance your experience, allow us to analyse your site usage and customise our marketing to suit your requirements. Some cookies are used for ad personalisation.
Find out more
Continue Shopping
By continuing to browse this site you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance your experience, allow us to analyse your site usage and customise our marketing to suit your requirements. Some cookies are used for ad personalisation.
Find out more
Continue Shopping
Live Help service
Live Help service
Live Help
We use cookies to improve your experience and help us to understand how we can make it better. Some of these are essential to make this site work. By continuing to use our site you agree that you are happy to receive all cookies. If you would like to turn off cookies you can manage cookies in your browser settings
Find out more.
Continue Shopping
Find Your Nearest Store
Enter your postcode to find your nearest store and book an appointment.
Use current location