Privacy & Cookie Policy
This is the BookFit website privacy policy. Please read it carefully as you should only submit information to us through this site if you agree we may use it in accordance with this policy.
We collect certain basic information about you when you visit our website. We recognise the importance both of keeping that information secure and of letting you know what we intend to do with it.
We may amend our policy to reflect changes to our business, website or to data protection law or legislation. We therefore ask you revisit this policy on a regular basis to ensure you are familiar with its terms.
This policy only applies to our website; if you follow a link out of our site or leave our site in some other way, this policy will no longer apply.
The policy sets out (1) who we are and describes (2) the information we collect (3) what we do with it (4) how you can find out more.
Who we are
BookFit is c/o SD17 Limited.
SD17 Limited is a company registered in England and Wales number 10617889. Our registered office is located at:
311/312 Mailing Exchange
Houtls Yard,
Walker Road,
Newcastle upon Tyne,
NE6 1AB
The information we collect
We collect information from you:
when you complete our on-line forms
by means of ’cookies’ when you use our site, and
in the form of ’traffic data’.
On-line forms
In general, we will collect the information we need to provide you with the service to which the form relates. For example, if you submit our contact form we will collect your Name, Email address, Telephone number as a minimum.
Where we ask for more information to help us improve our services, over and above the basic required information, your response is voluntary and you are free not to provide us with more information if you would prefer not to do so.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer's hard drive by websites you visit to enable the site to 'remember' who you are. In general, cookies are only visible to the site that serves them, not to other websites. 'Serves' means place on your computer's hard drive.
The Cookies we use
We use the cookies on this website to help you navigate our website efficiently, perform certain functions and to collect site statistics. These cookies do not store any personal information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service without your permission.
BookFit use a number of suppliers (3rd Party) who also set cookies on our behalf in order to deliver the services that they are providing. If you would like more information about the cookies used by these suppliers, as well as information on how to opt-out, please see the information in the tables provided below.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the BookFit website and could mean that key features do not work properly. We strongly recommend allowing cookies from this website so that we can provide you with a full service.
To help you make and informed decision, we have categorised the cookies used on this site into two categories;
Necessary cookies - these cookies are fundemental to ensure the site works correctly.
Optional cookies - These cookies could help us track how you use the website so that we can improve the information and experience provided to you. They may also provide additional features by 3rd party providers to allow you to socially share content or comment on this website.
The cookies used on this site are explained in the tables below.
Necessary cookies
Provider
Cookie
Expires
Description / Purpose
BookFit
ASP.NET_SessionId
End of session
This session cookie is used to store anonymous details about the pages visited by you on this website and is required to provide this functionality to you. If you do not allow this cookie this website will not work correctly.
BookFit
AcceptCookies
Never
This cookie that tells us that you have accepted cookies from this site and allows us to stop showing you the same message each time you visit the site.
Bookfit
status_bookfit_Home_visited
1 year
This cookie tells us that you ahve seen the Manager / Customer pop up and allows us to stop showing you the same message each time you visit the site.
Optional cookies
Provider
Description / Purpose
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We use this Plug-in to allow us to provide a better user experience to you and only use it on the basis that Google adheres to its own Privacy Policy.
The Google Privacy policy
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html
I have
optional cookies on this website.
How to control and delete cookies
BookFit will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you unless you willingly provide it. However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by this website, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit
www.aboutcookies.org
which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies.
For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
We do not use 'spyware', that is web bugs or hidden identifiers or other similar devices to gain access to information, store hidden information or to trace you activities.
Traffic data
We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by the server. This includes your IP address, the website address you visited before ours, the website address you visit after leaving our site and which pages you visit on our site. We do not store or analyse this traffic data in a way that identifies any individual. We also use Google Analytics for site statistics – see 'Cookies’ above for details of how this works.
What we do with your information
How we use it
We use your information to provide you with relevant support, information or other content and services that you request.
We will keep you on our mailing lists until you ask us not to contact you further. See Finding out more below for details of how to opt-out of mailings from us.
When we share it
We may disclose your information to third parties in certain circumstances.
Suppliers who process information on our behalf, such as our IT service providers. They will have incidental access to your information but will be obliged to act only on our instructions and to keep your information secure.
We may disclose your information to law enforcement or regulatory bodies if required to do so by them.
We may also disclose your information to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings or if otherwise required to do so by law.
Your information will not be disclosed to or shared with any third party except as specified above.
How we keep it secure
Only authorised personnel and contractors have access to your information.
We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Transfers outside Europe
Data protection legislation is harmonised throughout the European Economic Area (EEA), which comprises the EU member states, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Countries outside the EEA do not generally have the same level of protection for personal information as those within the EEA.
Because of the way the Internet works, it is possible that the information you provide to us could be routed via countries outside the EEA. However this is not considered a ‘transfer’ under data protection legislation and unless you are from outside the EEA, we will not transfer any information we collect from you outside the EEA without your permission or as permitted by law.
Further information about data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found at
http://www.ico.gov.uk
Finding out more
You can ask us to stop sending you material at any time by
emailing us
. Please specify what you wish us to do clearly.
Further information about data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found on the Information Commissioner’s website.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.