OutOfTheBit Ltd ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy explains why we ask for your consent for collecting and processing your personal data (or why and in which cases we ask for your consent on behalf of third parties); what type of data we (or our partners) will collect and process and what are your rights regarding those processes.
Please read this document carefully.
Our apps use Game Center and Google Play Services in order to show you a Leaderboard. Therefore, we do not collect nor process any of your personal data in order to show you a Leaderboard on those games; our partners do it, instead, so please refer to Terms&Conditions/Privacy Notes from them in order to know more about how they treat your data and your rights on that regards. Your consent to collect and process, in that case, would have been gathered by those providers when you subscribed to their services.
As most of our apps are free to download and play, in order to support our independent studio we show ads in our games from trusted providers and in a responsible manner. The ads providers we currently use are Google and Unity. The providers we use may vary in time and you will be notified should this happen. Those providers may show you ads according to your interests and in order to do so they need to collect and process some of your personal data. For these reasons we ask, on their behalf, for your consent to have some of your personal data collected and processed by them. Please refer to Terms&Conditions/Privacy Notes from those providers to know more about how they treat your data, what data they collect and other related information.
Google:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Unity:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
These providers may share your data with third party ad technology providers for the sole purpose of ad personalisation. Please click here for a list of ad technology providers your data might be shared with.
We ask for your consent through a message shown to you when you open our apps (usually the first time you open them or the first time you open them after the 25th of May 2018).
If you do not consent or at any point you withdraw your consent, you will be shown non-personalised ads (not based on your past behavior, interests and choices).
You have the right to change your mind and withdraw your consent and you can review your options from the menu of the app, opening the privacy menu and choosing the personalised ads consent option.
You also have the right to review what data the ad providers hold about you, check how those data are used and ask ad providers to permanently erase your personal data. Please refer to Terms&Conditions/Privacy Notes from those providers to know more about your rights, your data and the tools they provide -
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites
.
Alternatively, you can contact us writing an email to
info@outofthebit.com
.
In most games, we ask users to clearly state (checking a box in our consent dialogue) to be above 16 years of age before being asked to give us permission to collect and process their data. Parents or legal guardians may give consent on behalf of their child through the same dialogue. Any user of our app who is under 16 years of age and who didn't have had consent given by their parent or legal guardian will be shown non-personalised ads and will not be included in the OutOfTheBit Global High-Score. Please check other game service providers' "Under 16 policy" for those apps that have their Leaderboards processed by those services.
Cookies may be stored in your device for statistics and reporting purposes. If you continue to use our apps, we will assume that you agree to the use of such cookies.
Our site/apps may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites/apps of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.
If you follow a link to any of these websites/apps, please note that these websites/apps have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites/apps.
For any further information on OutOfTheBit Privacy Policy and our GDPR compliance please or for any questions, please write to
info@outofthebit.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools