FAQ
Contact us
Report an issue
Safety advice
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last revised on 01/11/2021
Welcome to Soudfa's Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
At Soudfa, our core competence is to bring people together, but your privacy is just as high on the list of things we prioritise.
We're grateful for the trust you've shown us, by letting us in to your life. We work hard to create a platform, with the services and features you love and feel safe with.
To us, the most important thing is that you enjoy your experience when you're looking for the one and only, while we take care of your privacy.
Read along, step by step and learn how we do ours, to protect you privacy on Soudfa.
We Don't Compromise with Your Privacy
We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. When we produce new features for you, we always take you into great consideration, to ensure, a decision is not implemented without regards to your privacy.
We Strive to Be Transparent in the Way We Process Your Data
Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We want to take the exact opposite approach, which is why we've written our Privacy Policy in a simple language. We think it's important, you can read and actually understand what's "in small print”.
Should you need any further explanation or have other relevant questions, you're always welcome to contact us. Our support team is always ready to assist you.
We Strive to Keep Your Data Safe
Our team is dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
We appreciate that you trust us with your data and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your data. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum, in order not to loose grip.
Who We Are
“We”, or “us”, who have the pleasure of creating Soudfa for you, and who's responsible for your data under this Privacy Policy (the “data controller”) is:
Amsiq A/S
Jernbanepladsen 1, 2800 Kongens Lyngby, Denmark
Where This Privacy Policy Applies
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by Soudfa. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we've added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy -- not this Privacy Policy -- applies.
Data We Collect
It goes without saying, we can't help you meet new people without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you'd like to meet. We also collect information generated as you use our services, fx. access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.
Data You Give Us
You choose to give us certain data when using our services. This includes:
When you create an account, you provide us with at least your login credentials, as well as some basic details necessary for the service to work, such as your gender and date of birth.
When you complete your profile, you can share with us additional information, such as details on your personality, lifestyle, interests and other details about you, as well as content such as photos and videos. To add certain content, like photos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album. Some of the data you choose to provide us may be considered “special” or “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation and religious beliefs. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that data.
When you subscribe to a paid service or make a purchase directly from us (rather than through a platform such as iOS or Android), you provide us or our payment service provider with information, such as your debit or credit card number or other financial information.
When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the data that you use to register or enter.
If you contact us, we collect the data you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process data of other people (fx. if another member should provide us with some objections regarding your behaviour on our services), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
Of course, we also process your chats with other members as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.
Data We Receive from Others
In addition to the data you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other users
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. We may fx. collect data about you from other users if they contact us about you
Using your social media details to sign in to Soudfa
When you sign in to our App using your Facebook account, you give permission to Facebook to share with us your name and profile picture. Unless you opt-out, you also give permission to Facebook to share with us your email address (if there is one associated with your Facebook account), date of birth, profile photos, gender, page likes and current city.
	If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to share your Apple login, a name (that can be edited by you) and an email (you can choose to hide your email and Apple will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private). This email address will be linked to your Soudfa account and will be used to retrieve your Soudfa account.
	We will then use this personal data to form your Soudfa account. If you remove the Soudfa app from your Facebook settings, or from your Apple ID, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that we received when you first set up your Soudfa account using your Facebook or Apple ID (you must delete your Soudfa account entirely for us to no longer have access to this data).
Linking social media accounts to your Soudfa account
You may link your Soudfa account with your Instagram or Facebook accounts. This allows you to share some information from those accounts directly to your Soudfa account (for example, Instagram or photos).
	We only receive the limited information that Instagram permits to be transferred (as detailed by Instagram/Facebook and agreed by you when you first connect your account from such platforms with your Soudfa account).
	If you no longer want to link your Soudfa account to your Instagram or Facebook account, please visit the settings in your Instagram or Facebook account and follow the instructions to remove the Soudfa app access permissions. Please note that any information already added to your Soudfa account from those platforms will not be deleted unless you delete it within your Soudfa account as well.
Other partners
We may receive information about you from our partners, for instance where Soudfa ads are published on a partner's websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign's success).
Data Collected When You Use Our Services
When you use our services, we collect data about which features you've used, how you've used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage information
We collect data about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (fx., date and time you logged in, features you've been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring web page address, advertising that you click on) and how you interact with other users (fx., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
Device information
We collect data from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
	Hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (fx., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
	Data on your wireless on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
	Information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.
Other data with your consent
If you give us permission, we can collect your precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) through various means, depending on the service and device you're using, including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. The collection of your geolocation may occur in the background even when you aren't using the services if the permission you gave us expressly permits such collection. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it.
	Similarly, if you consent, we may collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services).
Cookies and Other Similar Data Collection Technologies
We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (fx., web beacons, pixels) to recognise you and/or your device(s). In the next section, you may read our Cookie Policy for more information on why we use them (such as authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, analysing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, allowing you to use social features) and how you can better control their use, through your browser settings and other tools.
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) feature that tells a website that a user doesn't want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website that responds to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain data about the browser's user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many businesses, including Soudfa, do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, what types of cookies are placed on your device when you visit our website and how we use them.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your device's memory. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (fx. when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain information about your device, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our services.
Are There Different Types of Cookies?
First-party and third-party cookies
There are first-party cookies and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are placed on your device directly by us. For example, we use first-party cookies to adapt our website to your browser's language preferences and to better understand your use of our website. Third-party cookies are placed on your device by our partners and service providers. For example, we use third-party cookies to measure user numbers on our website or to enable you to share content with others across social media platforms.
Session and persistent cookies
There are session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies only last until you close your browser. We use session cookies for a variety of reasons, including to learn more about your use of our website during one single browser session and to help you to use our website more efficiently. Persistent cookies have a longer lifespan and aren't automatically deleted when you close your browser. These types of cookies are primarily used to help you quickly sign-in to our website again and for analytical purposes.
What About Other Tracking Technologies, like Web Beacons?
Other technologies such as web beacons (also calls pixel tags or clear gifs), tracking URLs or software development kits (SDKs) are used for similar purposes. Web beacons are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enables us to recognise when someone has visited our service or opened an email that we have sent them. Tracking URLs are custom generated links that help us understand where the traffic to our web pages comes from. SDKs are small pieces of code included in apps, which function like cookies and web beacons.
	For simplicity, we also refer to these technologies as “cookies” in this Cookie Policy.
What Do We Use Cookies For?
Like most providers of online services, we use cookies to provide, secure and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognising you when you visit our website and personalising and tailoring ads to your interests. To accomplish these purposes, we also may link information from cookies with other personal information we hold about you.
	When you visit our website, some or all of the following types of cookies may be set on your device. Below, are the description of the different types of cookies we use.
Essential website cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Analytics cookies
These cookies help us understand how our website is being used, how effective marketing campaigns are, and help us customise and improve our websites for you.
Advertising cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, selecting advertisements that are based on your interests and measuring the number of ads displayed and their performance, such as how many people clicked on a given ad.
Social networking cookies
These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our website through third-party social networking and other websites. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
How Can You Control Cookies?
There are several cookie management options available to you. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our site.
Browser and devices controls
Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. The procedure for managing cookies is slightly different for each internet browser. You can check the specific steps in your particular browser help menu.
You also may be able to reset device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device. The procedure for managing device identifiers is slightly different for each device. You can check the specific steps in the help or settings menu of your particular device.
Interest-based advertising tools
You can opt out of seeing online interest-based advertising from participating companies through the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
or
Appchoices
(apps only).
Opting out doesn't mean you won't see advertising - it means you won't see personalised advertising from the companies that participate in the opt-out programs. Also, if you delete cookies on your device after you opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Social Cookies
To allow you to share content on social media, some features of this website use social media plug-ins (fx., Twitter™ “Share to Twitter” or LinkedIn™ “in” buttons). Depending on your social media account settings, we automatically receive data from the social media platform when you use the corresponding button on our website.
	To learn more about social media cookies, we suggest you refer to your social media platform's cookie policy and privacy policy.
Google™ Cookies
Stuff Google wants to make sure you know about Google's data collection technology, Google™ Maps API Cookies
Some features of our website and some Soudfa services rely on the use of Google™ Maps API Cookies. Such cookies will be stored on your device.
	When browsing this website and using the services relying on Google™ Maps API cookies, you consent to the storage, collection of such cookies on your device and to the access, usage and sharing by Google of the data collected thereby.
	Google™ manages the information and your choices pertaining to Google™ Maps API Cookies via an interface separate from that supplied by your browser. For more information, please see
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/
.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, which is a Google service that uses cookies and other data collection technologies to collect data about your use of the website and services in order to report website trends.
	You can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting www.google.com/settings/ads or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
How We Use Data
The main reason we use your data is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your data to help keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our services, including order management and billing
To help you connect with other users
Analyse your profile, activity on the service, and preferences to recommend meaningful connections to you and recommend you to others. For more information on our profiling and your algorithm wingman, please see our
FAQ
Show users' profiles to one another
To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience on all of our services. We do this by linking devices and browser data, such as when you log into your account on different devices or by using partial or full IP address, browser version and similar data about your devices to help identify and link them.
To provide new Soudfa services to you
Register you and display your profile on new Soudfa features and apps
Administer your account on these new features and apps
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Administer contests, discounts or other offers
	Develop, display and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our services and other sites
	Communicate with you by email, phone, social media or mobile device about products or services that we think may interest you
To improve our services and develop new ones
Administer focus groups and surveys
Conduct research and analysis of users' behaviour to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users' behaviour)
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users)
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorised activities
Address ongoing or alleged misbehaviour on and off-platform
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our Terms
To process your data as described above, we rely on the following legal bases
Provide our service to you: Most of the time, the reason we process your data is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service to meet the one you're looking for, we use your data to maintain your account and your profile, to make it visible to other users and recommend other users to you.
Legitimate interests: We may use your data where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyse users' behaviour on our services to continuously improve our offerings, we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process data for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your data for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Data used for Moderation Practices
We use a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to monitor and review accounts (including photos and any other information uploaded onto user profiles) and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms and Conditions of Use. If an account or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms and Conditions of Use are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will be subject to a warning and the user’s access restricted and/or blocked. Affected Users can contact Soudfa to contest the decision.
	If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to terminate or restrict access to your Account.
How We Share Data
Since our goal is to help you meet the one you're looking for, the main sharing of users' information is, of course, with other users. We also share some users' information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services and, in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for more details about how your data is shared with others.
With other users
You share data with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your data and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being publicly visible, since neither you nor we can control what others do with your data, once you share it.
	If you choose to limit the audience for all or part of your profile or for certain content or information about you, then it will be visible according to your settings.
With our service providers and partners
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations.
	We may also share data with partners who distribute and assist us in advertising our services. For instance, we may share limited data on you in hashed, non-human readable form to advertising partners.
	We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner. All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your data if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganisation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your data if reasonably necessary: (I) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government/law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (II) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (III) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share data: (I) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (II) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (III) to enforce our agreements with you; and (IV) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your data with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the data.
	We may use and share non-personal data (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information, general demographics and general behavioural data), as well as personal data in hashed, non-human readable form, under any of the above circumstances. We may also share this data with third parties (notably advertisers) to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our services and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyse and report on the advertising you see. We may combine this data with additional non-personal information or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form collected from other sources. More information on our use of cookies and similar technologies can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
Sharing of information involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. As an example, where the service allows for users to be located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), their personal information is transferred to countries outside of the EEA. We use standard contract clauses approved by the European Commission or other suitable safeguard to permit data transfers from the EEA to other countries. Standard contractual clauses are commitments between companies transferring personal data, binding them to protect the privacy and security of your data
Sharing your personal data with Marketing Services Providers
We partner with providers of marketing services (such as Facebook for example) (‘Marketing Services Providers’) to help us market and advertise our App and services on third party websites and applications and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. For example:
To exclude you from advertising campaigns aimed at finding new users, if you already have a Soudfa account;
To show Soudfa adverts to users who have visited the Soudfa App/Sites but haven’t yet created a Soudfa account;
To create an audience for our advertisements of other potential users who have similar characteristics to you based on the information the Marketing Service Providers holds about you (also known as a Lookalike Audience); or
To include you in a ‘custom audience’ that will receive Soudfa advertising content (a custom audience is essentially a list of people who we think are most likely to be interested in a particular advertisement).
We share a limited amount of your personal data with these Marketing Services Providers, such as:
The advertising identifier associated with your device (this is a random number assigned by your mobile device manufacturer (for example Apple or Google) to your device to help advertisers (including the manufacturer) know when an ad has been viewed or clicked in an app, and when an ad causes a ‘conversion’ (for example, downloading the app advertised to you))
Your estimated location (based on your IP address)
Age and gender
Data about your visit to our Sites or App and action taken on those (for example if you downloaded our App or created an account with our App)
A hashed* version of your email address (to create ‘custom audiences’).
Hashing is a way of encrypting information by turning it into a combination of random numbers and letters - this code cannot be traced back to the email address. When hashed email addresses are sent to a Marketing Service Provider, they’re then matched against the Provider’s own existing list of their own users’ hashed information and our ads are served to those of our users who have successfully been matched with the Provider’s. Matched and unmatched hashes are then deleted by the Provider.
For more information about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, including how you can set and manage your preferences with regards to such technologies, please see our Cookie Policy.
	Some platforms require user consent before Soudfa is permitted to use data gained through the platform for advertising purposes and where this is the case, Soudfa will only use this data where the necessary consent has been obtained. Through your device’s privacy settings, you also have the option to prevent or limit device identifiers being shared with third party advertisers and what use is made of the device identifiers. If you would like more information about your choices and how you can stop your device identifiers being shared with third party advertisers, please visit this page.
In some cases, these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example they may aggregate your data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising related services provided to other clients.
Sharing with Facebook
Where we share data with Facebook as our Marketing Service Provider (including via the Facebook “Like” function), we are Joint Data Controllers with Facebook Ireland for this processing. This arrangement means that Soudfa has to provide you this notice, but you should contact Facebook if you wish to exercise your data protection rights. Further information, including how Facebook enables you to exercise your data protection rights, and subsequently processes your information as independent data controller can be found in Facebook Ireland’s Data Policy. If you want more information relating to the nature of the arrangement we have in place with Facebook, please email DPO@team.Soudfa.com.
This data referred to above can include actions that you take on our website such as your interactions with our Sites or other information collected from cookies or similar technologies including the Facebook pixel. This allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you and people like you (including on social media such as Facebook).
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of your data, so we've provided you with the following tools
Access/Update tools in the service
Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete data that you provided to us and that's associated with your account directly within the service. If you have any questions on those tools and settings, please contact us for help.
Device permissions
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Data Retention and Deletion
You can delete your account by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service.
	We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for the legal basis relied upon (as set out in the section above) and as permitted by applicable law.
	You may permanently delete your Account at any time (although we really hope you don’t)
	When your Account is deactivated, we take reasonable efforts to make sure it is no longer viewable on the App. For up to 28 days, it is still possible to restore your Account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. After 28 days, we begin the process of deleting your personal information from our systems, unless:
We must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, if you make purchases within the App, some personal data may need to be kept for accounting purposes);
We must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
There is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
The information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing Users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behaviour or security incidents from opening a new account.
Where Soudfa uses machine learning, for example, to help us detect and prevent fraudulent card transactions, and to detect and prevent spam communications on the App (as explained above), we may need to keep personal information for a longer period than the retention periods explained above, to enable the machine learning to work properly. Where this is the case, we always seek to minimise the amount of personal information that is used and we ensure that it is ring-fenced and kept securely from other User personal information. We regularly review the period for which personal information is required for machine learning purposes and delete any identifiable information when it is no longer required.
To prevent abuse and/or misuse of Soudfa by a User following termination or deletion of a profile/Account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that User does not open a new Account and profile in breach of our Terms and Conditions of Use and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations.
Warning: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your Account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by others. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:
Reviewing your data
Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal data we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of your personal data by putting in such a request.
Updating your information
If you believe that the data we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
	Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal data, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
Uninstall
You can stop all data collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your device will continue to be stored. If you reinstall the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
Accountability
In certain countries, including in the European Union, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. The data protection authority you can lodge a complaint with notably may be that of your habitual residence, where you work or where we are established.
How We Protect Your Data
We work hard to protect you from unauthorised access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal data. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your data, we do can’t guarantee, that your personal data will always remain secure.
	We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our data collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organisational security measures.
	We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or data is no longer secure, please notify us immediately.
How Long We Retain Your Data
We keep your personal data only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. To protect the safety and security of our users on and off our services, we implement a safety retention window of three months following account deletion. During this period, account data will be retained although the account will of course not be visible on the services anymore.
In practice, we delete or anonymise your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after two years of continuous inactivity, unless:
We must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
We must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);
There's an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
The information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behaviour or security incidents from opening a new account.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot guarantee that all data will be deleted within a specific time frame due to technical constraints.
Children's Privacy
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service.
Privacy Policy Changes
Because we're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you meet the one you're looking for, this policy may change over time. We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here's how you can reach us:
Online:
Here
By post: Amsiq A/S, Jernbanepladsen 1, 2800 Kongens Lyngby, Denmark
CVR: 34490414
Cookie Consent Declaration
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Functionality
Unclassified
Save
Cookies consent ID:
Strictly necessary
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
G_ENABLED_IDPS
Google LLC
.www.soudfa.com
1 year 1 month
Used to Sign in with Google
CookieScriptConsent
CookieScript
www.soudfa.com
3 months
This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.
session
www.soudfa.com
Session
Session cookies expire once you log off or close the browser. They are only stored temporarily and are destroyed after leaving the page. They are also known as transient cookies, non-persistent cookies, or temporary cookies.
Performance
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
_ga_K2G6D4ZQ20
.www.soudfa.com
1 year 1 month
This cookie is used by Google Analytics to persist session state.
__eoi
.soudfa.com
6 months
This cookie is used to record user engagement and interaction with the website, helping to improve user experience and analyze website performance.
_ga
Google LLC
.www.soudfa.com
1 year 1 month
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.
Targeting
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
NID
Google LLC
.google.com
6 months 3 days
This cookie is set by DoubleClick (which is owned by Google) to help build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites.
sb
Meta Platform Inc.
.facebook.com
1 year 1 month
Facebook browser identification, authentication, marketing, and other Facebook-specific function cookies.
bt
Oracle Corporation
www.soudfa.com
1 month
Behavioural targeting cookie
_gcl_au
Google LLC
.www.soudfa.com
3 months
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services
IDE
Google LLC
.doubleclick.net
1 year
This cookie is set by Doubleclick and carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.
Functionality
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
country
www.soudfa.com
1 month
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
__Host-GAPS
Google LLC
accounts.google.com
1 year 1 month
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
lang
www.soudfa.com
1 month
There are many different types of cookies associated with this name, and a more detailed look at how it is used on a particular website is generally recommended. However, in most cases it will likely be used to store language preferences, potentially to serve up content in the stored language.
Unclassified
Cookie report
Name
Provider /
          Domain
Expiration
Description
CrossDomainCookieScriptConsent_172
.crossdomain.cookie-script.com
3 months
app
www.soudfa.com
1 month
app_id
www.soudfa.com
1 month
outdated
www.soudfa.com
1 year