Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Privacy Policy
Thank you for using Vezeeta. Your trust is important to us and we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. The information you shared with us helps us to provide a great experience with Vezeeta. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices for all Services we offer worldwide. The term “Vezeeta”, “us” or “we” refer to Vezeeta LLC and the term “User”, “you”, “yours” refer to yourself as the User of Vezeeta’s Services This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of Use, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our platform. Depending on your activities when visiting our platform, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions
1. Information We Collect
1.1. Vezeeta is committed to maintaining privacy protections for its Users. Our Privacy Policy is designated to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us. When you visit Vezeeta, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or doctors that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to Vezeeta, and information about how you interact with Vezeeta.
1.2. We also collect information from you when you register on Vezeeta’s Website, book a doctor’s appointment or subscribe to our newsletter. When booking or registering on our Website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and date of birth (“Personal Information”).
1.3. We may also request that you provide us with information to collect payment from your credit or debit card. After a transaction, this private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financial data, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
1.4. You may request that we delete this information at any time, or unsubscribe from emails through your account settings or by following the detailed instructions at the bottom of each email.
2. How We Use Your Data
2.1 We use some of the information we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize Vezeeta (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site or application, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
2.2 We use the Personal Information that we collect generally to fulfill any bookings made through Vezeeta, to communicate with you, screen for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
3. Protecting Your information
3.1 We strive to protect your information using international protection standards and implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place a booking or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
3.2 We scan our website and application regularly for security holes and vulnerabilities to ensure your visit to our site is as a secure as possible. We protect our website through a Web Application Firewall, which filters and monitors the traffic between a web-application and the internet. It detects and blocks common application layer vulnerabilities at the network edge.
3.3 We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment Gateway Providers’ database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
3.4 We store our data with external provider that holds industry-recognized certifications and audits, including PCI DSS Level 1, ISO 27001, FISMA Moderate, FedRAMP, HIPAA, and SOC 1 (formerly referred to as SAS 70 and/or SSAE 16) and SOC 2 audit reports.
3.5 We also ensure all of our data is password protected, and enabled with multi-factor authentication. Not every member of the Vezeeta team is able to access any data collected, only those with specific roles are permitted to view the data collected. When we store your data on our servers, we pseudonymize and encrypt it to maintain anonymity and provide an additional layer of security in case of a data breach.
4. How Long We Keep Your Data
4.1 The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After the expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of our services.
4.2 We process and store your personal data only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage. Accordingly, if we have your email address because we provide certain services to you, we keep that email address throughout the time we provide those services to you.
4.3 Essentially, we maintain your data until the deletion of your account. You can view the data we collect from you at any time, and may request its deletion at any time through your account settings.
5. Cookie Usage Policy
5.1 Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the Website or the service providers’ systems to recognize your browser, capture and remember certain information.
5.2 We use cookies to enhance your experience, for analytics, and to show you offers tailored to your previous visits to our website. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
5.3 If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
6. Non-Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
6.1 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our Website’s policies, or protect our rights or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor’s information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
6.2 All payment details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
7. Disclosure Regarding Google Display Advertising:
7.1 We implement Google Analytics features that use Display Advertising information for Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
7.2 You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, by going to the Google Analytics opt-out page.
7.3 We, along with third-party vendors (including Google), use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookies) to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Website. You can read more about the cookies used by Google Analytics advertising features, by going to the Google Analytics Privacy Policy page.
8. Third-Party Links
8.1 We may include or offer third party products or services on our Website. These third parties’ sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these sites. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
9. Your Rights
9.1 You have the right granted to obtain from us the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed. You can contact us at any time to claim this right.
9.2 You have the right to request the information that is currently being processed by us. You can also ask us for the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations; where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source.
9.3 You have the right to let us know when your information changes, and the information we have on file is no longer accurate. Considering the purposes of the processing, you shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including using providing a supplementary statement.
9.4 You have the right to request the erasure of personal data without undue delay.
9.5 You shall have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
9.6 You shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you. We shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of you, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
9.7 You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time.
10. Terms of Use
10.1 Please visit our Terms of Use establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Website at www.vezeeta.com
11. Your Consent
11.1 By using our Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
11.2 The Website’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy may be changed or updated occasionally to meet legal requirements and standards. Therefore, you are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the Website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted
12. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the email
customercare@vezeeta.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.vezeeta.com/en/Generic/DoctorsPrivacyPolicy:
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Doctors Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Thank you for using Vezeeta’s Services. These Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”) are a legally binding agreement made by and between Vezeeta, (“Vezeeta” and/ or “us”), and you, acting in your capacity as individual and, if applicable, on behalf of the entity, you are legally representing or for whom you are using this application (collectively, “Provider”, “you”, “your”, “yours”).
All reference to the Terms encompasses any terms, guidelines, and rules approved/provided by Vezeeta.
You understand that by using these Services you acknowledge and agree that Vezeeta will treat your use of the Services as an acceptance of the Terms and to be fully bound thereby.
These Terms govern your access to and use of www.vezeeta.com in addition to any other website owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by Vezeeta (collectively, the “Site”) and the products, Services or applications (the “Application”) offered or developed by Vezeeta (collectively the “Services”). Further, these terms, as amended from time to time, govern your use of any online Services that may be provided by Vezeeta to which you have access, as well as any Service that requires an Internet connection or Vezeeta’s Origin account to access or install, as well as any other account you use to access online products or Services offered by Vezeeta.
1. Our Services
1.1 Our Services constitutes of a technology platform that allows users of Vezeeta’s Application or Site to search and book appointments with you as an independent healthcare provider Providers subscribed on our platform, including clinics, hospitals, medical professionals, laboratories, and other health services. In another words, we permit users to easily access Providers, such as yourself, to receive medical treatment.
1.2 IT IS CRUCIAL TO UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE WHOLLY AND SOLELY RESPONSIBLE TO PROVIDE USERS WITH THE BEST MEDICAL ADVICE TREATMENT SUITED TO THEIR MEDICAL NEEDSTHEY NEED AND TO OFFER AND TO PRESENT THEM WITH THE CORRECT, AND ACCURATE AND EFFICIENT TREATMENT THEY SEEK FROM YOU.HEALTHCARE ADVICE. WE DO NOT -AND DO NOT INTEND TO- PRACTICE MEDICINE. WE ONLY HELP CONNECT YOU TO USERS SEEKING HEALTHCARE CONSULTATION AND TREATMENT.YOU REACH OUT FOR A TRAFFIC OF USERS SEEKING MEDICAL ADVICE FROM YOUR PART.
1.3 The Services are not intended for use by you if you, or the entity you are an affiliate thereto, or the entity you are the representative thereof, are/is legally unauthorized to practice your/its profession or conduct your/its activities. By agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to Vezeeta that you and your entity are/is legally licensed to conduct your/its professional activities.
1.4 You agree that materials available through our Services are for informational purposes or for facilitating the user’s activities only, and do not act as a substitute for professional medical advice. The information and Services on this Website are provided only for activities related to medical professions, and are not intended for to be directly presented to patients. Vezeeta, its licensors, and its suppliers are not responsible for any breaches of disclosures of content from this Website to any third parties including but not limited to patients.
2. License
2.1 By using our Services, we hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sub licensable, right to: (i) access, upload and use our mobile application or website for the sole purpose of using our Services; and (ii) access and use information and materials provided, made available or otherwise found on our Content.
2.2 This license is not intended to be sub-assigned, sold, rented, leased, exported, imported, distributed, transferred or otherwise granted to third parties, nor is such license intended for commercial use. You are only licensed to use our Services for personal, non-lucrative, noncommercial use.
2.3 You are prohibited from probing, scanning, or testing the vulnerability of any system or network breach or otherwise circumventing any security or authentication measures, accessing, tampering with, or using non-public areas of the Service, or shared areas of the Service you have not been invited to, Vezeeta’s or Vezeeta’s service providers’ computer systems; interfering with or disrupting any user, host, or network, for example by sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing any part of the Services; planting malware or otherwise using the Services to distribute malware, access or search the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces (for example, “scraping”), sending unsolicited communications, promotions, advertisements, or spam, sending altered, deceptive or false sourcing information, including “spoofing” or “phishing”, publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or infringes others’ rights, promote or advertise products or services other than your own without appropriate authorization; impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; publish or share materials that are unlawfully pornographic, indecent, or advocating bigotry, religious, racial or ethnic hatred, violating the law in any way, the privacy of others, or to defame others.
3. Restrictions
3.1 Providers shall not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication measures, access, tamper with, or use non-public or non-shared areas of the Services; interfere with or disrupt any host or network, overload, flood, spam, or mail-bomb any part of the Services; plant malware or otherwise use the Services to distribute malware, access or search the Services by any means other than our publicly supported interfaces, send unsolicited communications, promotions, advertisements, plant deceptive or false sourcing information, including “spoofing” or “phishing”, publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or infringes others’ rights, promote or advertise products or services other than their own; share unlawful, indecent or defamatory material, or share content advocating bigotry, religious, racial or ethnic hatred.
3.2 Subject to these Terms, you are hereby granted a limited, revocable, non-exclusive right to use the content and materials on the application in the normal course of use of the application. You may not use any third-party intellectual property without the express written permission of the applicable third party, except as permitted by law.
4. Provider Registration and Passwords
4.1 In order to access the Provider features of the Services, you will need to register with Vezeeta and create an account through the online registration process on the Website. Your account gives you access to the Services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. In creating an account, you must provide Vezeeta with accurate and complete registration information, as prompted in the registration form. You must promptly notify Vezeeta if any of this information changes. If you fail to provide or update this information, Vezeeta may, in its sole discretion, terminate your right to use the application or the Services.
4.2 In case this is your first approach to Vezeeta, and you have duly inserted your informational data, you are kindly requested to contact Vezeeta to open an account for your practice. In case this is your first approach to Vezeeta, and you have duly inserted your informational data, you are kindly requested to contact Vezeeta to open an account for your practice. To use our Services, you will have to sign a (“Provider’s Agreement”) where you commit to legally adhere to the Terms and to download our mobile application. Additionally, you have to submit the permits, certificates and licenses proving you are duly authorized to practice medicine, as well as personal information of yours (together your “Folder”) to Vezeeta. You hereby grant Vezeeta the exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, modify, delete, enhance and distribute your Folder and to incorporate same on our platform.
4.3 When you open your account, you will be asked to choose a password. You must keep your password confidential and under no circumstances should you respond to a request for your password, particularly when it is from an individual claiming to be an employee of Vezeeta. Vezeeta’s employees will never ask for your password. You must notify Vezeeta if you receive such a request.
4.4 You will be responsible for all use of your password and account, including, without limitation, any use by any unauthorized third party. You must notify Vezeeta immediately if you believe your password or account has been obtained or may be accessed or used by any unauthorized person or entity. In addition, you must notify Vezeeta immediately if you become aware of any other breach or attempted breach of the security of the application.
4.5 You are responsible for any activity using your account, whether or not you authorized that activity. You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data or files to Vezeeta, it is your responsibility to use a secured encrypted connection to access and use the Services. Three consecutive logon failures will result in the suspension of your login information requiring you to contact Vezeeta via email to revalidate your account.
4.6 We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measure designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will be unable to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
4.7 You must take into consideration that:
• Your personal data, permits and licenses must be accurate, complete and updated at all times. Failing to do so, you acknowledge that Vezeeta has the right to terminate your use of the Services.
• You must choose a password to access your User Account and must keep it confidential at all times.
• You understand that you will be responsible for any actions/activities made on your Provider account by unauthorized third parties. You must notify us if you strongly believe your account have been hacked.
• Under no circumstances should you respond to a request for your password, particularly a request from someone claiming to be an employee of Vezeeta.
• You shall not authorize, assign or transfer your Provider account to third parties.
• You understand that you will be denied access to your account if you failed to enter your password for 2 consecutive times.
5. Consent to Communications from Vezeeta
5.1 By registering as a Provider and providing Vezeeta your email address, you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, changes in features and special offers in lieu of communication by postal mail. You may opt-out of such Service-related emails by opting out of such feature.
6. Third Party Sites
6.1 The application may contain links to third-party websites, advertisers, or services that are not owned or controlled by Vezeeta. Vezeeta has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services, and that Vezeeta’s Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such sites. If you access a third-party website from Vezeeta’s Website, you do so on your own risk. You expressly release Vezeeta from any and all liability arising out of your use of any third-party websites or services or third party owned content. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Website, including payment and delivery of goods, and any other terms (such as warranties) are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that Vezeeta shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.
7. Provider’s Created Content
7.1 By using our Services, you provide us with information, files, and folders that you submit to Vezeeta (together, “your folder”). By posting, storing or transmitting any content on or to the application, including by submitting Provider Created Content within the Website, you accept to grant Vezeeta, or represent and warrant that the owner of such content has expressly granted Vezeeta, the exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, right and license to use, reproduce, publish, translate, sublicense, copy, modify, delete, enhance and distribute such content to incorporate same on Vezeeta’s platform including but not limited to Vezeeta’s Website. This incorporation includes the act of processing such content including but not limited to products, features, image thumbnails or document previews, design choices we make to technically administer our Services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it safe. You give us the permissions we need to do all of the above for the sole and exclusive purpose of providing and promoting the Services. This permission also extends to trusted third parties.
7.2 You acknowledge that the usage of the content by Vezeeta on Vezeeta’s platform will not constitute any infringement to the intellectual property, copy rights or trademarks owned by you. Vezeeta acknowledges to collect your prior approval to disclose any content on any platforms other than Vezeeta. The refusal by the user to approve such disclosure will preclude Vezeeta from same. You retain full ownership to your folder or the format that will be created by Vezeeta as the Provider Created Content.
7.3 You understand and agree that the relationship established by and between you and Vezeeta is a management agreement to gather, acquire, collect, transfer, process, merge, and migrate data, and that you have provided it to Vezeeta for this purpose. Aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our Privacy Policy, no matter how the Services change, we won’t share your content with the law enforcement authorities, for any purpose unless you direct us to. You are solely responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, and legality of files, posts, or any other information you provided to Vezeeta. The Services provide features that allow you to share your content with others working under your supervision, which allow them to access that content folder and can copy, modify, or even share the content, so you are advised to be careful with the content you are sharing with your employees. You hereby agree and acknowledge that Vezeeta will retain your profile on Vezeeta’s platform even after you no longer access or use Vezeeta’s Services.
8. Vezeeta’s Created Content
8.1 Vezeeta’s created content encompasses all the available material on the application through the Services, including without limitation, the logos, design, text, graphics, as well as the selection, arrangement and organization thereof. It also includes the names, logos, designs, and titles of Vezeeta’s products.
8.2 Moreover, Vezeeta’s created content covers all page headers, custom graphics, button icons, scripts, trademarks or trade dress of Vezeeta. If you use such content, you must include appropriate attribution. All other trademarks, trade names and the like that appear on the application are the property of their respective owners. You shall not use any of these trademarks, trade dress, trade names, or any confusingly similar marks, dress or names, without a prior express written approval by Vezeeta or the proprietorship thereof.
8.3 You may choose to or we may invite you to submit comments, testimonials, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions about the Services, including without limitation about how to improve the Services or our products (“Ideas”). By submitting any Idea, you acknowledge that your disclosure is gratuitous, unsolicited and that will not place Vezeeta under any fiduciary or other obligation related thereto, that Vezeeta is free to disclose the Ideas on a non-confidential basis to anyone or otherwise use the Ideas without any additional compensation to you. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Ideas shall, and hereby does, constitute towards Vezeeta a perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, and irrevocable license, title and interest in all patent, copyright, trademark, and all other intellectual property and other rights whatsoever in and to the Ideas and a waiver of any claim based on moral rights, unfair competition, and any other legal base. You should not submit any Ideas to us if you do not wish to license such rights to us. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Ideas you make.
9. Your Responsibilities
9.1 The other content in the Services may be protected by the intellectual property rights of others and is deemed confidential. Please do not copy, upload, download, or share those files. You, will be fully and solely responsible and liable for what you copy, share, upload, download or otherwise use while using the Services.
9.2 You will be fully and solely responsible for maintaining, safeguarding and protecting all your data. Vezeeta will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your data, any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring any of your data, or to compensate any damages incurred to you due to the lack of protection to such data.
9.3 You will not use the Services to establish, attempt to establish, or enforce, directly or indirectly, any agreement or coordination of the prices, frequencies or amounts of any product or Service charged by Vezeeta, or otherwise engage or attempt to engage in price fixing, output restriction, or customer or market allocation. You will not use the Services, directly or indirectly, to engage in any anti-competitive, deceptive or unfair practices, or otherwise violate applicable antitrust, competition or consumer protection laws, or regulations.
9.4 Vezeeta provides accessible Services on different equipment and devices including but not limited to, certain mobile devices, and computers, which you will provide. Vezeeta is not liable to provide the required devices or the telecommunication facilities i.e. internet connection or mobile service.
10. Refunds
10.1 Charges paid by you are final and non-refundable, unless otherwise determined by Vezeeta.
10.2 The refund will be made on the same payment method, if applicable.
10.3 Vezeeta reserves its right to refund any amounts into the users account to be used in other services at its sole discretion.
10.4 Refunds are not applicable if the User is unsatisfied with the medical service provided.
10.5 A User will be entitled to a full refund if:
10.5.1. The User cancelled the reservation prior to the appointment time;
10.5.2. The Provider cancelled, or did not show-up to, the appointment for which payment was made by the User;
11. User Confidentiality
11.1 We consider the privacy and confidentiality of our Users’ personal data a sacred matter. However, we understand the nature of the service you provide and how important you need to identify certain personal information.
11.2 Therefore, we hereby grant you the access for the data deemed important to carry out your services namely the name, telephone number and e-mail address of the Users. However, the access shall be exercised for the sole purposes of enhancing internal operations and not for promotional purposes.
11.3 In the event of breach of the foregoing, you acknowledge that you will be liable defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Vezeeta, against any and all claims, proceedings or lawsuits arising out of damages, losses, injuries, costs, losses or expenses of whatever nature caused to the Users due to the divulging and disclosure of their personal information by the Provider.
12. Intellectual Property
12.1 Vezeeta respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. Vezeeta may remove content that in its sole discretion appears to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, Vezeeta will, at its sole discretion, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that a user of the Application or the Services has infringed your copyrights, trademark, or those of others, please notify Vezeeta by using the info email or by contacting the legal department of Vezeeta.
12.2 Vezeeta will retain ownership of its intellectual property rights and you may not obtain any rights therein, except as expressly set forth in a written approval. You will have no right to use, copy, display, perform, create derivative works from, distribute, transmit or sublicense any material or content available on the application, than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Services for their intended purposes and except as expressly set forth in these Terms. You may not attempt to reverse engineer any of the technology used to provide the Services. If you become aware of any conduct that violates these Terms, Vezeeta encourages you to contact us.
12.3 Our platform may contain links to third-parties’ websites, advertisers, or services that are not owned by Vezeeta. You acknowledge and understand that such content may be subject to different terms of use and privacy policies than Vezeeta’s. Therefore, the present Terms do not apply to you when accessing or using third parties’ services. If you access third parties’ websites from our Services, you do so at your own liability and you consent to releasing Vezeeta from any and all liability arising out of such use.
13. Representations and Warranties
13.1 You represent and warrant to Vezeeta that: (i) you have the full power and authority to enter into and perform your obligations under these Terms; (ii) your assent to and performance of your obligations under these Terms does not constitute a breach of or conflict with any other lawful obligations whatsoever, agreements, arrangements, any applicable laws, regulations rules; or any court sentences and rulings by which you are bound, (iii) these Terms constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations on you, enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions; (iv) you will not infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or other intellectual property of any third party while using the Website or the Services, or the right of privacy of your customers/ patients; (v) that you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in your use of the Services and the Website, including these Terms, and (vi) that you are a duly qualified physician in your field(s) of practice.
14. Warranty Disclaimer
14.1 You agree that your use of the application shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Vezeeta, its officers, directors, employees, agents, and shareholders disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the Services and your use thereof. Vezeeta makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this application's content or the content of any sites linked to this application and assumes no liability thereon.
14.2 Vezeeta does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume any responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the Services or any hyperlinked services featured in any banner or other advertising, and that Vezeeta will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third parties.
15. Limitation of Liability
15.1 You understand that you shall be responsible to offer the User a professional, accurate and proficient medical treatment generally offered by highly-skilled and qualified health care providers.
15.2 Therefore, Vezeeta will not under any circumstances be responsible for the dissatisfaction of the User with the consultation and examination held with you and his disappointment with his experience with you in general.
15.3 To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall Vezeeta, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever, arising out of, resulting from or in connection with any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our Services, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our Services, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our Services by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services, whether based on a warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company has warned about the possibility of such damages. the foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law.
15.4 You specifically acknowledge that Vezeeta shall not be liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk, harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely on you.
15.5 Moreover, that Services are controlled and offered by Vezeeta from its facilities. Vezeeta makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with their local law.
16. Indemnification
16.1 To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Vezeeta, its representatives, officers, directors, employees and agents, shareholders, (“Indemnified Parties”) harmless from any damage, loss, cost or expense (including without limitation, attorneys’ fees and costs), incurred in connection with any claim, demand or action, brought or asserted against any of the Indemnified Parties, arising out of, or in connection with, (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) alleging facts or circumstances that would constitute a breach of any provision of these Terms by you, including violations of law or allegations of violation of privacy, publicity, or intellectual property rights related to User Created Content you submit; or Vezeeta’s created contents; (iv) arising from, related to, or connected with your use of the Website or the Services violating any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; (v) any other party’s access and use of the Services with your unique username, password or other appropriate security code.
16.2 If you are obligated to provide indemnification pursuant to this provision, Vezeeta may, in its sole and absolute discretion, control the disposition of any Claim at your sole cost and expense. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not settle, compromise or in any other manner dispose of any Claim without the prior written consent of Vezeeta.
16.3 You acknowledge and undertake to defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless Vezeeta, its officers, officials, and employees from any and all claims, injuries, damages, losses or suits including attorney fees, arising out of, resulting from or in connection any fraudulent, deceptive, deceitful, counterfeiting or generally illegal act committed by you for any reason whatsoever.
16.4 The Provider shall defend, indemnify and hold Vezeeta, its officers, officials, and employees harmless from any and all claims, injuries, damages, losses or suits including attorney fees, arising out of, resulting from or in connection with any act, errors, omissions of the user.
16.5 Moreover, you acknowledge that you shall be solely liable and fully responsible for the accuracy of the diagnosis or the treatment of the patient you dealt with through Vezeeta’s Services. Vezeeta shall not be held accountable under any circumstances to endure any responsibility due to any medical error, malpractice, gross negligence committed by the physician as Vezeeta exercises the sole role of the intermediary party between the physician and the patient.
17. Force Majeure
17.1 Vezeeta will not be liable for failing to perform under these Terms by the occurrence of any event beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, fire, terrorism, natural disaster, war, boycott, labor disturbance, Internet or communications outage, interruption of service, or failure by a service provider of Vezeeta to perform its obligations.
18. Termination
18.1 Vezeeta will have the right in its sole discretion, for any reason, with no liability towards you or any third party, to terminate your account or your access to the application or Services. Such reasons may include, without limitation: (i) your breach of any part of these Terms, (ii) your violation of the rights of any third party; (iii) the invalidity of your credit card, your exceeding your credit card limit or “chargeback” of a fee or other payment; or (iv) your Provider account becoming inactive for an extended period of time.
18.2 Effect of Termination. If your account is terminated, Vezeeta may, in its sole discretion, delete any websites, files, graphics or other content or materials relating to your use of the Website or Services on servers owned or operated for Vezeeta or otherwise in its possession, and Vezeeta will have no liability to you or any third party for doing so. Following termination, you will not be permitted to use the Website or the Services. If your account or your access to the Website or Services is terminated, Vezeeta reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent unauthorized access to the Website or the Services, including, but not limited to, technological barriers, IP mapping and direct contact with your Internet Service Provider (ISP). If your account is terminated, you must immediately pay Vezeeta any fees that you owe it. Regardless of whether you have the right to access or use the Website or the Services.
19. Miscellaneous
19.1 These Terms contains the entire understanding of you and Vezeeta regarding the use of the application, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between you and Vezeeta regarding its subject matter. These Terms will be binding upon each party hereto and its successors and permitted assigns. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right, power or privilege under these Terms will be deemed as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude the other party from further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, authority, or privilege under these Terms.
19.2 You and Vezeeta are independent contractors, your relationship with Vezeeta does not constitute in any way an agency, partnership, joint venture; or employee-employer relationship.
19.3 The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions of these Terms, all of which will remain in full force and effect.
19.4 These Terms and the contract have been drawn in both languages English and Arabic, drawn in two counterparts, an original for each party to act upon it. In the event of conflict or discrepancy between the two languages of the Contract or between the Contract and the Terms, the English version and the Terms shall prevail.
19.5 Vezeeta reserves the right to update, change, or amend these Terms at any time, and for any reason by posting the amended version on the application so that the amended Terms apply on all Vezeeta’s Services, effective immediately after being posted on the application. In another words, the Service offered to you will be governed by the Terms existing on the date of the Service. Your acceptance to the Terms in its amended version, will be deemed by your continuous access and use of the application and the Services contained therein as of the effective date of any such modification.
20. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
20.1 These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Egyptian laws. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the interpretation and/ or the execution of this Agreement shall be finally resolved by arbitration before the Cairo Regional Centre for International Commercial Arbitration (the "Centre") in accordance with Centre's rules in force at the time of dispute, the arbitral panel shall be composed of one arbitrator, English shall be the language of proceedings. As an exception of the above, Vezeeta retains the discretionary right to bring proceedings before a court whose jurisdiction extends over the Provider.