Ovulation Calculator Privacy Policy
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose, store, deal and protect your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information when using our website.
By using OvulationCalculator.com, you give your consent to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the OvulationCalculator.com website and may change from time to time. It is your responsibility to keep up to date with our Privacy Policy.
Information we collect about you
Personal Information.
We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, age and other optional information we may request (“Personal Information”) only if you choose to share such information with us. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you elect not to sign up or provide such information, you may not be able to access all our services and content.
Anonymous Personal Information.
We also collect optional anonymous personal information that does not personally identify you, such as details about your menstrual cycle, fertility, health and lifestyle. This anonymous personal information is used to provide a personal experience and help you gain insight into your reproductive system and health, a core purpose of the website. We also use your anonymous personal information for research related purposes including data aggregation, data mining, machine learning and pattern recognition. The gathering and analysis of anonymous personal information from all Users helps us personalize your experience and strengthen our fertility predictions.
Non-Personal Information.
We also automatically collect anonymous non-personal information that does not identify an individual user to help us learn how users use OvulationCalculator.com. For example, each time you visit the website we automatically collect your IP address, web browser type, operating system, internet service provider, pages you visit, and the time and duration of your visit.
Cookies.
When you access our website, we may use cookies (a small file on your computer or other device, including cookies, pixel tags or other local files provided by your browser or application) (collectively “Cookies”). We use these technologies to improve the quality of the website and recognize you as a user. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your web browser to disable cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the website may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
How we store and protect your Personal Information
Keeping your Personal Information secure is a high priority. We take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information from misuse and loss and from unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. We store and process your Personal Information on computers in the US and elsewhere in the world where our facilities are located.
How we use the Personal Information we collect
The main purpose of collecting personal information is to provide you with a customized and personal experience when using OvualtionCalculator.com. We collect your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Provide you with a customized and personal experience to help you gain insight into your reproductive system and health, a core purpose of the website.
Provide our services.
Managing your user account.
Supplying and issuing account related notifications such as email verification, sign in information and reminders.
Dealing with your inquiries and customer service purposes.
Market and product analysis and development.
Marketing other products and services to you.
Enforce our
Terms of Use
and prevent any potentially prohibitive or illegal activities.
And other reasonably expected purposes.
Sharing your Personal Information
In the course of providing our services to you, we may disclose your Personal Information to other persons or organizations including:
Law enforcement or government bodies.
Your representatives or legal advisers.
Our representatives, legal advisers or other professional advisers.
Companies we plan to merge with or be acquired by. Should this occur we will require the new entity to follow our Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information.
Please note that your Personal Information may be transferred to and maintained on, computers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction where the privacy laws may be less stringent as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we store and process all information in the United States and your consent to this Privacy Policy represents your agreement and understanding to this processing.
Communication Preferences
If you do not wish to receive communications from us (alerts, notifications, education emails), you can opt out by clicking the Unsubscribe link included at the bottom of each email. You will be taken to your notifcation preferences. Switch one or more notification types to
'Off'
and then click 'Update Preferences'.
Alternatively you can sign into your account and change your notification preferences in
'Preferences, Alerts & Emails'
, under the 'More' menu.
Or simply
contact us
and let us know you want to unsubscribe.
Community Notifications (only if you join and participate in the public community message boards)
If you do not wish to receive community notifications, you can opt out by clicking the Unsubscribe link included at the bottom of each community email. You will be taken to your notifcation preferences. Switch one or more notifications types to 'Off'.
Alternatively you can sign into your account and change your notification preferences in
'My Preferences'
, under the 'My Profile'.
Or simply
contact us
and let us know you want to unsubscribe.
How you can access, change or delete your Personal Information
You can access and/or change your Personal Information by signing in to your account and reviewing 'Your Details' from the 'More' menu. You are also able to request your personal information, the purposes for which it is held, how it was collected, how it is held, used and disclosed by
contacting us
directly.
To close your account and have your data deleted
contact us
directly.
European Union
If you are a resident of the European Union for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), then in addition to what is set out above, the following also applies to you.
We are a data controller and processor for the purposes of the GDPR, and by your consenting to this Privacy Policy we are able to process your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In providing our services to you, we may make use of a number of automated processes using your Personal Information and your activity on our Site as tracked by us, in order to provide more tailored services to you such as providing fertility alerts to you through email communication, and on the Site or within our Apps.
In addition to your rights set out above, you may:
Update or rectify any of the Personal Information that we hold about you, in the manner described in the “How you can access, change or delete your Personal Information” section above.
Withdraw your consent for us to use your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy by deleting your account by
contacting us
directly.
Unsubscribe from communications by
contacting us
directly.
Request that we provide you with a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you; or
Share your Personal Information with a nominated third party.
You can request any of the above by contacting us using any of the methods set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
Contact Us
You can contact us in the follwoing ways:
Contact Us Form:
contact us
Email: questions@ovulationcalculator.com
Address: Ovulation Calculator Pty Ltd, G9/860 Nepean Hwy, Hampton East, Victoria, 3188, Australia