Prefer the old site?
Launch →
Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Articles
Videos
Maps
Cellar Watch
Delectable
Events
Tools
Vintage Chart
Glossary
Grape Guide
Your Say
Vinous Media, LLC
Terms of Service
Last modified: July 7, 2023
Please read these
Terms of
Service
in conjunction with the
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
.
1.          
INTRODUCTION
These Terms of Service (this “Agreement”)
is entered into between you (the “Subscriber,” “you” or “your”) and Vinous
Media LLC (“VM,” “we” or “us”) and applies to your use of our website located at
www.vinous.com
, our related
webpages, URLs and related digital applications (including, but not limited to,
phone and tablet applications) (collectively, the “Community”) and governs our
relationship with you. By participating in or accessing the Community, you
agree to the terms of this Agreement.
You acknowledge that this Agreement is
supported by reasonable and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of
which are hereby acknowledged. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, you acknowledge that such consideration includes your participation
in the Community and receipt of data available at or through the Community or
the possible display of your Content (as such term is defined below).
By accessing or participating in the
Community, you represent and warrant that you are of the legal age to purchase
and consume alcohol applicable in your country of residence and the country
from which you access the Community. If you do not satisfy this requirement,
you must not access or use the Community.
THESE
TERMS CONTAIN VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS,
AS WELL AS CONDITIONS, LIMITATIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS THAT MIGHT APPLY TO
YOU. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.
NOTICE OF ARBITRATION AND CLASS-ACTION WAIVER
: THESE TERMS OF USE REQUIRE YOU TO SUBMIT MOST DISPUTES TO
MANDATORY ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU AGREE TO
SUBMIT ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO THE WEBSITE, THESE TERMS OF USE OR OUR PRIVACY
POLICIES TO BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN PROCEEDING IN COURT,
EXCEPT FOR SMALL CLAIMS COURT OR AS OTHERWISE ALLOWED HEREIN. MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT ARBITRATION IS SET FORTH BELOW.
You
shall not use the COMMUNITY for any illegal purposes, and you will use it in
compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You shall not use
the COMMUNITY in a way that may cause the COMMUNITY, OR ANY FEATURES OF THE
COMMUNITY, to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or such that the
effectiveness or functionality of the COMMUNITY is in any way impaired. You
agree not to attempt any unauthorized access to any part or FEATURES of the
COMMUNITY.
2.          
ACCOUNTS
VM requires you to create an account in
order to participate in the Community.  It is a condition of your
participation in or access to the Community that the information you have
provided or will provide to VM (the “Registration Data”) is accurate, current
and complete.
Furthermore, you agree that you will not:
(a) create an account for anyone other than you without our permission, (b)
create a new account without our permission if we at any time disable your
account, (c) impersonate any third party or misrepresent your identity or
affiliation with any third party, including, but not limited to, using another
subscriber’s username, password or other account information, (d) except as may
be set out in Subsection 4(b)(iv) and Section 5 below, use your profile for
commercial purposes or commercial gain, (e) transfer or assign your account to
anyone without first getting our written permission or (f) provide your
username or password to any third party or allow any third party to access your
account.  We reserve the right to refuse, remove or change your username
as may be appropriate in our sole discretion. Please note that except as set
forth in this Agreement, subscriptions are only available for single users.
It is your responsibility to promptly
update your Registration Data to maintain its accuracy.  You additionally
agree to promptly notify us at info@vinous.com of any suspected or actual
unauthorized use of your username, password, other account information or any
other breach of security that you become aware of involving or relating to the
Community.
VM reserves the right to monitor your usage
of the Community in order to confirm your compliance with your obligations in
this Agreement and protect our rights or comply with our legal
obligations.  You acknowledge and agree that we may suspend or terminate
your account and your ability to access or participate in the Community or any
portion thereof for failure to comply with this Agreement (including, but not
limited to, the Rules of Conduct as set forth below) or for any other reason
whatsoever.  You understand that we do not conduct any independent
investigation into, or attempt to verify, the Registration Data submitted by
you or any subscriber or the accuracy or veracity of any Content Distributed by
you or any subscriber. VM will take reasonable precautions to protect your data
from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or
destruction.
Your subscription is for the term you
selected and paid for during the registration process, including any automatic
renewal terms (the “Term”) – we will not offer any partial or full
reimbursements once a subscription has been processed.  You may terminate
this Agreement by providing us with 15 days’ prior written notice of your
intent to terminate.
3.          
COMMUNITY CONTENT
Our Community contains or may contain, from
time to time, discussion boards and groups, e-mail services, news, and other
areas or methods that allow interactivity between subscriber and/or which allow
feedback to be provided (together, “Interactive Areas”). “Content” means any
content, information and/or materials posted, submitted, uploaded, embedded,
displayed, communicated or otherwise distributed (collectively, “Distributed”)
on or through the Community to Interactive Areas including, but not limited to,
comments and suggestions. In addition:
(a)       
you grant us a non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, perpetual, unlimited,
assignable, sub-licensable, fully paid up, royalty-free, worldwide license, to
copy, display, modify, perform, prepare derivative works of, improve,
distribute, publish, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, use and
commercialize, in any way now known or in the future discovered, any Content
that you Distribute to Interactive Areas or otherwise Distribute to us in
connection with the Community, without any further consent, notice and/or
compensation to you or to any third parties; and
(b)       
with respect to Content that you Distribute, you represent and warrant: (1) you
own or otherwise have all necessary rights to the Content to grant the above
license; (2) the Content is true, accurate, current and complete, and complies
with this Agreement; and, (3) the Content will not cause injury to any person
or entity.
VM reserves the right, but disclaims any
obligation or responsibility, to: (x) refuse to post or communicate or to
remove any Content from the Community that violates this Agreement and (y)
identify any subscriber to third parties, and/or disclose to third parties any
Content or personally identifiable information, when we believe in good faith
that such identification or disclosure will either (i) facilitate compliance
with laws, including, but not limited to, compliance with a court order or
subpoena, (ii) help to enforce this Agreement and/or (iii) protect the safety
or security of any person or property, including the Community. Moreover, we
retain all rights to remove any Content at any time for any reason or no reason
whatsoever. If we refuse to post or communicate or have to remove any Content
created by you, or block you in any capacity from the Community as a result of
your actions, you will not be entitled to any refund of any subscription you
have purchased.
You agree that any Content you Distribute
is not being shared in confidence or trust and that no confidential or
fiduciary relationship is intended or created between you and VM in any way,
and that you have no expectation of any review, compensation or consideration
of any type.  For avoidance of doubt, VM does not accept unsolicited
materials or ideas for use or publication, and is not responsible for the
similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or
ideas transmitted to the Community. Should you send any unsolicited materials
or ideas, you are waiving any claim against VM and its affiliates regarding the
use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is
substantially similar to the idea you sent.
You are and shall remain solely responsible
for any Content you Distribute on or through the Community and for the
consequences of submitting and posting same. We have no duty to monitor the
Community and do not have control over Content. As a result, we cannot
guarantee the veracity or accuracy of Content Distributed by other subscribers. 
You should be skeptical about information provided by others, and you
acknowledge that the use of or reliance on any Content posted in the Community
is at your own risk. VM is not responsible for, and does not endorse, the
opinions, advice or recommendations made by any subscriber and specifically
disclaims any and all liability in connection therewith.  VM owes you no
obligation, and therefore may refuse to post, deliver, remove, modify or
otherwise use or take any action with respect to any Content. WE ARE NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANOTHER SUBSCRIBER’S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY CONTENT
OR INFORMATION YOU POST IN ANY COMMUNITY FORUM(S). You agree to comply with any
additional rules which may, from time to time, be issued at particular sections
of the Interactive Areas or with respect to Content.
4.          
USE OF COMPANY CONTENT AND THE COMMUNITY
(a) Vinous exercises the following with
respect to Company Content (defined below) and the Community:
(i) Retention of Rights
All rights, information, materials,
functions, services, software and other content contained in the Community
excluding user Content, including, but not limited to, articles, reviews,
photographs, videos, logos, guides, audio clips, directories and source code
(as well as their selection and arrangement) (collectively, “Company Content”)
are our copyrighted property or the copyrighted property of our licensors. All
trademarks, service marks, trade names, and trade dress are proprietary to us
and/or our licensors or licensees. We may delete Company Content or features at
any time, in any way, in our sole discretion, and even if our doing so affects
the Distribution of your Content.
You may access the Community as it may
exist and be available on any given day and we have no other obligations,
except as expressly stated in this Agreement. We may modify, replace, refuse
access to, suspend or discontinue the Community, partially or entirely, or
change and modify prices for all or part of the services provided for you or
for all our users in our sole discretion, with or without prior notice to you.
For avoidance of doubt, we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you
a copy of any Content that you or other users provide when participating in the
Community.
The choice of the Company Content made
available on the Community at any given time is at the sole discretion
of Vinous, and may change from time to time without notice.
(ii) Limitations on Subscriber Usage
Except as set forth in our Vinous Pro
subscription and Vinous Enterprise License terms, detailed in Subsections 4(b)(iii-vi)
and Section 5, you may not copy, display, modify, perform, prepare
derivative works of, distribute, publish or commercialize any Company Content
from the Community in any way (including, but not limited to, scores alone).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the Community is configured to enable the
download of particular Company Content, you may download one (1) copy of such
Company Content to a single computer for your
strictly personal,
non-commercial use
; provided, however that you shall: (a) keep intact all
copyright and other proprietary notices, (b) make no modifications to the
Company Content, and (c) not use the Company Content in a manner that suggests
an association with us in any capacity.  All rights not expressly granted
are expressly reserved, and no other use is permitted without the prior written
permission of VM. The permitted use of Company Content described in this
Agreement is contingent on your complete compliance with this Agreement.
You may not sublicense your rights to
Company Content under this Agreement or your subscription to any third party
including, but not limited to, digital or mobile application creators, data
aggregator sites and other similar sites.
You must have a Vinous Pro/Enterprise/+/Max
Subscription to use any Company Content in any commercial manner, including,
but not limited to, publishing scores alone, subject to the terms detailed in Subsections
4(b) (iii-vi) and Section 5. Furthermore, you may not copy, display, modify,
perform, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish or commercialize,
digitally or in print, any portion of Company Content,
including scores alone, on behalf of any digital applications, data aggregators
or media sites, or use any portion of Company Content within any algorithmic
ratings system, without prior written permission from Vinous.
In connection with his, her or its
participation in the Community, you agree to abide by the Rules of Conduct set
forth in Section 7 below.  Additionally, you agree not to: (a) restrict or
inhibit any other user from participating in the Community, including, without
limitation, by means of “hacking” or defacing any portion of the Community, (b)
use the Community (or any portion thereof) for any unlawful purpose, (c)
express or imply that any statements it makes are endorsed by us, (d) modify,
adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble
any portion of the Community, (e) “frame” or “mirror” any part of the Community
without our prior written authorization, (f) use any robot, spider, site
search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to
download, retrieve, index, “data mine,” or in any way reproduce or circumvent
the navigational structure or presentation of the Community or to collect or
copy Company Content or (g) harvest or collect information about the
Community’s users without our express written consent.
Unless otherwise detailed, subscriptions
are subject to a Single User License wherein sharing access to your account
with others is a violation of this Agreement and is grounds for immediate
termination of your subscription, without a full or partial refund of your
subscription fee. Each subscription you obtain provides access to the Community
through a single account on any one personal computer or a mobile electronic
device that provides access to the Internet (“Device”). You may not make
concurrent or simultaneous use of an account on more than one Device at any one
time. If you want to access the Community on more than one Device at the same
time, you will need to obtain an additional subscription for each concurrent
usage.
Any violation of this Agreement or use
of the Company Content beyond what is specifically permitted in this Agreement
is grounds for immediate termination of your subscription without notice and
without a right of refund of your subscription fee, and may constitute an
infringement of our intellectual property rights.
(b) Subscription options are as follows:
(i)
Vinous Classic:
Full access to vinous.com and our
iOS/Android Apps, integration with CellarTracker and Delectable to see Vinous
content on those services. The Vinous Classic subscription is only available
for consumers. Members of the wine industry must have a Pro or Enterprise subscription.
-$140 for 1 year term; renewed
automatically
-Single user license
-May be purchased as a gift
(ii) Vinous Premium:
Full access to vinous.com, our iOS/Android Apps, and priority access
to Vinous events, integration with CellarTracker and Delectable to see Vinous
content on those services. The Vinous Premium subscription is only available
for consumers. Members of the wine industry must have a Pro or Enterprise
subscription.
-$210 for a 1 year term; renewed
automatically; subject to limitations as detailed below
-Single user license
-May be purchased as a gift
(iii) Vinous Pro:
Full access to Vinous content via vinous.com, iOS/Android Apps, CellarTracker,
and Delectable.
- Minimum subscription option required for users
who wish to use Vinous reviews and ratings for commercial purposes.
- $500 for a 1 year term; renewed
automatically
- Single user license; companies with
multiple users must have separate Pro subscriptions or an Enterprise
subscription
- Subscription may only be used in one
country, or if within the United States, within one state. Companies with
operations in multiple countries or, if within the United States, multiple states,
must purchase a Pro subscription for each country or, if within the United States,
for each state. For example, each distributor or entity with a different
license number within the same family group in the same country or same U.S. state
must have a separate subscription.
- Subscriber agrees to the terms specific
to Vinous Pro Subscribers, as outlined in section 5 of this document, including
limiting the use of Company Content to five hundred (500) individual tasting
notes and scores at any given time (but no more than 50 reviews from any single
article). Reviews quoted must be for wines that are physically in-stock and
available for sale (wineries are exempt from this restriction), i.e. the license
does not include “out of stock” items, futures etc. No permission is granted to
companies providing reviews for reuse by third-party commercial enterprises.
Usage must be in accordance with other terms of this Agreement.
- Wineries with a Pro subscription may (i) submit
a request for Vinous critics to taste wines that they produce for the purpose
of obtaining a review for commercial purposes. Tasting requests submitted by third
parties with a Vinous Pro subscription on behalf of winery clients may be
disregarded. (ii) Access Vinous points medals artwork that may be used on
stickers and other sales materials. (iii) Provide winery details that may be associated
with reviews from that producer, including contact information.
Please note that Vinous is committed to
supporting access for low-production artisan producers through special pricing
options. More information is available by contacting Vinous at
info@vinous.com.
(iv) Vinous Enterprise:
Full access to Vinous content via vinous.com, iOS/Android Apps, CellarTracker,
and Delectable. Reviews available via the Vinous/Liv-ex API or via the Wine Hub
platform, or other similar business services with which Vinous may collaborate
in the future.
- $2000 for a 1 year term; renewed
automatically; subject to limitations as detailed below.
- Designated email address(es) may be used
by unlimited users across the company, within the same country or, if within
the United States, within one state.
- Subscription may only be used in one
country, or if within the United States, within one state. Organizations with
operations in multiple countries or, if within the United States, multiple states,
are obliged to purchase an Enterprise subscription for each country or, if
within the United States, for each state. For example, each distributor or
entity with a different license number within the same family group in the same
country or U.S. state must have a separate subscription. Alternatively,
companies may purchase an Enterprise+ subscription, which permits usage in
multiple jurisdictions, as detailed below.
- Subscriber agrees to relevant terms
specific to Vinous Pro/Enterprise Subscribers, as outlined in section 5 of this
document. The use of Company Content is limited to one thousand, five hundred (1,500)
individual tasting notes and scores at any given time, without restrictions. Enterprise
is the minimum level of subscription required for companies providing reviews
for reuse by third-party commercial enterprises; each third-party end-user is
required to have a Vinous Pro subscription to use Content.
- Importers and third-parties  may (i) submit requests to taste on behalf of
their clients. Wineries whose wines are being submitted by importers must have
a Pro subscription to be considered for a tasting. (ii) Importer/third-party details
listed for each producer. Includes contact information, geographical considerations.
(iii) Importer/third-party subscribers: Access to Vinous points medals artwork
that may be used on stickers and other sales materials for wines represented.
Vinous Pro users may be upgraded to a Vinous
Enterprise subscription by contacting Vinous on info@vinous.com.
(v) Vinous Enterprise+:
Full access to Vinous content via vinous.com, iOS/Android Apps, CellarTracker,
and Delectable, as well as reviews available via the Vinous/Liv-ex API or via
the Wine Hub platform, or other similar business services with which Vinous may
collaborate in the future. Reviews sent as a spreadsheet each month, matched to
Liv-ex LWIN codes. Exclusive Vintage Reports for key regions, provided as a
PDF, which may be re-distributed to end consumers.
- Initiated with a fully executed rider
contract.
- Designated email address(es) may be used
by unlimited users across the company, across multiple countries or, if within
the United States, across multiple states, as applicable.
-Subscriber agrees to relevant terms
specific to Vinous Pro/Enterprise Subscribers, as outlined in section 5 of this
document. The use of Company Content is limited to three thousand (3,000)
individual tasting notes and scores at any given time, without restrictions.
Enterprise+ subscribers may provide reviews for reuse by third-party commercial
enterprises; each third-party end-user is required to have a Vinous Pro
subscription to use Content.
- Importers/third parties may (i) submit
requests to taste on behalf of their clients. Wineries whose wines are being
submitted by importers must have a Pro subscription to be considered for a
tasting. (ii) Importer/third party details listed for each producer they
represent. Includes contact information, geographical considerations. (iii) Importer/third
party subscribers: Access to Vinous points medals artwork that may be used on
stickers and other sales materials for wines represented.
Vinous Pro or Vinous Enterprise users may
be upgraded to Vinous Enterprise+ by contacting Vinous on info@vinous.com.
(vi) Vinous Enterprise Max:
Full access to Vinous content via vinous.com,
iOS/Android Apps, CellarTracker, and Delectable , as well as reviews available
via the Vinous/Liv-ex API or via the Wine Hub platform, or other similar
business services with which Vinous may collaborate in the future. Reviews sent
as a spreadsheet each month, matched to Liv-ex LWIN codes. Exclusive Vintage
Reports for key regions, provided as a PDF, which may be re-distributed.
- Initiated with a fully executed rider
contract.
- Reviews for major regional reports sent
in Excel, shortly after article has been published on Vinous. 48-hr Preview for
all Reviews and Scores, strictly under embargo until the reviews have been
published on vinous.com; Access to Vinous Editorial Calendar detailing future
publication dates and samples submission windows. Assigned account manager.
- Designated email address(es) may be used
by unlimited users across the company, across multiple countries or, if within
the United States, multiple states, as applicable.
- Subscriber agrees to relevant terms
specific to Vinous Pro/Enterprise Subscribers, as outlined in section 5 of this
document. The use of Company Content is limited to four thousand (4,000)
individual tasting notes and scores at any given time, without restrictions.
Enterprise Max subscribers may provide reviews for reuse by third-party
commercial enterprises; each third-party end-user is required to have a Vinous
Pro subscription to use Content.
- Importers/third parties may (i) submit
requests to taste on behalf of their clients. Wineries whose wines are being
submitted by importers do not require a Pro subscription to be considered for a
tasting. (ii) Importer/third party details listed for each producer they
represent. Includes contact information, geographical considerations. (iii) Importer/third
party subscribers: Access to Vinous points medals artwork that may be used on
stickers and other sales materials for wines represented.
Vinous Pro, Vinous Enterprise, or Vinous
Enterprise+ users may be upgraded to Vinous Enterprise Max by contacting Vinous
on info@vinous.com.
5.          
VINOUS PRO/ENTERPRISE SUBSCRIBER TERMS
The following terms in this Section 5 apply
only to Vinous Pro Subscribers.
(a) Permitted Use of Company
Content
Vinous Pro & Enterprise/+/Max
Subscribers:
(i) are permitted limited use the Company
Content on their website, in blogs and on flyers and promotional materials,
solely in connection with the sale or distribution of wine, and solely as
permitted by this Agreement.
(ii) are limited in their use of Company
Content to the limits as detailed in Section 4 (b). Any retention of a review
or score, whether through a public facing website or paywalled database, is
considered a use of that review or score.
(iii) Pro Users may only download and use
Company Content in direct connection with those wines you currently have “For
Sale,” which is defined as a wine that is in stock, on order, or where there is
direct means to obtain but only in connection with a legitimate offer, to sell
the wine associated with the Company Content.  For example, a review for a
wine that was previously, but no longer, available to sell on the Vinous Pro
User’s website, even if such review is for a different vintage of a wine that
is available For Sale may not be used (i.e. published via a website or stored
in an internal database).
(iv) may use the Company Content, including
scores and tasting notes, on a single website that is directly controlled and
owned by the Vinous Pro/Enterprise/+/Max subscriber. For example, hypothetical Enterprise
subscriber WineSellerCo may use Company Content on WineSellerCo.com but may not
use Company Content on another hypothetical website they control, FineWinesSeller.com.
A separate subscription would be required for such an instance.
(v) may not use the Company Content in
blogs, websites or other information related publications or formats that
provide others with general information about wines, or a particular wine, and
that is unrelated to a Vinous Pro/+/Max Subscriber’s actual sale or
distribution of a particular wine.
Furthermore, digital applications,
data aggregator sites or media sites may not copy, display, modify, perform,
prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish or commercialize,
digitally
or in print, any portion of Company Content, including scores alone, without
prior written permission from Vinous.
(vi) may not share Company Content with any
third party including, but not limited to, digital or mobile application
creators, data aggregator sites and other similar sites, whether through APIs
or other digital form, or in printed form.
(vii) may obtain rights from us to use
Company Content beyond these limitations by obtaining our prior written
consent.
(b) Attribution of Company Content
Your citation of the Company Content
must include: (i) the name of the author of the Company Content (for example,
Antonio Galloni, Galloni, A. Galloni) and the correct wine and vintage, (ii) a
citation to Company (acceptable citations are Vinous, Vinous Media, Vinous.com,
V) and (iii) if feasible and published in electronic format, a hyperlink to the
cited material. For example, a proper citation would be: Antonio Galloni,
Vinous.  Standalone scores without the tasting note should be preceded or
succeeded with “V”, for example V 94 or 94 V.  You agree to remove or
revise any such citation upon our request.  You may not, at any time,
distort the Company Content in any manner.
(c)  Subscription Usage
Vinous Pro Subscriptions comprise Single
User Licenses that must not be shared, as per sub-clause 4(a). Vinous Pro
Subscribers’ use of the Community, the Company Content and this subscription is
limited solely to (i) use by the Subscriber accessing the Community via a
Device and (ii) use in connection with your business.
You may not use the Community except as
specifically provided herein. Your subscription is specific to you, or, for
Vinous Enterprise/+/Max users, your company, and not transferable or
sub-licensable to, or usable by, any other third party including, but not
limited to, app developers. In particular, this Agreement does not authorize
you to allow third party application developers to link to or embed Company
Content that is available through your website or internal database(s) within
such third party applications via APIs or any other means.  In addition,
access to the Community using computer programs, software or routines, or by
another means, including but not limited to, Web robots, Web wanderers,
crawlers or spiders, that are designed to systematically download the Content
in any manner, is specifically and strictly prohibited.
6.          
REPRESENTATIONS
By Distributing Content, you represent and
warrant that the Content and your Distribution thereof conform to the Rules of
Conduct (as such rules are set forth below) and other requirements of this
Agreement and that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and
permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other
person or entity, to exploit, and to authorize us to exploit, such Content in
all manners contemplated by this Agreement.
To the extent any “moral rights,”
“ancillary rights,” or similar rights in or to the Content exist, you agree not
to enforce any such rights as to us or our licensees, agents, representatives
and other authorized users (including other subscribers).   If you
are in violation of any portion of this Section 6, VM may immediately (a)
suspend or terminate your account and your ability to access or participate in
the Community or any portion thereof and (b) remove any Content Distributed by
you.
7.          
RULES OF CONDUCT
By participating in the Community, you
agrees that you will not Distribute any Content that:
I.                 
infringes or violates any right of a third party including, but not limited to:
(a) copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary or
contractual rights, (b) right of privacy or (c) any confidentiality obligation;
II.                
violates any law or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion
of illegal activities with the intent to commit them, including, but not
limited to, Content that is or represents an attempt to engage in any criminal
activity;
III.                 
(a) is defamatory, false, abusive, harassing, threatening, or an invasion of a
right of privacy of another person, (b) is bigoted, hateful, or racially or
otherwise offensive, (c) is violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise
sexually explicit or (d) otherwise harms or can reasonably be expected to harm
or offend any person or entity;
IV. 
                contains
a virus or other harmful component, or otherwise tampers with, impairs or
damages the Community or any connected network, or otherwise interferes with
any user’s use or enjoyment of the Community; or
V.                 
(a) does not generally pertain to the designated topic or theme of the relevant
Interactive Area(s), (b) violates any specific restrictions applicable to an
Interactive Area or (c) is antisocial, disruptive, or destructive, including,
but not limited to,  “flaming,” “spamming,” “flooding,” “trolling,” and
“griefing” as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet.
Furthermore, you agrees that you not:
A.      
misrepresent yourself in any way to other users;
B.     
collect users’ content or information, or otherwise access the Community, using
automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without
our prior written consent;
C.     
unfairly interfere with any third party’s use of or access to the Community;
D.   
  solicit login information or attempt to access an account belonging
to other users;
E.      use
any of our copyrighted works or trademarks or any confusingly similar marks
without our prior written permission;
F.     
advertise, promote or offer to trade any goods or services within the
Community;
G.      send
repeated messages related to another use or make derogatory or offensive
comments about any individual or entity using the Community or repeat prior postings
of the same message under multiple threads or subjects; or
H.     
facilitate or encourage any violations of this Section 7.
We cannot and do not assure that other
users are or will be complying with the foregoing Rules of Conduct or any other
provisions of this Agreement, and, as between the parties hereto, you hereby
assume all risk of harm or injury resulting from any such lack of
compliance.  We may (a) suspend or terminate your account and your ability
to access or participate in the Community or any portion thereof and/or (b)
remove any Content submitted by you for failure to comply with the Rules of
Conduct or for any other reason whatsoever.
8.          
DISCLAIMERS
COMPANY CONTENT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO
APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, AVAILABILITY, SECURITY, COMPATIBILITY AND NONINFRINGEMENT. WE DO
NOT WARRANT THAT ANY CONTENT OR COMPANY CONTENT WILL BE ERROR-FREE, THAT ACCESS
THERETO WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE
COMMUNITY OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE SUCH CONTENT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES
OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. MOREOVER, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY
REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT OR
COMPANY CONTENT. SUBSCRIBER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM AGAINST US WITH
RESPECT TO CONTENT OR COMPANY CONTENT.  ANY USE OF THE COMMUNITY AND
COMPANY CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
WE NEITHER WARRANT NOR REPRESENT THAT YOUR
PARTICIPATION IN THE COMMUNITY WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES.
ANY MATERIAL, SERVICE, OR TECHNOLOGY DESCRIBED OR USED IN THE COMMUNITY MAY BE
SUBJECT TO INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OWNED BY THIRD PARTIES WHO HAVE
LICENSED SUCH MATERIAL, SERVICE, OR TECHNOLOGY TO US.
WE DO NOT HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO VERIFY THE
IDENTITY OF THE PERSONS SUBSCRIBING TO OUR SERVICES, NOR DO WE HAVE ANY
OBLIGATION TO MONITOR THE USE OF OUR SERVICES BY OTHER USERS OF THE COMMUNITY;
THEREFORE, WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR IDENTITY THEFT OR ANY OTHER MISUSE OF
YOUR IDENTITY OR INFORMATION.
WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES WE
PROVIDE WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS IN FUNCTIONING. WE
DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY SUCH INTERRUPTION OR ERRORS IN
FUNCTIONING. FURTHERMORE, WE DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONING,
IMPOSSIBILITY OF ACCESS, OR POOR USE CONDITIONS OF THE COMMUNITY DUE TO
INAPPROPRIATE EQUIPMENT, DISTURBANCES RELATED TO INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, TO
THE SATURATION OF THE INTERNET NETWORK, AND FOR ANY OTHER REASON.
THE COMMUNITY CONTAINS FACTS, VIEWS,
OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND
ORGANIZATIONS. VM DOES NOT REPRESENT OR ENDORSE THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF
ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR
DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE COMMUNITY. ANY RELIANCE UPON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE,
STATEMENT OR INFORMATION—INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY FOR PURCHASING DECISIONS AND/OR
CELLARING ANY PARTICULAR WINE—IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
9.          
INDEMNIFICATION
You are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your username, password and your account, as well as all
activities by anyone using your account. You hereby agree to indemnify, defend,
and hold us, our licensors, licensees, distributors, agents, representatives
and other authorized users, and each of the foregoing entities’ respective
officers, directors, owners, employees, agents, representatives and assigns
(collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) harmless from and against any and all
losses, damages, liabilities and costs (including, but not limited to,
settlement costs and any legal or other fees and expenses for investigating or
defending any actions or threatened actions) incurred by the Indemnified
Parties in connection with any claim (including any third party claim): (i)
arising out of your breach of this Agreement, (ii) claims arising from your
access to or participation in the Community, (iii) claims arising out of your
Distribution of Content; and (iv) claims arising from your account; including,
but not limited to, claims for defamation, trade disparagement and intellectual
property infringement and related damages.
10.        
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR (a) any
direct, indirect, incidental, EXEMPLARY, punitive, special or consequential
damage, loss or expenses SUFFERED BY YOU ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO YOUR ACCESS
TO OR PARTICIPATION IN THE COMMUNITY; (b) any damage, loss or expenses suffered
by YOU as a result of any viruses, worms, “Trojan horses” or similar programs,
denial or service attack, spamming or hacking or consequential damages; (c) any
fault, inaccuracy, omission, delay or any other failure with the COMMUNITY
caused by YOUR computer equipment; (d) any inaccuracies or errors in or
omissions from the COMMUNITY; (e) any delays, errors or interruptions in the
transmission or delivery of the COMMUNITY; (f) any inability to PARTICIPATE IN
the COMMUNITY; (g) THE CONDUCT OR ACTIONS, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER
OF THE COMMUNITY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES or (h) any loss or damage arising by any reason of non-performance.
IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO
SUBSCRIBER FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID
BY YOU, IF ANY, OR $100 (WHICHEVER IS LESS) FOR ACCESSING THE COMMUNITY.
MOREOVER, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DELAY OR
FAILURE IN PERFORMANCE RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM AN ACT OF FORCE
MAJEURE OR CAUSES BEYOND OUR OR THEIR REASONABLE CONTROL.
WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR FURTHER ACCESS TO THE
COMMUNITY OR CHANGE THE COMMUNITY OR DELETE CONTENT, COMPANY CONTENT OR
FEATURES IN ANY WAY, AT ANY TIME AND FOR ANY REASON OR NO REASON.
THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS
IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
11.        
COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS
We has adopted and implemented a policy
that provides for the termination, in appropriate circumstances as determined
by us in our sole and absolute discretion, of the registration of users who
have violated this Agreement, including, but not limited to, by violating the
Rules of Conduct set forth herein or who infringe a third party’s  copyright.  If you believe that another
user has violated these Terms or any of your rights, you may send a notice to
us at info@vinous.com.
To be effective, the notification must
include the following:
I.         
A physical or electronic signature of the notifying user and contact
information of the notifying user;
II.         
Identification of the violating party;
III.         
Reasonable details describing the alleged violation (for example, with respect
to an allegation of copyright infringement, the copyrighted work claimed to
have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works are covered by a single
notification, a representative list of such works as well as identification of
the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of
infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be
disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the
material); and
IV.         
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate under penalty
of perjury.
We will give the violating party notice
that we have temporarily disabled that party’s access to the Community by
either electronic mail to said party’s e-mail address in our records or by
written communication sent by first-class mail to that party’s physical address
in our records. If you receive such a notice, you may provide
counter-notification to us in a writing to info@vinous.com. To be effective,
the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the
following:
A.           
Your physical or electronic signature;
B.           
A statement from you under the penalty of perjury responding to the alleged
violation; and
C.            
Your name, physical address and telephone number.
We will examine the notification and the
counter-notification, if any, and decide in our sole and absolute discretion
whether or not a violation of the Agreement has occurred. If a violation has
occurred, we may suspend or terminate the user’s access to the Community or any
portion thereof and/or remove any Content submitted by the user.
12.        
PRIVACY
Your information and data are subject to our
Privacy Policy
in
which we collect some personal information at registration (“Registration
Data”), in addition to information as you access the Community.
13.        
BINDING
ARBITRATION AND CLASS-ACTION
WAIVER
Arbitration Agreement.
Except as
otherwise stated below, any claim or dispute between you and us (or any of our
subsidiaries or affiliates) arising out of relating in any way to the Community
shall be resolved through final, binding arbitration. This arbitration
obligation applies regardless of whether the claim or dispute involves a breach
of contract, tort, fraud, misrepresentation, product liability, negligence,
violation of a statute, or any other legal theory. Both you and we specifically
acknowledge and agree to waive your right to bring a lawsuit based on such
claim(s) or dispute(s) and your right to have such lawsuit resolved by a judge
or a jury.
This Arbitration Agreement shall be governed
by the Federal Arbitration Act, (9 U.S.C. § 1
et seq.
). Any arbitration will be commenced and administered by
JAMS under the rules of JAMS, including
JAMS
Consumer Arbitration Minimum Standards
. Provided
JAMS’ criteria are met by the nature of the dispute, the arbitration shall be
conducted under
JAMS
Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures
.
Each party will pay the fees for his/her/their or its own attorneys, subject to
any remedies to which that party may later be entitled under applicable law.
However, if you are unable to pay JAMS’s costs, we will pay all arbitration
fees and expenses. If JAMS is unavailable, unwilling, or otherwise unable to
administer an arbitration in accordance with these rules, then another
administrator that will do so will be selected by agreement of the parties.
The arbitrator has the same authority
to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would
have.  The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon both you and
us. Additionally, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or
agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to
the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this
Arbitration Agreement, except that this sentence shall not apply to the Class
Action Waiver provisions described below. The arbitrator will render a decision
in writing. A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to
enter judgment upon the arbitrator's decision/award.
This Arbitration
Agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with us.
Excluded
Disputes.
You and we agree that the following Disputes
are excluded from this Arbitration Agreement: (1) any
dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to an alleged violation
of a party's intellectual property rights, including but not limited to claims
of patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret infringement. This category of
claims and disputes shall be resolved through litigation in a court of
competent jurisdiction, rather than through arbitration; (2)
individual claims brought in small claims court; (3) any claim that an
applicable federal statute expressly states cannot be arbitrated; and (4) any
claim for injunctive relief.
Class
Action Waiver
. To fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, you and we agree to bring any claim or dispute, whether in arbitration, or
court as permitted by these terms, ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS ONLY, AND NOT AS A
CLASS ACTION OR COLLECTIVE ACTION. There shall be no right or authority for any
claim or dispute to be brought, heard or arbitrated as a class or collective
action ("Class Action Waiver"). The
arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of you and us.  The arbitration proceeding will not be
consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator may award any remedy to which a party is entitled
under applicable law, but remedies shall be limited to those that would be
available to a party in their individual capacity. Regardless of anything else in this Arbitration Agreement and/or
the applicable JAMS rules, the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or
formation of the Class Action Waiver may only be determined by a court and not
an arbitrator. This Class-Action Waiver will
survive the termination of your relationship with us.
One-Year
Time Limit to Raise Disputes or Claims
. You
agree that any dispute, claim or lawsuit, regardless of form, that may arise
out of or related to these Terms or your use of the Community, must be filed
within ONE (1) YEAR of the action, omission, event or occurrence giving rise to
the dispute, claim(s) or lawsuit. After the expiration of the one-year period,
such dispute, claim(s) or lawsuit will be time-barred and prohibited, without
regard to any longer period of time which may be provided by any period of
limitation or pursuant to law or statute.
Thirty-Day Right to Opt Out.
You have the right to opt out of this arbitration requirement by
sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following e-mail
address:
info@vinous.com
within
thirty days after first becoming subject to these Terms.
Your notice must include your name and address, the e-mail address you used to
set up your online account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that
you want to opt out of the arbitration requirement. In the event you opt out,
all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply.  Opting out of this arbitration agreement has
no effect on any other obligations to arbitrate that you may currently have, or
may enter in the future, with us.
Waiver of Jury Trial
.
BOTH YOU AND WE HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY
RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY, except
as provided herein.  We are instead
mutually electing that all disputes, claims, or requests for relief shall be resolved
by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified
herein.  An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages
and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.  However, there is no judge or jury in
arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very
limited review.
Location.
You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by video conference technology
such as Zoom, or based on written submissions. Otherwise, the location of the arbitration proceeding shall take place in the
city or state where you reside, unless each party agrees otherwise, or
at another mutually agreed upon location.
Severability.
If for any reason, any portion of these
Terms, including this arbitration
section, is found to be illegal,
void or unenforceable, that portion will be severed, and it shall not
affect the validity and enforceability of the remainder of these Terms which
shall continue in full force and effect.
GOVERNING
LAW
These Terms of Use
and any disputes between us shall be governed by the laws of the State of New
York.
14.        
EQUITABLE RELIEF
Your breach of this Agreement may cause
irreparable damage that cannot be readily remedied by monetary damages in an
action at law and may also constitute an infringement of trademark rights
and/or copyright rights. As such, you agree to the entry of an immediate
injunction, in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity, to
stop or prevent any irreparable harm, loss or dilution as result of a breach of
this Agreement.
15.        
CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT
These Terms, our Privacy Policy, and other
terms or policies posted through our Community constitute the complete
Agreement between you and us with respect to your use of the Community.
However, we may occasionally update this Agreement. When we do, we will also
revise the “last updated” date at the top of the copy of the Terms posted on
the Community. For changes to these Terms we consider material, we will notify
you by placing a prominent notice on the Community or sending you an email.
Such changes will be effective when posted by us. Your continued use of the
Community after the date upon which these Terms are  changed, and the changes are posted, will
constitute your continued acceptance of these Terms and any changes thereto.
Your only alternative, should you no longer wish to be bound by these Terms, is
termination of your use of the Community. No full or partial refunds will be
offered in such an event.
16.        
SEVERABILITY
In case any one or more of the provisions
contained in these Terms shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect the other provisions of these Terms, and these
Terms shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision
had never been contained herein.  If moreover, any one or more of the
provisions contained in these Terms shall for any reason be held to be
excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope, activity or subject, it
shall be construed by limiting and reducing it, so as to be enforceable to the
extent compatible with the applicable law as it shall then appear.
17.        
ATTORNEYS FEES
If any action at law or in equity is
necessary to enforce or interpret the terms of these Terms, we shall be
entitled our reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, and necessary disbursements in
addition to any other relief to which we may be entitled.
18.        
HEADINGS
The headings of the sections of this
Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be
deemed to be a part of this Agreement.
19.         NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA USERS
If the Community is deemed an “electronic
commercial service” under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, residents of
California who use the Community are entitled to know that they may file
grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs.
Information on how to file a complaint can be found here –
https://www.dca.ca.gov/consumers/complaints
.
Vinous is located at  140 West 36th Street, New York, NY, 10018, and
may be reached by email at
info@vinous.com
or telephone at +1 917 275 5184. Please contact us to resolve any issues with
our Community that you may have.
Content
Advanced Search
Articles
Videos
Maps
Engage
Events
Your Say
Consumer Resources
Subscriptions & Gifts
Sample Submissions
Contact Us
Vinous
About
Core Values
Press
Reference Materials
Young Wine Writer Fellowship
Products
Social
© 2025 Vinous Media LLC
·
Privacy
·
Terms & Conditions
Vinous | Explore All Things Wine
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://vinous.com/statics/privacy:
Prefer the old site?
Launch →
Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Articles
Videos
Maps
Cellar Watch
Delectable
Events
Tools
Vintage Chart
Glossary
Grape Guide
Your Say
Sign in
Email address
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Sign in
Subscribe
Content
Advanced Search
Articles
Videos
Maps
Engage
Events
Your Say
Consumer Resources
Subscriptions & Gifts
Sample Submissions
Contact Us
Vinous
About
Core Values
Press
Reference Materials
Young Wine Writer Fellowship
Products
Social
© 2025 Vinous Media LLC ·
Privacy
·
Terms & Conditions
Vinous | Explore All Things Wine