Forex Hero Privacy Policy
Fitster Group SIA. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://forexhero.eu/ website and the Forex Hero mobile application (collectively, the “Service”). This page informs you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information which personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) when you use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect or Receive
We generally collect or receive information in three ways: (1) you voluntarily provide information to us, such as by creating an account, or signing up for email alerts, (2) we collect information automatically, such as through cookies or through use of our games and other software, and (3) other parties, such as social networks, may provide information to us. Each of these methods is described in more detail below.
(1) Information You Voluntarily Choose to Provide
You may provide your personal information to us when you choose to use our games and websites. Because we change our offerings and features from time to time, the options you have to provide us with information also may change. The following are some examples of situations in which you may provide information to us:
Using a social feature of our games or applications (described further in the section of this policy titled “When You Use Social Features of Our Games and Applications”);
Creating an account to use our games and websites;
Purchasing something from us or otherwise engage in a transaction with us;
Entering online competitions or registering for or participate in special events;
Entering contests or sweepstakes, participating in any of our promotions, or accepting any prizes from us;
Signing up for email alerts or subscribing to receive other information from us;
Complete a survey;
Using a mobile device, such as a phone, to play our games or use our applications;
Contacting us for any reason, such as by email, including for technical support or customer service.
The personal information we collect from you will vary depending on the services you are using, the websites you are visiting, and how you access those services and websites. The information you provide to us may include your name, your display name, and your email address(es).
(2) Information Collected Automatically When You Use Our Games and Websites
We collect some information automatically when you use our games or visit our websites. If a combination of information that we collect does identify you as an individual, we will treat the combined information as personal information. We typically aggregate the data that we collect automatically and use it in statistical form to determine trends among groups of users, rather than using it to identify individuals. We collect information automatically through technologies such as web browsers, cookies, log files, web beacons, and our back-end servers collect usage data transmitted from our games and other software. We use the information for purposes such as modifying or improving features, managing advertising, addressing technical issues, preventing fraud, and conducting data analytics. The type of information that we automatically collect may vary, but generally includes:
Usage information and statistics about your interaction with our games or websites, which may include your game statistics such as total score, total revenue, total profit, total loss, seen game questions, seen school topics, your nickname and other usage statistics.
the URLs of our websites that you have visited, URLs of referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, and other usage statistics;
Technical information about your computer, device, hardware, or software you use to access the Internet or our services, such as IP address or other transactional or identifier information for your device (such as device make and model, information about device operating systems and browsers, or other device or system related specifications);
Crash reports, which may be automatically generated when a game or application crashes and includes information about your system and the crash;
Information that facilitates a safer and more personalized experience, such as your display name or other user identification provided in connection with your application use or game play, saved preferences, game progress, and device identifiers or usage information for authentication and fraud prevention purposes;
The location of your device, such as may be derived from your device’s IP address.
Please note that if certain features on our games and websites are provided by third parties, those third parties may also use automated means of data collection and may record information about your use of our website or others’ websites over time. These features are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies.
(3) Information We Receive from Others
In some cases, other parties provide us with information about you, or allow us to collect information about you. We generally collect or receive information from other parties when you choose to use a social feature of our games. In some cases, we are not able to control the amount or type of information that other parties like social networks, make available to us. In those cases, we use only the data that we need to provide the types of services we think our users want and expect. Although we cannot control your privacy settings at those websites or how those other parties protect your privacy, once we receive information about you through those websites, we will treat it in accordance with this policy.
When You Use Social Features of Our Games
When you choose to use a social feature of our games and applications, you allow us to receive information about you from social networks. Our social features promote and facilitate interaction among players. You may be able to use these features to find out if your friends are actively playing the game and using the feature, to find out if they used it in the past, and to invite them to join with you to meet a game challenge. If you choose to use one of our social features, you may be asked to log into a social network through our game or application. The social network may then provide us with information such as your social network user ID, your email, your profile picture, and the user IDs and profile pictures of your connections.
How We Use and Share Information
As a general matter, we use your information to provide the services, experiences, merchandise, or information you request. We also may use your information:
To communicate with you, respond to your requests, or provide you with updates and information;
To better understand our users, their interests, and their preferences;
To personalize your experience, save your preferences, authenticate our users, and provide similar user-experience features;
To develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, and other offerings;
To enforce our licenses, agreements, and terms of service;
To manage and customize advertisements or promotional offers;
For security purposes;
For internal purposes such as auditing and data analysis.
We may share, or provide you with opportunities to share, information about you with other users of our websites as described in this policy. We may share information about you with your social network contacts when you and they use the same social features of our games and applications. We may also disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law, legal process, or a reasonable request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or (iii) if necessary to protect the vital interests of another individual (such as to prevent death, bodily harm, or serious damage to property). We reserve the right to transfer information about our users in the event we sell or transfer all or substantially all our business or assets.
Your Choices
We provide you with choices about whether to provide us with personal information and whether it is shared. For example, we have to ask you before we can use your personal information for any purpose incompatible with the purposes identified in this policy. Other examples of your choices include:
You can change your name/nickname in the settings of our applications.
You can choose whether to show your picture to other users or not in the settings of our applications.
You can use our games, applications and websites without providing any personal information. We may collect some limited information automatically, as described above.
You may opt out of receiving our messages at any time by using the opt-out mechanism provided in the message.
You can choose not to give us all the information we request, as described in the “Information You Voluntarily Choose to Provide” section of this policy. In some cases, if you decide not to provide the information we request, we will not be able to provide the game, application, service, information, or features you requested.
You can change your privacy settings on other parties’ websites, such as social networks, which will stop or limit our receipt of information from those other websites. You also may choose not to use social features we make available. If you choose to use these features, you should refrain from posting personal information that will be visible to others, such as including your email address in a forum or during a chat.
You may change your browser settings or take other steps to block, manage, or delete cookies. Not all of our websites and online services currently respond to browser “do not track” signals, so you will need to use your browser settings to effectively manage cookies. In some cases, blocking or disabling cookies may cause our websites, games, and applications not to work as intended and some features may not be available.
Data Deletion Request / Access and Correction
We provide you with the ability to request access to and correction or deletion of your personal information in our applications. You can update or delete your account information any time through our applications. If you would like to request access to or deletion of your personal information, please submit your request through the settings of the Forex Hero application.
To delete your data you must be logged in and then do the following steps:
1. Go to Settings
2. Click on "Edit profile"
3. Click on "Delete my profile"
4. Confirm deletion by clicking "Delete my profile" once more
For more information about requesting your Data Deletion read
here
.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use and other unlawful forms of processing. In some cases, your information is accessible when you log into a feature we offer, and in those cases you need to keep your user credentials and password confidential and secure so that your information is protected.
Links to Other Websites, Games, or Applications
This policy does not apply to websites, games, or applications not owned or controlled by Fitster Group SIA, even if we link to them or they link to us.
Children’s Privacy
Fitster Group SIA does not direct its websites, games, game engines, or applications to children (usually considered to be under the age of 13, depending on the country where you reside). We also do not intentionally collect personal information from children through our websites, games, or applications. If you are the parent or guardian of a child and you believe that we have inadvertently received personal information about that child, please contact us as described in the How to Contact Us section of this policy and we will delete the information from our records.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website and applications.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: ugis@forexhero.eu