Feel good about what you teach.
Giving educators the confidence to teach the tasty topics with experience-driven presenters and interactive resources.
GET YOUR FREE RESOURCES MAP
plus Curriculum Overview, Primary Course and Year 10 Elective.
DOWNLOAD RESOURCES MAP
GO TO FREE RESOURCES
PICK YOUR PLATE
Explore virtual excursions, lesson plans, masterclasses and much more.
RESOURCES
Almonds
RESOURCES
Bananas
RESOURCES
Beef
RESOURCES
Bush Food
RESOURCES
Cherries
RESOURCES
Eggs
RESOURCES
Fish
RESOURCES
Honey
RESOURCES
Milk
RESOURCES
Poppies
Almonds
COURSE
Bananas
COURSE
Beef
COURSE
Bush Food
COURSE
Almonds
COURSE
VIEW MORE RESOURCES
WHY CHOOSE FROM PADDOCK TO PLATE
96
%
of teachers believe the FP2P resources enhance students’ learning.
93
%
of teachers recommend their school use FP2P.
97
%
of teachers think it is important students learn where their food comes from.
95
%
of students are not aware of the origin of major food groups.
A FROM
PADDOCK to plate
SUBSCRIPTION
INCLUDES
100+ downloadable lessons
20+ masterclass videos teaching  specific life skills
20+ downloadable practical projects to practise the masterclass skills
15+ downloadable podcast packs
80+ wholesome and nutritious recipes
20+ virtual video excursions
100+ homework comprehension  questions
30+ famous farmer videos recorded straight from the paddock
20+ case study video
A network of experts ready to answer your questions
PRICING STRUCTURE
This is a one-off payment and you can cancel at any time.
$
400
incl. GST
$
600
incl. GST
$
950
incl. GST
PROGRAM FAQ’S
If we haven’t answered your question below, feel free to get in touch
How do I upgrade my subscription?
Log into your account on the From Paddock to Plate website. Go to MY ACCOUNT in the top right corner. Select the upgrade button next to the relevant subscription. Choose your preferred package option and click the link: Switch Subscription. Follow the prompts to pay the remaining balance owing. Your subscription has now been upgraded.
How do I cancel my subscription?
Log into your From Paddock to Plate. Go to MY ACCOUNT in the top right corner. Click on the subscription order number. Go to My Subscription and here you will see the option to cancel.
What are the methods of payment?
You can pay online with a credit card, or request an invoice via our contact page to make a direct transfer payment. Just remember you won’t be able to access the FP2P resources until we receive your payment in full. Your subscription starts on this day. Hooray!
Where can I see all the resources?
Download our free Resources Map on the FREE RESOURCES page where every resource is categorised by topic and year level. It will become an essential in your toolkit.
Can I subscribe at any time of the year?
Absolutely! Our resources can be integrated into your classes at any stage during the year. Sign up when you’re ready and off you go!
When will I get access to the resources?
You get immediate and unlimited access to every FP2P school resource as soon as we receive your payment in full.
Can I create my own login details?
Yes. Once your payment is received you will be sent a link to set up your FP2P account. Here you can enter your preferred username and password. Don’t forget, this will be the login for every user at your school so we suggest you make it school-themed.
What is the best way to use the resources?
Use our Resources Map as a guide to see our resource and topic recommendations for your year level and subject. Pick and choose resources to integrate into your curriculum as you go, or follow our 15-hour Primary Course and 40-hour Year 10 Elective.
What curriculum is covered?
V 9.0 Australian Curriculum, Victorian Curriculum, NSW Curriculum and Western Australian Curriculum for Science, Technologies, Geography, HASS, Food Studies, Civics & Citizenship, Mathematics, Economics & Business and English. Have we missed anything?
What if I forget to resubscribe?
Set a reminder in your calendar and you won’t forget! We will also send you a reminder email one month before your current subscription is due to expire. If you don’t renew your subscription, your login will timeout and you will sadly lose access to all the FP2P resources. But don’t worry, you can always resubscribe and set up your account again.
TESTIMONIALS
Discover what teachers are saying about From Paddock to Plate.
I have greatly appreciated the resources and support provided by your program. Both I and my students have thoroughly enjoyed engaging with the platform, and I am pleased to share that it will remain one of our Food Technology electives in 2025. I believe these lessons are vital for the next generation, and your program has been instrumental in making these topics accessible and engaging.
KYLIE SMITH
Mansfield Secondary College
I absolutely love the resources and we have already signed up. I think they are fantastic. A sincere well done to you and the initiative you have created.
CHRIS TEJCEK
St Columba Anglican School, NSW
I love how I can use the subject areas as a lead-in to a focus topic. It gives the students a great basis and knowledge as to where the ingredients we use comes from, which is what the whole concept of From Paddock to Plate is about.
BERT VELDMAN
John Calvin Christian College, WA
You have an amazing product that not only my students are enjoying and learning from, but also myself. I absolutely love your website and resources and the students are so engaged in the unit.
KAREN PETRIE
Stanthorpe State High School, QLD
You have gone to a lot of effort to explore the paddock to plate experience for a variety of foods and food topics with a particular focus on sustainability.
SUE TURNER
Grace Lutheran College, QLD
We have used the program for three years now and it has been very beneficial. We use the videos to develop inquiry questions based on local producers. We're really enjoying the Program and have learnt a lot about what is available in Central Australia.
LEAH CARMICHAEL
Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Catholic College, NT
I just used your honey movie with a junior Ag class and it was well received with lots of questions being asked. I have also explored the activities you have designed and they look great. Makes our job so much easier!
MICK MELINO
St John’s College, NSW
Thank you so much for creating the From Paddock to Plate Program. I showed the beef episode to my students today and it has already generated great discussion.
AMY HART
Southern Cross Catholic College, QLD
What a great initiative the FP2P Program is, to teach students of all ages where food comes from. The Year 7/8 students are responding well and really engaging in the videos and activities.
LAURA EDWARDS
Emmaus College, QLD
Previous
Next
SCHOOLS USING OUR PROGRAMS
Feedback
How would you rate your experience?
Hate
Love
Next
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://frompaddocktoplate.com.au/terms-and-conditions/:
Terms And Conditions
CONDITIONS OF SALE
These terms and conditions disclose the basis on which From Paddock to Plate Enterprises Pty Ltd ACN 613 305 810 (“
FP2P
“) provides to you the “From Paddock to Plate” online products, program and services (“
Products and Services
“). You must read these terms and conditions before using the Products and Services.
By submitting payment for the Products and Services, you and any third party on behalf on which you act, accept adhere to and are bound by these terms and conditions. This agreement will continue for the term that FP2P provides the Products and Services to you, other than for certain obligations outlined below which survive beyond the term of this agreement.
FP2P may change these terms and conditions from time to time at its sole discretion. These changes will be effective upon the next renewal period and upon renewal until such further subscription period, or as otherwise notified to you by FP2P from time to time. Your continued use of the platform (the From Paddock to Plate Program on
www.frompaddocktoplate.com.au
) (“
Platform
“) and any other Products and Services following any such renewal will represent an agreement by you to adhere to and be bound by the terms and conditions (as amended from time to time).
DISCLAIMER
FP2P provides educational information among other services. In using the Platform and the Products and Services, you acknowledge that FP2P is an information service provider but not an Australian Government accredited educational provider.
FP2P will use reasonable commercial care and attention to provide the Products and Services in the manner described on the website (
www.frompaddocktoplate.com.au
) (“
Website
“) and the Platform and to ensure that relevant material is in accordance with the Australian Curriculum. However, FP2P cannot guarantee that all material is compliant with all the Australian Curriculum. If you are unsure whether certain information complies with the Australian Curriculum then FP2P recommends that you seek appropriate independent advice.
FP2P does not make any representation concerning, nor warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the information provided on the Platform or through any of the Products and Services. FP2P does not accept responsibility for any loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information contained on the Platform or in any of the Products and Services.
AUTHORISED USER
You acknowledge that you are entering into these terms and conditions on either an individual basis or on the basis that you are acting on behalf of your employer. If you are acting on behalf of your employer (as applicable), you represent and warrant that you are authorised by your employer to use the Platform and the Products and Services on behalf of your employer and that you have capacity to adhere to and be bound by these terms and conditions and that you are authorised to commit your employer to make this offer of contract for the Products and Services selected in this agreement, or otherwise in your own personal capacity.
You further represent and warrant to FP2P that you are duly authorised and have the power and authority to bind all parties on which you are acting. If you are entering into these terms and conditions on behalf of your employer, you represent and warrant to us that you are duly authorised and have the power and authority to bind your employer. You agree to keep your username and the password that you use to log into the Platform confidential and to ensure that all registered users are aware of and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
You are not permitted to share your unique login and password with any third party. Any infringement of FP2P’s intellectual property rights including the copying, reproduction or distribution of FP2P’s information or software outside of the terms of the restricted non-exclusive revocable licence granted above will constitute grounds for immediate termination of your subscription with no reimbursement of any fees to be paid by FP2P to you, in addition to any other action FP2P may take to protect its rights and you will not be entitled to a refund of any fees paid in respect of the relevant subscription.
ONLINE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
The Products and Services provided by FP2P are as outlined on the Website and the Platform at the date of purchase. As part of FP2P’s continual development program, the Products and Services may change from time to time. FP2P reserves the right to change the Products and Services from time to time. These changes will be effective immediately upon been uploaded on the Platform.
SERVICE AVAILABILITY AND SECURITY
All FP2P servers are managed in a reasonable manner. However, from time to time, delays or interruptions may occur in FP2P providing the Products and Services to you. You acknowledge that FP2P will not be responsible for any such delay or interruptions and that FP2P will not have any liability to you for any failure or delay in delivering the Products or Services to you.
SUBSCRIPTIONS, FEES AND PAYMENT
FP2P Products and Services are provided on the basis of a monthly or yearly subscription and billed on a periodic basis as specified at the time of purchase. Payment will be taken out on the same day each month or year, starting on the date you sign up. Your subscription will automatically continue unless you opt out of the subscription service by following the process set out below in these terms and conditions. Fees are payable by you to FP2P on a monthly or annual basis and non-refundable.
You agree and confirm that your continuing use of the FP2P Products and Services constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions. If you do not opt out adopting the process set out in these terms and conditions, then your acceptance of these terms and conditions will constitute your affirmative consent to the continuation of your subscription. If your subscription is cancelled or terminated by FP2P before the end of the applicable billing cycle, FP2P will not reimburse you for the remainder of that paid period. You may cancel your subscription at any time. Your subscription must be cancelled prior to the requisite date in order to avoid additional fees charged to you by FP2P.
Your subscription will automatically renew unless you cancel the ongoing subscription. To cancel anytime please log into your FP2P account and select the cancel option which can be accessed on our website:
www.frompaddocktoplate.com.au
. In such case you must opt out of your subscription adopting the process set out above at least 3 business days’ prior to the expiry of the term of your subscription otherwise your subscription will continue indefinitely and continuing payment will occur. FP2P has a right to vary the terms on which you are provided a subscription.
Your subscription will automatically expire if your payment details expire and are not updated ahead of your next renewal date. Full payment of the FP2P Program and Products and Services must be received on or before the date of your subscription renewal for your subscription to continue.
By continuing to use the Products and Services it constitutes that you agree to these terms and conditions, and you acknowledge that the non-exclusive revocable licence only provides access to the Platform and Products and Services for the period of your subscription.
When you purchase a subscription, you agree to the terms and conditions and you will initially be charged at the rate applicable at the time of your agreement to subscribe. If FP2P later increases the price of the subscription, FP2P will notify you via email. The increase will apply to the next payment due from you after the notice, provided that you have been given at least 3 days’ prior notice before the charge is made. If you are given less than 3 days’ prior notice, the price increase will not apply until the payment after the next payment due.
You must not share, give or sell your password or username to any other person or entity. Excessive viewings or logins by any subscriber will be construed by FP2P as fraudulent use of the Service, which will result in the immediate cancellation of your subscription without refund. When becoming a subscriber, you agree to take all actions possible to protect your username and password from fraudulent use. FP2P reserves the right to cancel any membership it believes has been compromised, or is being used fraudulently, at its own discretion.
GST
All fees and charges disclosed on the Platform are exclusive of GST at the current rate and may be increased as a result of any changes in the rate of GST. GST has the meaning used in the
A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999
and any applicable rulings issued by the Commissioner of Taxation.
NO REFUND
FP2P reserves the right to terminate your subscription at any time for non-payment of any subscription or for breach of any of these terms and conditions.
If your subscription is terminated or you choose to stop using your subscription, the following will apply:
if payment for the entire monthly or yearly subscription period has been received in full, FP2P will be under no obligation to refund any part, or all, of the fees paid for the subscription; and
if payment for the entire monthly or yearly subscription period or any other invoice has not been received in full, you remain liable and responsible to pay your then current subscription in full.
PRIVACY
In providing the online products and services to you, FP2P undertakes to comply with the terms of its privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
“) where applicable. Please contact FP2P if you wish to view the Privacy Policy.
YOUR INFORMATION
FP2P and its suppliers will take reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of and restrict access to your information and will use its reasonable endeavours not disclose any of this information to anyone unless required to do so by law or as otherwise agreed with you. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst FP2P strives to protect such information, FP2P does not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information that you transmit to FP2P and any information that you transmit to it is transmitted at your own risk.
Subject to the intellectual property attributable to the underlying forms, documents, agreements, templates, notes and alerts, the information provided by you will remain your property. You should make yourself aware of your legal obligations in respect of retention periods for business documents. If you wish to download copies of this information you must advise FP2P in writing before the termination of your subscription.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Copyright © From Paddock to Plate Enterprises Pty Ltd 2021
To its best knowledge, FP2P either owns or is licensed to use the intellectual property rights, including the copyright, in the FP2P Products and Services and all associated materials, including without limitation, all forms, videos, worksheets, documents, agreements, templates, notes and alerts or materials produced in connection with the online products and services, before or during the term of your subscription, and any material, methodologies, software, know-how or procedures notified or provided to you.
FP2P grants you a restricted non-exclusive revocable licence to use the forms, worksheets, documents, agreements, templates, notes and alerts available as part of the Products and Services and created through the use of those Products and Services within the ordinary course of your education during the term of your relevant subscription. You may not provide, reproduce or communicate any of the online FP2P Program content available on the FP2P website or otherwise, including files downloadable from this website, to any third party. You may not download or reproduce any of the FP2P video content.
The non-exclusive revocable licence to use the Products and Services is in accordance with any licence terms and conditions set forth, notified to or accepted by you at the time the Products and Services are provided to you until acceptance by FP2P or until you are otherwise notified by FP2P that such licence has been revoked.
Any infringement of FP2P’s intellectual property rights including the copying (onto compact disc, digital versatile disc or any other device), reproduction or distribution of FP2P’s information or software outside of the terms of the restricted non-exclusive revocable licence granted above will constitute grounds for immediate termination of your subscription, in addition to any other action FP2P may take to protect its rights. In this event, you must immediately stop all use of the Products and Services and FP2P may immediately take possession of the Products and Services or demand that the Products and Services be deleted, in which case you must permanently delete the Products and Services and provide evidence to FP2P’s sole satisfaction of such deletion.
NO WARRANTY
To the full extent permitted by law, FP2P excludes any and all express or implied warranties, guarantees or representations regarding the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, fitness for purpose or otherwise of any information or advice contained in the forms, documents, agreements, templates, notes and alerts or associated materials produced in connection with the Products and Services.
Where legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits FP2P from excluding or modifying the application of, or FP2P’s liability under, any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included but FP2P’s liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following: (a) if the breach relates to goods, (i) the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods, (ii) the repair of such goods, (iii) the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods or (iv) the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired; and (b) if the breach relates to services, (i) the supplying of the services again or (ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.
INDEMNITY
You indemnify and will keep indemnified, defend and hold FP2P harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims, costs, damages, expenses and losses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) arising from any claim, demand, suit, action or proceedings by any third party or you, which is related to, or arises out of, or is in any way associated with your use of the FP2P Products and Services, including any videos, worksheets, documents, forms or other materials created through the use of the Products and Services, or which arise through your breach of these terms and conditions.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the full extent permitted by law, FP2P will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of the Platform or of any of the Products and Services nor does FP2P accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through the Platform or through the Products and Services.
MISCELLANEOUS
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Victoria, Australia. Both parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Victoria, Australia.
FP2P will provide the Products and Services to you as an independent contractor. No other relationship can be implied.
The non-exclusive revocable license to use the Products and Services is restricted to the legal entity or person entering into this agreement. You cannot assign or otherwise transfer the benefit of your subscription without FP2P’s prior written consent (where such consent may be withheld at FP2P’s sole discretion).
The waiver by any party of a breach of any of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach or as a waiver of the term or condition itself.
The failure of a party, at any time, to require performance by the other party of any provision shall not affect that party’s right to require such performance at any time in the future.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is found to be illegal, wholly or partly invalid or otherwise unenforceable then, from the date of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, if the offending provision can be read down to make it legal, valid and enforceable without materially changing its effect, it must be read down to the extent necessary to achieve that result and otherwise the offending provision must be severed from these terms and conditions and the remaining provisions shall operate as if the severed provision had not been included.