Automatic logout due to inactivity
This session is no longer available. Please log in again.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 7th Aug 2024
Coovil Inc. ("Coovil", "we", and "us") respects the privacy of its users ("you") and has developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application or services or transacting business with us. By using our website or application (our "Service"), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
1. Information we collect about you
1.1. In General.
We may collect information that can identify you such as your name and email address ("personal information") and other information that does not identify you. We may collect this information through a website or a mobile application. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse and retain data related to the provision of the Service.
1.1.1. Information you provide
In order to register as a user with Cool Meet, you will be asked to sign in using your third party social platform, such as 'Sign in with Apple'. If you do so, you authorize us to access certain account information, such as your name and your email address. You will also be asked to allow Cool Meet to collect your location information from your device when you download or use the Service. In addition, we may collect and store any personal information you provide while using our Service or in some other manner. This may include identifying information, such as your name, address, email address and location information, and, if you transact business with us, financial information. You may also provide us photos, a personal description and information about your gender and preferences for recommendations, such as search distance, age range and gender. If you chat with other Cool Meet users, you provide us the content of your chats, and if you contact us with a customer service or other inquiry, you provide us with the content of that communication.
1.2. Face Data
1.2.1. Storage and Handling of Face Data
We value your privacy and are committed to handling your data with utmost care. This section of our privacy policy explains how we handle face data, why it's collected, how long it's stored, and with whom it may be shared.
1.2.2. Collection and Purpose
We collect and use face data for the following purposes:
1.2.2.1. Preventing Inappropriate Content
We use face data to prevent users from uploading inappropriate or misleading photos as their profile pictures on our dating app. This helps ensure a safer and more authentic online community.
1.2.3. Storage Duration
We do not store face data indefinitely. Face data is stored for a specific period determined as follows:
1.2.3.1. Duration
Face data is retained for as long as it is needed to perform the immediate purpose of photo validation. Once the validation process is completed, face data is promptly deleted from our memory. We do not retain face data beyond this validation process.
1.2.4. Sharing with Third Parties
We do not share face data with any third parties unless explicitly stated. Your face data is not used for any external purposes.
1.3. Use of technologies to collect information
We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our Service.
1.3.1. Information collected automatically
We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location while our application is actively running, and the referring website address.
1.3.2. Cookies and Use of Cookie Data
When you visit our Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies to facilitate access to our Service and to personalize your experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your activity on our Service, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits and the links you click. If we advertise, we (or third parties) may use certain data collected on our Service to show you Cool Meet advertisements on other sites or applications.
1.3.3. Other Technologies
We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of our Service and to deliver or communicate with cookies. We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email messages to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer users, to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.
1.3.4. Information collected by third-parties for advertising purposes
We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements on our Service. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. We do not provide any non-anonymized personal information to third parties. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org). Opting out will not decrease the number of advertisements you see.
2. How we use the information we collect
2.1. In General
We may use information that we collect about you to:
2.1.1. deliver and improve our products and services, and manage our business;
2.1.2. manage your account and provide you with customer support;
2.1.3. perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content;
2.1.4. communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us or other third parties;
2.1.5. develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Service and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites;
2.1.6. website or mobile application analytics;
2.1.7. verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes;
2.1.8. enforce or exercise any rights in our Terms of Use; and
2.1.9. perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
2.2. Job applicants
If your personal information is submitted through our website when applying for a position with our company, the information will be used solely in connection with considering and acting upon your application. We may retain your personal information, but only for the purpose of considering your application for current or future available positions. This information, which may include your name and contact information, prior education and experience, and other information you provide to us, may be shared with third-party service providers retained by us to collect, maintain and analyze candidate submissions for job postings.
In all circumstances, we may perform these functions directly or use a third party vendor to perform these functions on our behalf who will be obligated to use your personal information only to perform services for us. Also, if you access our Service from a third party social platform, such as Facebook, we may share non-personal information with that platform to the extent permitted by your agreement with it and its privacy settings.
3. With whom we share your information
3.1. Information Shared with Other Users
When you register as a user of Cool Meet, your Cool Meet profile will be viewable by other users of the Service. Other users will be able to view information you have provided to us directly or through third parties, such as your photos, any additional photos you upload, your first name, your age, approximate number of miles away, your personal description, and information you have in common with the person viewing your profile, such as common likes.
3.2. Personal information
We do not share your personal information with others except as indicated in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share personal information with:
3.2.1. Service providers
We may share information, including personal and financial information, with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include fulfilling orders, providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, ad tracking and analytics, member screenings, supporting our Service functionality, and supporting contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through our Service. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
3.2.2. Other Situations
We may disclose your information, including personal information:
3.2.2.1. In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
3.2.2.2. When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements or policies.
3.2.2.3. In connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
3.3. Aggregated and/or non-personal information
We may use and share non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Service and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see. We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other business purposes. For example, we may engage a data provider who may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us (such as your email address), that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of cookies that may be set by third party data or advertising partners, please go to
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
4. How you can access your information
If you have a Cool Meet account, you have the ability to review and update your personal information within the Service by opening your account and going to settings. More information about how to contact us is provided below. You also may delete your account at any time by visiting the "Settings" page for your account. Deleting your account will delete all information about you. You cannot recover your account once deleted. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies.
5. Your choices about collection and use of your information
5.1. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Service because such information may be required in order for you to register as user; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions.
5.2. Our Service may also deliver notifications to your phone or mobile device. You can disable these notifications by deleting the relevant Service or by changing the settings on your mobile device.
5.3. You can also control information collected by cookies. You can delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings. Click "help" in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.
5.4. Managing Access to Your Google Account
You can manage the access to your Google Account by visiting your Google Account settings page. For more details on how Google helps users share their data safely, please refer to [this article](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/3024190?hl=en).
6. How we protect your personal information
We take security measures to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, chats, or other communications will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's website at
http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm
for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.
7. Information you provide about yourself while using our Service
We provide areas on our Service where you can post information about yourself and others and communicate with others. Such postings are governed by our Terms of Use. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your personal information.
8. Children's privacy
Although our Service is a general audience Service, we restrict the use of our service to individuals age 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under the age of 18.
8.1. If you discover or suspect any user who has falsified their age to gain access to our Service, or any user who appears to be under 18 years of age, please report them immediately using the in-app reporting feature. Our administrators will review all such reports within 24 hours and may suspend the reported account. This immediate action helps us maintain a safe environment and protect minors from accessing age-restricted content.
9. Visiting our Service from outside the United States
If you are visiting our Service from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and globally where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our services, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.
10. No Rights of Third Parties
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the website.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Service from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email as follows:
Privacy Officer
Coovil Inc.
ask@coovil.com
Effective Updated: 7th Aug 2024