Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 26, 2017
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THESE TERMS OF USE (“TERMS”). BY CLICKING TO INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND/OR
        DOWNLOADING OR USING THE APP, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT DOWNLOAD,
        INSTALL OR
        USE THE APP OR CLICK TO INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. THESE TERMS CONTAINS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION
        PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.PLEASE REVIEW SECTION 16.
These Terms are a legal agreement between WebFront Innovations Limited (EziCam,” “our” and “we”) and you (also
        referred
        to as “your”) that governs the EziCam App including all Updates (defined in Section 2 below), related
        documentation,
        and information and content provided by EziCam through the application (collectively, the “App”). The App is a
        mobile application designed to connect a mobile device to a EziCam Camera (“Camera”) in order to control the
        Camera
        and to remotely capture and access both live and recorded videos (“Content”).
[Terms of Use]
1. Account Registration. In order to use the App you will need to log-in to the App with a user account that you
        register for through the site or with your user account credentials from another website that we designate, such
        as
        Facebook (“Account”). You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate Account information when you register
        for
        an Account. You agree to keep your log-in information confidential and not authorize any third party to use it
        or
        your Account. You agree that we may attribute all use of your Account to you, and that you are responsible for
        all
        activities that occur under your Account. Depending on your Account type or other criteria, your Account may not
        have full access to all features or functionality available through the App. You agree not to attempt to access
        any
        (if any) restricted features or functionality.
a. EziCam may collect, process and store your videos and other information. EziCam account. We encourage you to
        review the Privacy Policy frequently. By completing the registration process, you agree to the Privacy Policy
        and
        affirm that you understand and consent to EziCam collection, storage and use of your User Information. You have
        the
        right to update certain of your user information. You may also be able to manage privacy settings related to
        collection, storage and use of your user information and other types of information captured by the EziCam
        Services.
        Any such changes can be made by logging into your EziCam account. Certain features of the Aiwit Services may not
        be
        available if you restrict the collection, storage or use of certain types of information.
2. Updates. If EziCam provides updates, supplements, or add-on components to the App after you download it
        (collectively, “Updates”), these Terms will apply to the Updates unless EziCam provides additional terms along
        with
        the Update (“Additional Terms”), in which case those Additional Terms will apply to the Update. You agree that
        EziCam may automatically check your version of the App and send Updates to the App and may release subsequent
        versions of the App and require you to the use the most current version. EziCam reserves the right to
        discontinue
        your access to the App or to any Content.
3. Third Party Websites; Additional Products and Services. Within the App you may encounter links or references
        to
        third party web sites (“Linked Sites”). EziCam does not endorse or sponsor any Linked Sites or the information,
        products, or services contained on any Linked Sites. Linked Sites are governed by their own terms of use and
        privacy
        policies. You may need to use or obtain additional products or services in order to use the App, such as a
        Camera, a
        mobile device, internet access, and a data connection. You must obtain or use these products or services
        separately
        and pay all associated charges (including for internet access or other data transmission).
4. License to Use of the App. Conditioned on your compliance with these Terms, EziCam grants you a limited,
        personal,
        non-exclusive and nontransferable license to download, install, and use the App for your personal,
        non-commercial
        use on a mobile device owned or otherwise controlled by you solely in connection with your operation of
        Camera(s)
        owned by you or by a third party that has authorized your access to the Camera(s) through the owner’s use of the
        App.
5. License Restrictions. The license granted in Section 6 is conditioned on your compliance with the
        following:
a. You must not attempt to work around, disable, bypass, modify, or defeat any technical limitations in the App
        or
        to use the App in an attempt to, or in conjunction with any device, program or service designed to circumvent
        any
        security features or any technical measures employed to control access to, or the rights in, a content, file or
        other work;
b. You must not reverse engineer, decompile, decipher, disassemble or otherwise attempt to access source code of
        the
        App, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;
c. You must not download or copy the App, except as expressly permitted in Section 4;
d. You must not rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, perform, display, broadcast,
        transfer, exploit, or otherwise make available the App or any features or functionality of the App to any third
        party for any reason, including by making the App available on a network where it is capable of being accessed
        by
        more than one device at any time;
e. You must not modify or make any derivative works of the App, in whole or in part;
f. You must not remove any proprietary notices or labels on the App or any copy thereof;
g. You must not use the App in, or in association with, the operation of any hazardous environments or systems,
        including any aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control systems or any other transport
        management systems; safety-critical applications, including medical or life-support systems, vehicle operation
        applications or any police, fire or other safety response systems; and military or aerospace applications,
        weapons
        systems or environments;
h. You must not to interfere, with the proper functioning of the App or use it, as a platform for external
        applications; to develop applications, services, websites; or any other functionalities that leverage the App or
        any
        portion thereof;
i. You must not make any use of the App in any manner not permitted by these Terms or the documentation; and
j. You must use the App in compliance with all applicable laws. ATTENTION: IT IS ILLEGAL IN MANY JURISDICTIONS
        TO
        RECORD AN AUDIO CONVERSATION WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF ALL INDIVIDUALS. YOU MUST COMPLY WITH ALL LAWS WHEN USING
        THE
        APP.
6. Your Content. You are solely responsible for all Content that is uploaded, posted, emailed, transmitted,
        shared, or
        otherwise disseminated using, or in connection with, the App and your Account (“Your Content”). EziCam does not
        claim ownership of Your Content. You grant to EziCam and its affiliates and service providers a worldwide,
        royalty-free, transferrable, sub-licensable, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable license under all of your
        intellectual property rights to make, use, copy, modify, adapt, create derivative works of, publicly perform or
        display, import, broadcast, transmit, distribute, license, publish, and translate Your Content (and derivative
        works
        thereof) in connection with the operation of the App. You represent and warrant that you have the rights
        necessary
        to grant the rights in this Section and that Your Content does not infringe the rights of EziCam or any third
        party
        or violate any agreement with or policy of EziCam or any applicable law. If EziCam suspects violations of the
        foregoing, EziCam may institute legal action and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in bringing legal
        proceedings against violators.
7. Reservation of Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the App is provided under license, and not sold, to you.
        You
        do not acquire any ownership interest or other rights to the App other than the right to use the App in
        accordance
        with the license in Section 4. EziCam reserves and retains its entire right, title and interest in and to the
        App,
        including all copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein or relating
        thereto.
8. App Availability and Support. EziCam has no obligation to and may not provide support in relation to the App
        or your
        Account. EziCam does not guarantee availability of the App or your Account and your access is permitted only if
        and
        when they are available. Your use of the App and access to your Account may occasionally be restricted for
        service,
        upgrades, maintenance, or other reasons. To the maximum extent authorized under applicable law, EziCam reserves
        the
        right to suspend your Account, your use of the App, and discontinue your access to Your Content provided or made
        available to you through the App at any time without notice.
9. Termination. You may terminate your Account or your use of the App at any time. EziCam reserves the right to
        terminate your Account and these Terms and to suspend or terminate the App or your access thereto at any time
        with
        or without prior notice.
10. Disclaimer of warranties. except for the limited warranty provided with any camera you may purchase, ezicam
        does not
        make any other and disclaims all other warranties and conditions with respect to the app, including all express,
        implied, and statutory warranties and conditions. in particular, ezicam hereby disclaims any implied warranties
        or
        conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, durability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet
        enjoyment, or non-infringement and does not make any warranty or claim that the app will be available or
        provided on
        an uninterrupted, timely, or secure basis; will be accurate, complete, reliable, or function properly; meet your
        requirements; be error free or free from viruses, worms, or other harmful or malicious components; provide
        safety,
        privacy, or security; or prevent or minimize theft, property damage, or injury.
11. Disclaimer of certain damages. in no event will ezicam be liable for any consequential, incidental,
        exemplary,
        punitive, or special damages, including any damages to or for loss of data or privacy, revenue, profits, or
        property
        (including buildings, wiring, fixtures, devices, computers, peripherals, and animals) or for injury or death,
        arising from or relating to these terms, your account, or the app.
12. Limitation of liability and exclusive remedies. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and to the
        extent
        they are not excluded or disclaimed under section 12, ezicam’s maximum, aggregate liability to you, and your
        exclusive remedy under these terms for any and all damages, injuries, and losses arising from any all claims and
        causes of action arising out of, based on, resulting from or in any way related to these terms, your account, or
        the
        app will not exceed the amount you paid for the first camera that you connected to the app.
13. Independent Remedies.
The disclaimer and limitation of warranties and the exclusion of damages under Sections 10 and 11 are
        independent of
        your exclusive remedies in these Terms and the disclaimer and limitations of warranties and exclusion of damages
        survive even if the exclusive remedies fails of their essential purpose or otherwise are deemed unenforceable.
        Each
        of the limitations in Sections 11 and 12 apply without regard to whether loss, liability, or damage arise from
        (a)
        breach of contract, (b) breach of warranty, (c) fault or tort, including negligence and misrepresentation, (d)
        strict liability, or (e) any other cause of action, to the extent the exclusions and limitations are not
        prohibited
        by applicable law.
14. Indemnity.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold EziCam, its directors, officers, employees, agents, partners,
        suppliers,
        and licensors harmless and will keep them indemnified from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’
        fees, relating to, arising from, or allegedly arising from (a) Your Content, your use of the App, and activities
        occurring under your Account; (b) any violation of these Terms; or (c) your violation of any other party’s
        rights or
        applicable law. EziCam reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of
        any
        matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with EziCam in asserting any
        available defenses.
15. Governing Law. These Terms are governed by applicable laws, without reference to its conflict of laws
        provisions.
        The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply in any way to
        these
        Terms or to the transactions contemplated by these Terms.
16. General. If any provision of these Terms is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal,
        invalid,
        or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You and EziCam
        intend that the provisions of these Terms be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
        Accordingly, you and EziCam agree that if any provision is deemed unenforceable, where possible, it will be
        modified
        to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, which may include its deletion. Section titles are only for
        convenience and have no legal or contractual significance. Any list of examples following “including” or “e.g.,”
        is
        illustrative and not exhaustive, unless qualified by terms like “only” or “solely. EziCam may assign these
        Terms, in
        whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice to you. You may not assign, transfer, or sublicense your
        rights, if any, in your Account, to the App, or under these Terms. If, at any time, EziCam fails to respond to a
        breach of these Terms by you or others, that failure will not waive EziCam’s right to act with respect to
        subsequent
        or similar breaches. A waiver will only be binding on EziCam if it is in writing and signed by EziCam. These
        Terms
        (including Additional Terms and any incorporated terms or policies) constitute the entire agreement between you
        and
        EziCam with respect to your Account and the App. Both you and EziCam warrant to each other that, in entering
        these
        Terms, neither EziCam nor you have relied on or will have any right or remedy based upon any statement,
        representation, warranty, or assurance other than those expressly stated in these Terms. The preceding sentence
        will
        not limit or exclude any liability that cannot be limited or excluded under applicable law. No one other than
        you
        and EziCam, or EziCam’s successors and permitted assigns, will have any right to enforce any of these Terms.
[Privacy Policy]
1. INFORMATION SHARING
1.1 Camera Sharing. Some of the Services permit you to share access to your camera products with others. If you
        share access to your camera by authorizing a third party on your Account, the third party will be permitted to
        access that camera and to record videos from that camera until you logout from your Account.
1.2 Social Sites. In addition to using Facebook/Wechat/YouTube credentials to set up an Account, certain
        Services
        may permit you to choose to share information and videos taken with our camera products with Social Sites. When
        you
        choose to share with a Social Site, we may share that video or information as well as additional personal
        information about you with the Social Site. Information shared with a Social Site is subject to that Social
        Site’s
        privacy policy and practices, you should familiarize yourself with the Social Site’s privacy policy and
        practices
        before sharing. Facebook’s Data Policy is located at www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
1.3 Disclaimer. We cannot ensure that all of your personal information will never be disclosed in ways not
        otherwise
        described in this Policy.
2. LIVE STREAMING
2.1 Youtube Livestream. We use Youtube, a third-party live platform, to live camera with others. It need google
        account information.
3. THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS
3.1 Google Analytics. We use Google, a third-party analytics provider, to collect information about Services
        usage
        and the users of the Services, including demographic and interest-level information. Google uses cookies and
        pixels
        in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the
        Services, including information about the pages where users enter and exit the Services and the pages users view
        on
        the Services, time spent, browser, operating system, and IP address. Cookies and pixels allow Google to
        recognize a
        user when a user visits the Services and when the user visits other websites. Google uses the information it
        collects from the Services and other websites to share with us and other website operator’s information about
        users
        including age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests, and details about devices used to visit
        websites
        and purchase items. We do not link information we receive from Google with any of your personally identifiable
        information. For more information regarding Google’s use of cookies, pixels, and collection and use of
        information,
        see the Google Privacy Policy. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the
        following
        link: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
3.2 Tencent Bugly Analytics. We use Bugly, a third-party crash analytics provider, to collect information about
        crash and the users of the Services.