We use own and third party cookies. If you continue to browse you accept their use and installation. You can find more information on cookies
here
I accept
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This document describes the privacy policy that governs the treatment of personal data that clients, users and other third parties delivers to the company of Planet Factory group for different products and services offered.
Planet Factory Interactive, SL established in 20, Cos street, Sallent, 08650, Barcelona, Spain, with TIN B-66086083, and registered in the Mercantile Registry of Barcelona, volume 43853, sheet 145, page 440332, 1st registration.
2. OBJECTIVE
The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform customers, users and other third parties the way are collected, treated and protected personal data provided to Planet Factory for different products and services offered.
3. LEGISLATION
This Policy is governed by Spanish law and in particular by:
Organic Law 15/1999, of 13 December, of Protection of Personal Data.
Royal Decree 1720/2007, of 21 December, which approves the regulation of deployment of the Organic Law 15/1999.
Other legislation or regulation related or analogous applicable.
4. PURPOSE OF TREATMENTS AND PERSONAL DATA QUALITY
The personal data that are requested from customers, users and other third parties are
the minimum necessary in order to deliver and manage products and services correctly and are adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose for whichit is requested.
The purposes of the treatment of the personal data collected are to perform commercial management, communication management, marketing management, administrative management and user's support related to the products and services offered by Planet Factory.
The personal data provided by customers, users and other third parties must be correct and accurate so that it responds truthfully to their current situation. Otherwise these data will be cancelled.
The personal data will be treated in a loyal and lawful way.
The personal data are collected for the fulfillment of the purposes set on this document and will not be used for other purposes incompatible with those specified.
The personal data are collected only for educational purposes.
The personal data will be cancelled when they are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they have been collected. However, they could be kept for a period where data may be required by some kind of legal action to Planet Factory for this relationship with clients, users and other third parties.
5. TREATMENT OF PERSONAL DATA CONSENT
The personal data will be stored in the files that are part of the information system of Planet Factory and  processed in order to carry out the purposes set out above.
Planet Factory may use personal data to send commercial information about its products and services or other information the group could think that it may be of interest to customers, users and other third parties.
Files containing personal data are registered in the Data Protection Spanish Agency.
Customers, users and other third parties who facilitate personal data authorize his treatment in order to carry out the purposes set out above.
6. COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL DATA
These data may also be communicated to Government, administrative authorities, judicial authorities and / or police if and when it is established by law.
7. CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
The personal data will be treated with complete confidentiality. Planet Factory undertakes to keep confidentially with respect to the same and guarantees the duty to save them by adopting all the necessary security measures.
Planet Factory has implemented all technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of personal data and avoid their alteration, loss, treatment and / or unauthorized access taking into account the state of technology, the nature of the data stored and the risks to which they are exposed, whether they come from human action or the physical or natural environment, as current legislation for the protection of personal data.
Planet Factory has also implemented additional security measures to reinforce the confidentiality and integrity of information and constantly supervising, monitoring and evaluation of the processes to ensure the data privacy.
However, the transmission of information through communication networks and the Internet is not completely secure; therefore, and despite the fact that Planet Factory held its best efforts to protect personal information, it cannot guarantee the security of them in transit up to the Website. All information that clients, users and other third parties provide, hereby will be sent at your own risk.
8. EXERCISE OF THE RIGHTS OF ACCESS, RECTIFICATION, CANCELLATION AND OPPOSITION
Customers, users and other third parties who have provided personal data to any company in the Planet Factory may refer to any of them, in order to be able to exercise their rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition regarding the data provided, in the terms contained in the current legislation on protection of personal data.
In order to exercise the Rights you can contact, by any means that allows you to certify the sending and receiving of your request to Planet Factory, 27 Sant Ramon street, Cabrianes, 08650, Barcelona, Spain,  or to the following email address: info@planetfactory.com, with the reference "Data Protection", specifying your data, proving your identity and the reasons for your request.
9. OTHER TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT ARE MANAGED AND USED
Planet Factory may use tools of analytic software or third parties which automatically collect and use certain information that does not include personal data. This information may include the properties of the device, the media access control (MAC), address and the unique identifier ot the device or other device identifier (ID), the software platform of the device and firmware, the communications operator, progress in the game, time, score and records or other information that decides Planet Factory to improve the products and services provided.
10. MINORS
Planet Factory understands the importance of protecting children's privacy, especially in an online environment.
Planet Factory will not conduct voluntarily the treatment of personal data relating to minors without prior permission from the parent or legal guardian. In the event that it has knowledge that the personal data collected correspond to a minor without consent, appropriate measures shall be taken to delete this data as soon as possible.
11. OTHER
For any query regarding this policy, you can send it to the email address info@planetfactory.com.
12. RENEWAL AND MODIFICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Privacy Policy of Planet Factory has been updated the month of September 2015.
Planet Factory reserves the right to modify its privacy policy in the event that there is a change in the legislation in force, doctrinal, jurisprudential or by business own criteria. If introduction of any change in this Policy, the new text will be published on this website.
It is recommended to customers, users and other third parties to access periodically to this privacy policy found on the website http://www.planetfactory.com.