Please click
here
if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Privacy Policy for AddMeS
Last updated: 7 May 2024
Welcome to AddMeS ("we", "us", "our"). We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and safeguard your personal information when you use our online web application (https://www.addmes.io). Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access the application.
Information We Collect
We collect information that you provide directly to us when you use our services. The types of information we may collect include
Social Media Account Names:
We collect your social media account usernames or handles that you provide to us when you use our services to integrate social media features.
Your Name and Email Address:
We collect your first/last names and email address that you provide during registration.
Profile pictures:
We collect the pictures that you upload as a profile picture / avatar.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our services;
Understand and analyze how you use our services;
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
Communicate with you, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the web app, and for marketing and promotional purposes;
Send you push notifications;
Find and prevent fraud; and
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service, or other legal rights.
Sharing of Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party vendors and service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as hosting, data analysis, payment processing, information technology, and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, and auditing services.
Third Party Advertisers: We share your information with third party advertising partners, such as AdMob, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet.
As Required By Law: We may share your information if required to do so by law or in response to a subpoena or court order.
Advertising
We partner with third-party advertising companies, including AdMob, to serve ads and provide personalized content to you based on your interests. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interactions with our services and other websites.
Your Choices
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our communications or by contacting us directly. Please note that regardless of your opt-out choices, we will still send you administrative messages regarding the service.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
International Transfers
Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the "Last updated" date.
Data Deletion Request
At AddMeS, we respect your privacy and give you control over your Personally Identifiable Information. If you wish to delete your data from our records please contact us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at " contact @ addmes.io ".
This privacy policy has been created to ensure that your personal information is handled safely and transparently. We value your privacy and strive to protect your personal information.