Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies to
cleaner-app.com
website and desktop applications, our related websites, widgets, add-ons, tools, apps, data, software, APIs and other services (collectively referred as “Products and Services”).
The terms and conditions also apply to any updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for applications, unless other terms accompany those items.
Age Restrictions
The Products and Services are not intended to be used by children under the age of 16. Our company does not knowingly collect information from minors under the age of 16. If we learn that it has collected the personal information of a child under 16, it will delete the information as soon as possible.
Agreement to Privacy Policy
By using our Products and Services you confirm that you agree to these Terms of Our Privacy Policy. Please, read them carefully before using the Products and Services. If you have any queries about the Software or these Terms, you can contact us. If you do not agree to these Terms, you should stop using the Software immediately.
Personal Data We Collect
Cleaner-App does not collect any personal data from its users.
We collect some personal information from the users subscribed to our newsletters only:
The provided email address during subscription.
The email address used to contact to Technical support.
The name of the user, mentioned in the email address.
The application used by the user subscribed to newsletter.
This information will be used strictly for marketing purposes, such as sending you news about products updates or special deals. By subscribing to a newsletter, you automatically accept receiving email messages from us. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include an unsubscribing link at the bottom of each email.
We also collect non-personal information − a certain data transmitted by your device: the periods of time in which you use the App, as well as events within the application recorded with analytics in order to give us the possibility to continuously improve the Apps.
This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Email Newsletter
If you subscribe to Nektony newsletter, the submitted email address will be forwarded to email marketing service provider MailChimp and SendPulse. We consider MailChimp and SendPulse to be a third party data processors (see the GDPR section below). The submitted email address will not be stored within this website’s own database or in any of our internal computer systems.
Your email address will remain within MailChimp’s and SendPulse’s database for as long as we continue to use these services for email marketing or until you specifically request removal from the list. You can do this by unsubscribing using the unsubscribe links contained in any email newsletters that we send you or by requesting removal via email. When requesting removal via email, please send your email to us using the email account that is subscribed to the mailing list.
While your email address remains within the MailChimp or SendPulse database, you will receive periodic (approximately one per week) newsletter-style emails from us.