Privacy policy
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE WEBSITES OR USE OUR SERVICES.
‍
Who We Are and What This Privacy Policy Covers
Planogram, LLC, d/b/a “Planoly” (“
Planoly
”, “
Company
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, or “
us
”), owns and operates the web properties located at
www.planoly.com
and
https://snipfeed.co/
(the “
Websites
”), the Planoly mobile application (the “
App
”), and any content, functionality, and services offered on or through the Websites and the App (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you interact with our Services. This Privacy Policy is governed by our
Terms of Service
and defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the
Terms of Service
. Below we explain how we collect, use, and disclose personal information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information.
‍
Our Services
The Services are a platform for content creators (each, a “
Creator
”) that provides Creators with the following: (i) social media management tools for Linked Services, including the ability to plan, create, schedule, and autopost Creator Content (defined below) on Linked Services (defined bellow); (ii) a suite of products that enable Creators to host various types of content for monetization, including functionality to facilitate the sale of such content through our “
Creator Store
”; and (iii) the ability to comment on social media posts both online and through the Services. Content, materials, text messages, and other data created, uploaded, or otherwise provided by Creators and/or otherwise used in conjunction with our Services (including Public Posts) is “
Creator Content
”. End users who access, view, use, or purchase Creator Content are “
Customers
”. The Services are integrated with and link to other, third-party websites and services, including but not limited to Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, TikTok, X (formerly Twitter), LinkedIn, YouTube, Threads, and Amazon Posts (collectively, “
Linked Services
”).
‍
Collection of Information
We collect information in the following ways:
if and when you provide information to us;
information we collect automatically when you use our Services;
information we collect from other sources;
information we collect from you through our Services; and
information you provide during the job application process.
Each of these is addressed in detail below.
‍
Information You Provide to Us
The amount and type of information depends on the context and how much information you choose to provide, including the following:
Account Information:
We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. Required account information includes first name, last name, email address, and password.
Linked Services
: Should you choose to integrate or link any Linked Services, we will collect your social media handle when you login to manage your Linked Services. You control the permissions given when you link from the Services to any Linked Service. You may also choose to provide us with your account ID, URL, profile picture, time zone, and social media content (including media and copy). Please note that the social media content you choose to provide through Linked Services impacts the functionality of the Services.  Additional details about Linked Services are provided below in
Information We Collect from Other Sources
.
Transaction and Billing Information:
If you purchase a Planoly subscription or request a free trial of the Services, you will provide your payment information to process the transaction.
Customer Support Information
: If you request customer support and/or technical assistance relating to our Services, you will provide additional information so that we may assist you.
‍
Information We Collect Automatically
We also collect some information automatically:
Log Information:
Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services.
Usage and Interaction Information:
We collect information about your usage of, and interaction with, our Services. For example, we collect information about the number of posts made in a given time period and to which of the Linked Services posts were made. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, content preferences, comments, likes, and shares) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, as well as get insights on how people use our Services, so we can improve our Services.
Geolocation Information:
We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address, which includes your time zone. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions and for scheduling your posts to appear in the appropriate time zone.
Pixel Tags:
We may use pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs) within our Services. They can help us analyze what our customers like to do on our Services and the effectiveness of our features and advertising. They can also help us customize your browsing experience. We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personal information. We may also combine personal information you provide to Planoly with other personal information (such as purchase history and demographic information). If we work with other companies to help us track, collect and analyze this information, they will be prohibited from using this information for any other purpose.
Web Browser Cookies
: We collect information about how you use our Services by setting and accessing cookies on the device from which you access our Services. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by our Services that is saved on your storage drive by your computer’s browser. The cookie holds information our Services may need to personalize or enhance your experience and to gather statistical data, such as which pages are visited, the Internet provider’s domain name and the addresses of the sites visited immediately before coming to and immediately after leaving our Websites. The information in the cookie lets Planoly trace “clickstream” activity (i.e., the paths taken by visitors to our Services as they move from page to page) to enable us to better serve our customers by revealing which portions of our Services are the most popular. We may link the anonymous visitor ID from your cookie to a user ID in our database to help us analyze web traffic and statistics. From time to time, other companies may help us with data research and analysis, but they will be prohibited from using that data for any other purpose. You can manage how we use cookies on your browser by clicking on the “Cookie Settings” icon in the lower left corner of our Websites. Clicking on the “Cookies Settings” icon will take you to a popup where you can manage your cookie preferences. The following is a description of each type of cookie on our Services: some text
Necessary Cookies
: Necessary cookies help make the Services usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the Services. The Services cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences Cookies:
Preference cookies enable the Services to remember information that changes the way the Services behave or look, like your preferred language or the region where you are located.
Statistics Cookies
: Statistics cookies help us understand how visitors interact with the Services by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing Cookies:
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites.
By clicking “Deny”, you can choose to reject all cookies except for the “Necessary Cookies”, which are required for the Services to function. In addition to using our cookie manager, you can also adjust your cookies through your browser settings. You can learn more about cookies at the following link:
All About Cookies | Online Privacy and Digital Security
. Please note that removing cookies may affect how the Services work.
Public Social Media Posts:
We may collect public posts to social media platforms and other social media information such as your name and social media handle that specifically mentions our Company via our handles.
Shopping History:
We may collect your shopping history if you make purchases through our Creator Store.
Other Technologies:
The Services, including our service providers, may also use other technologies such as JavaScript. We may use local storage (HTML5). We may also permit third parties to use cookies, web beacons, JavaScript, and eTags on our Services.
Internet-Based Advertising:
Some of the advertisements presented on our Services are provided by third-parties based on the activity of your browser or use of our Apps. The information, which may contain personal information, may be provided to Planoly by you or it may be derived by our advertising service providers from your browser’s activity over time and across non-related websites or applications. Such tracking can be accomplished with targeting cookies and/or pixels/web beacons. More information on interest-based advertising is available at the following Network Advertising Initiative link:
https://thenai.org/about-online-advertising/
.
‍
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you create or log into your Planoly account through another service (like Google or Apple), we will receive information from that service (such as your basic profile information) via the authorization procedures used by that service.
If you integrate or connect to the Linked Services, we may collect certain information stored in your Linked Services, including your Creator Content. You set the permissions for what Creator Content is shared with Planoly through each Linked Service and you may adjust or revoke those permissions at any time. Depending on the permissions you set and the specific Linked Service, we may receive the following Creator Content: profile image, display name, username / page ID or profile ID, access tokens, sent posts, profile boards, and existing videos. This Creator Content may include the content of your post and engagement data (such as click rates, likes, re-shares, impressions, as well as general engagement counts), to the extent permitted by applicable law. This data will only be used by Planoly to provide you with the Service you expect and will not be shared with any third parties
Should you wish to revoke access to any service you have linked, you can access and alter the applicable security settings through the following links:
‍
Facebook
X (formerly Twitter)
‍
Instagram
‍
Pinterest
‍
LinkedIn
TikTok
Google Security Settings
(YouTube)
Threads
Amazon Posts
‍
Information You Provide During the Job Application Process
We may also receive information about you if you submit a job application, inquire about opportunities at Planoly, provide us your information at a recruiting event, or if we receive information about you from third parties in connection with our recruiting activities. Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will refer to this information as “
Recruiting Data
”. Recruiting
Data may include:
Name and contact information such as phone number, email address, and postal address;
employment history such as prior employers and dates of employment;
education history such as degrees earned and institutions attended;
resume, CV, educational transcripts, and any information contained in or with such documentation;
job qualifications and work eligibility information such as country of residence, visa and immigration status, and citizenship;
reference information, such as name and contact details of your references;
compensation information that you voluntarily provide, and which may depend on your region and applicable laws and regulations;
background check information, subject to applicable law; and
sensitive personal information that you provide voluntarily or which we request on a non-mandatory basis in order to comply with applicable law.
You are responsible for the Recruiting Data you provide or make available to us and all Recruiting Data you provide must be truthful, accurate, and not misleading in any way. You may not provide Recruiting Data that is obscene, defamatory, infringing, malicious, or that violates any law. To the extent you voluntarily provide any sensitive or special categories of information, as may be defined in applicable laws, you explicitly consent to our processing of such information as described in this Privacy Policy. Depending on your region or the region where an opportunity is located, we may be required to process certain sensitive personal information to comply with applicable local law. You are responsible for providing any notices and obtaining any consents necessary for us to collect and use personal information of your references as described in this Privacy Policy.
‍
How And Why We Use Your Personal Information
We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below:
to provide our Services, for example, to set up and maintain your account, provide support and customer service, or charge you for any of our paid Services;
to further develop and improve our Services, for example by adding new features that we think our customers will enjoy;
to monitor and analyze trends and better understand how customers interact with our Services, which helps us improve our Services and make them easier to use;
to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand customer retention and attrition for example, we may analyze how many individuals purchased a plan after receiving a marketing message or the features used by those who continue to use our Services after a certain length of time;
to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, protect the security of our Services, detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, fight spam, and protect the rights and property of Planoly and others, including enforcing our
Terms of Service
and/or other agreements, which may result in us declining a transaction or the use of our Services;
to provide webinars, workshops, and training sessions;
to provide optional features of the Services as more fully set forth in the
Planoly AI Supplementary Terms
;
to communicate with you in response to your inquiries regarding the Services or otherwise, such as in response to sales inquiries;
to facilitate transactions between, and resolve any disputes involving, Creators and Customers that occur through our Services;
to communicate with you, for example through an email about offers and promotions offered by Planoly and others we think will be of interest to you, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date on Planoly and our products;
to personalize your experience using our Services and target our marketing messages to groups of our customers; and
for Recruiting Data, to review and evaluate an application you submit, communicate with you regarding your application or other interest in Planoly opportunities; process your onboarding if you are hired; operate, improve, and maintain the security of our recruiting process; and comply with applicable laws and otherwise operate our business.
‍
How and Why We Disclose Personal Information
We disclose information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards in place to protect your privacy:
Subsidiaries, Employees, and Independent Contractors:
We may disclose information about you to our affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our Services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we disclose to them.
Third Party Vendors:
We may disclose information about you to third party vendors who need to know information about you in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like payment providers that process your credit and debit card information or technology providers that enable certain features in our Services, such as the Linked Services providers); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing audience or improving our marketing campaigns); those that help us provide support and obtain your feedback (like support platforms); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); and those that help us conduct our recruiting and hiring activities (such as recruiting firms or background check providers). If you connect your account to any Linked Services, certain information will be disclosed to such Linked Services and Planoly to facilitate the integration and, subject to the permissions you grant, provide Planoly with Creator Content posted to such Linked Services.
Your Employer or Relevant Organization:
We may disclose your email address to your employer or other relevant organization in certain circumstances.
Legal Requests:
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To Facilitate Transactions and Disputes between Creators and Customers:
We may disclose information about Creators or Customers to another Creator or Customer if necessary to facilitate a transaction between such Creator and Customer or to resolve a dispute such Creator and Customer.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others:
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Planoly, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay, or we may need to disclose your information in connection with enforcing our
Terms of Service
and/or other agreements.
Business Transfers:
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Planoly goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, your information (including your Creator Content) would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
With Your Consent:
We may disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may disclose your information to third parties with which you authorize us to do so.
Aggregated or De-Identified Information:
We may disclose information that has been aggregated or reasonably de-identified, so that the information could not reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services.
Published Support Requests:
And if you send us a request (for example, via a support email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other customers and may remove your personal information from the request.
‍
How Long We Keep Personal Information
We generally delete information about you when we no longer need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it (which are described in
How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
) and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
‍
How to Access and Control Your Personal Information
You can view, access, edit, or delete your account within the Services by navigating to your “My Profile” page from the Settings menu, scrolling down to “Delete Account”, and following the onscreen instructions. You may request that Planoly delete your account by sending an email to
support@planoly.com
. Planoly will verify your identity and then delete the personal information associated with your account. Please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law, and we may deny your deletion request if retaining the personal information is necessary for us or our service providers under any permitted exceptions.
‍
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information through any of the Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information through the Services. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
support@planoly.com
.
‍
Security
We apply commercially reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information. Such safeguards protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, unlawful processing and accidental loss, destruction, or damage of your personal information. Although these safeguards reduce the risk of adverse effects to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your personal information, they cannot ensure or guarantee against the possibility of a security incident.
‍
Other Sites, Mobile Applications, and Services
The Services may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties such as social media companies or payment processors, including but not limited to the Linked Services (“
Third Party Services
”). These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.  In addition, our content may be included on Third Party Services. We do not control these Third Party Services, we are not responsible for their actions, and they may follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of Third Party Services you use.
‍
Your Choices
You have several choices available when it comes to information about you:
Limit the Information that You Provide:
If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services may not be accessible.
Choose Not to Use Certain Features:
You may choose not to use certain features within our Services where the use of such features results in the processing of information you submit through the feature by a third party. For example, use of our AI feature results in the sharing of information in accordance with the
Planoly AI Supplementary Terms
. If you do not wish to disclose information with the third party providing the Planoly AI (as defined in the
Planoly AI Supplementary Terms
), please do not use such feature.
Opt-Out of Electronic Communications:
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from us. Just follow the instructions in those messages. If you opt out of promotional messages, we may still send you other messages, like those about your account and legal notices.
Set Your Browser to Reject Cookies:
At this time, Planoly does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using our Websites, with the drawback that certain features of the Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Please see “Web Browser Cookies” above under Information We Collect Automatically
for additional information.
Delete Your Account:
If you no longer want to use our Services, you can delete your Planoly account. Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in
How Long We Keep Personal Information
above, for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests.
‍
Regional Terms for Europe and Certain US States
Our are hosted in and provided from the United States, and your use of our Services is governed by United States law. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our systems and facilities, and those of our third party providers and recipients of information, are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might be different than those in your country. By using the Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our systems and facilities, and to the systems and facilities of those third parties to whom we disclose information as described in this Privacy Policy.
The below provides additional information to individuals who are residents of certain US states or are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland (“
Relevant Regions
”) as required under applicable data protection laws in those regions (“
Regional Laws
”).
Data Subprocessors
We may contract with third-party service providers as data subprocessors to collect or process your personal information under our instruction (collectively, our “
subprocessors
”). Subprocessors can perform many processing activities including but not limited to:
helping us operate our business and the Services or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys;
verifying your eligibility for a credit card or other services; or
protecting payment transactions against fraud or identity theft.
Planoly currently engages the following subprocessors:
Subprocessor
Purpose of Processing
Country location(s)
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Cloud (hosting) services
USA
Apple, Inc.
Payment processing
USA
Bill.com
Accounting
USA
Email List Verify
Fraud prevention
USA
Google, LLC
Storage, and analytics
USA
Hubspot, Inc.
Marketing and customer service
USA
Intuit, Inc.
Accounting
USA
Mailchimp
Customer communication
USA
MongoDB
Cloud (hosting) services
USA
OpenAI OpCo, LLC
Generative AI services provider
USA
PayPal Holdings, Inc.
Payment processing
USA
Pendo.io, Inc.
Analytics
USA
Retool
Analytics and customer support
USA
Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry
Analytics and error handling
USA
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Chat Communications & community
USA
Stripe, Inc.
Payment Processing
USA
Twilio
Customer messaging
USA
Vercel
Cloud (hosting) services
USA
‍
Your Consumer Rights
Certain Regional Laws provide individuals in Relevant Regions certain rights regarding their personal information. If a Regional Law applies to you, you may submit a request to exercise your right(s) in relation to your personal information, as set forth below. Please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing written materials demonstrating that you have granted the authorized agent power of attorney. Please note that if an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may need to contact you to verify your identity and protect the security of your personal information.
Know/Access:
You may request access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, which may, in accordance with Regional Laws, be limited to the information collected in the prior 12 months. You may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the sources of such collection, the categories of personal information we share for a business or commercial purpose, and the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
Correct/Rectify:
You may request that we correct or rectify the personal information we have collected about you. Please note that we may decline to correct certain information as required or permitted by applicable law, and we may deny your correction request if retaining the personal information in its current state is necessary for us or our service providers under any permitted exceptions. We are required by law to verify your identity prior to correcting your information in order to protect your privacy and security. If you request to change your personal information, certain of our Services may no longer be available to you or may no longer operate correctly.
Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information:
You may request that we limit the use of sensitive personal information, as defined in Regional Laws, to certain purposes as set forth in the Regional Laws.
Delete/Erase:
You may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you. Please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law, and we may deny your deletion request if retaining the personal information is necessary for us or our service providers under any permitted exceptions. If you request to delete your personal information, certain of our Services may no longer be available to you.
Restrict or Object:
You may request that we limit the way we use your personal information or object to certain forms of processing.
Data Portability:
You may request for your personal information to be transferred directly to another organization.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling:
You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making if it produces a legal effect that significantly affects you, with certain exceptions. Please note that we do not generally engage in this activity and do not as a matter of course control or process personal information for this purpose, and if we do, we comply with Regional Laws in connection with such data processing.
Not to Receive Direct Marketing Communications:
In some Relevant Regions, you may request to not receive our direct marketing messages, as more fully set forth below.
Certain other details regarding the processing of personal information that individuals located in Relevant Regions may be entitled to receive are contained in other provisions of this
Regional Terms for Europe and Certain US State
s section.
You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal information using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you don’t have an account, or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, our contact information is set forth in
How to Reach Us
below. Individuals in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and United Kingdom (collectively, “
Europe
”) also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. Under some Regional Laws, you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We will respond to a verifiable consumer request within the time periods permitted under Regional Laws. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing, in accordance with Regional Laws.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Regional Laws may require us to verify your identity. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. We may not be able to provide all of the information requested, for example: (i) if the personal information was collected for a single one-time transaction and if, in the ordinary course of business, such information was not retained; (ii) we would be required to reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, was not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or (iii) the consumer used different browsers, devices or identifying information and we have not linked all such information together.
California Privacy Rights Act Notice
If you are a California resident or resident of a US state with other Regional Laws, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together, the “
CPRA
”) and other Regional Laws require us to disclose the following information with respect to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Categories and Specific Pieces of Personal Information Collected
: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: certain identifiers, certain of the personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statutes, commercial information, internet or other similar network activity, geolocation data, and professional or employment-related information. For more detail regarding the personal information we collect, please see
Collection of Information
above.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting and Using Personal Information
: We collect personal information for the business purposes described in
How and Why We Use Your Personal Information
above.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
: We collect personal information directly from you, automatically, and from other sources, each of which is more particularly described in
Collection of Information
above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
: In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes as set forth in
How and Why We Disclose Personal Information
above.
Categories of Third Parties to whom We Disclose Personal Information
: We may disclose your personal information to the third parties as described in
How and Why We Disclose Personal Information
above.
“Sale” or “Sharing” of Personal Information
: Planoly does not make your personal information available for purchase or otherwise share your information in exchange for monetary compensation. Certain sharing of your information, however, may be considered a “sale” under the CPRA’s broad definition. In particular, in the last 12 months, if you have visited our Websites our used our Services, we may have shared your email address with advertising partners to match and serve our targeted advertisements on third party websites. You may find additional information about our use of cookies in
Information We Collect Automatically
. You can submit a request to opt-out of sale/sharing of your personal information using the form available
here
.
Retention of Data.
Please see
How Long We Keep Personal Information
above for details regarding the time period for which we retain personal information or the criteria we use to determine how long we retain personal information.
‍
Non-Discrimination and Non-Retaliation
We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising any of your CPRA rights. Unless permitted by the CPRA, we will not deny you goods or services; charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; and/or suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
‍
California “Shine the Light” Law
California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure (if any) of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83. To make such a request, please contact us, identify yourself as a California resident and provide sufficient information so we can take appropriate action, such as your name, email address or any additional information required.
‍
Individuals Located in Europe
If you are located in Europe (as defined above), the legal bases for using your personal information are as follows:
where use of your information is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our
Terms of Service
and/or other agreements with you or as necessary to administer your account (for example, in order to enable access to our Services on your device or charge you for a subscription);
where use of your information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
where use of your information is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person;
where use of your information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to secure, update, and improve our Services; to communicate with you and respond to your requests and inquiries; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; to better understand user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; to personalize your experience; for fraud prevention and know-your-customer obligations; to conduct our recruiting activities; and to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims); or
where we have your consent, in accordance with applicable law (for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on).
‍
Transfer of Corporate Assets
If Planoly is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, Planoly reserves the right to transfer or assign the personal information you provided to us as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control to the new entity. In the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditor’s rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is processed. If such a situation arises, Planoly would request that all applicable privacy laws and protection standards at least as stringent as Planoly’s be applied to your personal information originally in our possession. In the event of a transfer of corporate assets, the information regarding the transfer will be posted on our Services.
‍
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Planoly may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Planoly’s sole discretion. Planoly encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Services (including visits to the Websites) after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
‍
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of your rights mentioned herein, please contact us at
support@planoly.com
. You may reach us by mail at Planogram, LLC, 1606 Headway Circle, Suite #9512, Austin, Texas 78754, USA.
‍
Last Modified:
November 21, 2024
‍
Need Help With
Something Else
?
Reach out to customer support crew.
Contact us
Choose
a product to start with
Creator Store
Social Planner