Our Privacy Policy
Theotino Information Technology Co., Ltd. ("We") is committed to protect the privacy of its users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Theotino Information Technology Co., Ltd. manages, collects, stores and uses the information you provide in connection with our games ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by us through your use of a Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Information Collected and Used
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to verify user accounts, render good service, fulfill your requirements, and resolve your issues. Please rest assured that any information provided by you is well protected according to this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
When you register the game and use the Service, we may collect and record the information you provide to us, whether through the game or through social network or other third party services ("Account Information").
The type of information may include:
(1) Your Name, Gender, Country, Profile Picture, Email Address;
(2) Third party (such as Facebook) user identification number;
(3) Technical information typically through the use of server log files, and mobile device software development kits.
We may acquire information from you through:
(1) Your account (such as Facebook) you use to register the game;
(2) Your access and participation in message boards on the Service;
(3) Your email of a question to our customer support;
(4) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties. We may use it, but not limited to in the following ways: to create your account and ensure safe smooth gameplay; to allow user-to-user communication; to provide technical support and respond to user inquires; to complete the transactions initiated by you, to receive feedback to improve our game and customize user experience.
In addition, we may send push notification to you with your consent to inform you the game updates, promotions, and other relevant messages. You can choose to opt out of it in the settings of your device.
Do we disclose or otherwise share information with third parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer any personally identifiable information to third parties.
This does not include third parties who assist us in operating our site or apps so long as these parties agree to keep this information confidential.
How to Delete Your Information
To make a request to delete, you can contact us in writing at
cm@ae-mobile.com
. Place "Delete My Account" in the subject line and include your first name, last name, e-mail address, User ID of your game and the social network from which you access our Services (if applicable) in the body of the e-mail (for example, your Facebook user ID). We will respond to your email as soon as possible, but no later than within 30 calendar days from receiving your request. Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at ae-mobile.com