Effective Date: November 2017
Streetwear Official, Inc., (“Streetwear Official,” “We,” “Us,” “Our”) is committed to protecting both the personal as well as business information you share and/or store with us. By using this website, you consent to this Privacy Policy, which applies to transactions and activities and data gathered through the Streetwear Official Website and interaction you may have with its related Social Media accounts. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may revise it without notice.
What information do you collect from me?
Generally, we collect information that may personally identify you when you voluntarily:
register an account on this Website,
place an order,
enter a contest or sweepstakes,
respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or
engage with another Website feature.
Account Registration
You may choose to create a personal account on our Website, which may require that you disclose certain personally identifiable information for identification, including a unique email address and demographic information (including, for example, ZIP code, age, sex, job industry, job title, and income).
Billing and Credit Card Information
In addition, our services comprise, generally, fashion retail and wholesale services. In order to enable payment by you to fulfill your orders, we may collect name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, and other billing information. This information will only be shared with third parties who facilitate completion of the purchase transaction, such as by fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments.
We will not disclose your billing and/or credit card information with other third parties unless required by law or a court order, or unless disclosure is required to address an issue implicated by the financial transaction. For instance, if you claim that your billing and/or credit card information was used to make a purchase you did not authorize, details about the transaction may be disclosed to law enforcement and any party we deem necessary to address the matter.
Gift Recipient Information
We may also collect information about gift recipients, including name, delivery address, phone number, and other information, so that may be may be able to fulfill any purchases made on their behalf. We do not use information we collect about gift recipients for marketing purposes.
Changes to Personally Identifiable Information
To change any personally identifiable information that you have shared with us, please access the “My Account” section of our Webpage. You may also contact us HERE
How is My Information Used?
The information we collect is used for a variety of purposes, such as:
to enable your use of our Services, such as enabling you to make purchases of clothing and accessories we have listed for sale by processing your transactions;
to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of our Services to improve our relationship with our customers by personalizing your site experience where possible, allowing us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested;
to improve our service to you in responding to any of your customer service requests;
for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base to improve our relationship with our customers;
to customize your experience by allowing advertising to be targeted to the users for whom such advertising is most pertinent; and
to administer contests, promotions, surveys, and/or other site features.
Direct Communication
We may contact you via email, telephone, text, paper mail, or other delivery method regarding the status and/or delivery of any products or services that you may have purchased through this Website.
E-mail List
Visitors to the Website who register an account or engage with other site features, such as marketing programs and “members only” content, will be given a choice whether they would like to be included on our email list and receive e-mail newsletters from us.
If you have opted-in to receive email newsletters from us, you may periodically receive communications including links to and information regarding sales, promotions, sweepstakes, and other information that we believe you may find interesting.
If you have not opted-in to receive email newsletters from us, you will not receive these e-mails.
How to Opt-Out of E-mail List
If you would no longer like to receive email newsletters from us, you can unsubscribe by selecting the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of any of our promotional emails.
How is My Information Stored?
We implement a variety of security measures in an effort to reasonably maintain the safety of your personal information.  Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
What Information is Collected Through Technology and by Third-Parties?
As you browse through our website and place orders, we automatically collect and store the following non-personal, or anonymous information about your visit:
the date and time you access our site;
the pages you visit on our site;
if You navigate to our site by clicking a link, the location of that link;
the technical capabilities of the computer you use to access our site;
the internet service provider You use to connect to our site (for example "companyX.com" if you have a commercial internet account, or "universityX.edu" if you connect from a university); and
the IP address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the internet) from which you access our site.
We use this information, in the aggregate, to make our website more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology used, to detect operational problems, and to improve the website's overall security.
Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies
We use "cookies," Web beacons, HTML5 local storage and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For example, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You may choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you may even choose to turn off all cookies through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look to your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. Do note, that if you turn cookies off, you may lose access to many features that make your experience on our website more efficient, and some of our services will not function properly. If you turn cookies off and are unable to place an order online through our website, you may still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
We do not respond to browser-based "do not track" signals.
We may transmit non-personally identifiable website usage information to third parties in order to show you advertising for Streetwear Official when you visit other sites.
Analytics, Log Files and Reading History
We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, operating system and other usage information about the use of our Services, including a history of the pages you view.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, including customized recommendations, advertising, to improve marketing, and to track access and use of our Services across the devices that you may use to access our Services.
We have hired third parties to provide us information, reports and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of our users. They may independently record the type of device and operating system you are using, general location information, as well as events that occur on our Website, such as how often you use our Website.
Which Third-party Persons/Entities is My Personally Identifiable Information Shared With?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include www.StreetwearOfficial.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
Third Parties
We may share information about our visitors in aggregate or de-identified form with third parties. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to indicate a restriction of our use or sharing of aggregated or de-identified information in any way.
We may also include links to third party websites on our Website in an attempt to provide you with increased value. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including whether a specific link works).
Disclosure by Necessity
We may occasionally access, preserve, and/or disclose personal information as required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
comply with the law or with legal process;
protect and defend our rights and property;
protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Services; or
protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
As we continue to develop our business, we or our affiliates may sell or buy other businesses or entities, or we may merge with another company, or be bought by another company. In such transactions, personal information may be among the transferred assets.
Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which we maintain facilities or conduct operations. By using our Website, your personal information may be transferred outside of your country of use and/or residence.
When your account becomes inactive, your information may remain in our computers, electronic databases, and archives, and may not be reasonably capable of expungement.
Additionally, Streetwear Official reserves the right to solely define and limit, refuse, and/or cancel orders from customers at any time due to:
An irregular or excessive returns history indicative of “wardrobing;”
An irregular or excessive returns history involving worn, altered, laundered, damaged, or missing items; or
Potential fraudulent or criminal activity.
Miscellaneous
Children's Guidelines
COPPA Compliance. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13.
Amendments
This Privacy Policy may be amended by us at any time and without notice, but only by amending this Policy as posted on this Website. Any amendments will become effective 30 days after being posted on the website, unless circumstances require that a change be immediately implemented.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please feel free to contact us at orders@streetwearofficial.com with any comments and/or concerns regarding this policy.
Consignment / Reselling
Please note that certain items are consigners items and the price is dictated by the consigner and reseller market value. For certain items the original price stated on the tag does not reflect the item's reseller market value. Brands include: Supreme, Vlone, Bape, Off-White and more.