Privacy
Policy
Ilmfinity LLC (“we,”
“us,” or “our”)
respects your privacy rights and is committed to being
transparent with our use of your information. If you are a resident or access
our Services from within the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we apply the
privacy protection to your information required by the General Data Protection
Regulation.
This Privacy
Policy applies to our use of your information throughout the Services, unless a
part of the Services is governed by its own privacy policy. Our Services are
currently:
·
Our game “EvoCreo” (the “Game”)
About
This Privacy
Policy concerns the information that (i) you may provide us with (for example
when you sign up with our Service) and that we may (ii) collect from you
automatically when you use our Service, (iii) receive from other, third party
sources, or (iv) collect from you because you made this information publically
available (for example public archives).
We protect and
grant you your rights regarding information that can
identify you as an
individual
(for example your name, age, gender, online user name, or your
political opinion or religious belief) as well as information that can only
personally
identify you together with other information
that we collect from you (for
example your IP address, your activity with our Services, hardware device ID,
or your browser type) (“Personal Information”).
Some of your
information may be collected, stored, used, disclosed, or shared,
anonymized
by isolating the information from any personal identifiers and thereby cannot
be used by us, or third parties that we share such information with, to
identify you.
We may store some of your information via
local storage
(for example cookies) temporarily or permanently on your internet enabled
device, which allows us to retrieve information on your device about your use
of the Services (e.g. which language you prefer or your log in name).
What We Collect and How We Use It
General Use Policy
. We may use your
information to provide, administer, maintain, and improve our Services;
personalize your experience of the Services; analyze user activity of our
Services; provide you with support regarding our Services; engage in
advertising activity; to enforce our rights and the rights of other users of
the Services, and to comply with our legal obligations; or to prevent imminent
and serious bodily harm to a person.
Information You Provide Us With
Our Game
. We may collect the
following Personal Information when you purchase and or play our Game in order
to
fulfill
the promises we made when you bought the Game (for example to provide the Game
to you, improve your gameplay experience, to contact you and provide you with
support).
·
Your Google email and account ID used during login
·
Your Apple email and account ID used during login
Reaching Out To Us
. We collect information from you when you send us or one of
our representatives an email or otherwise correspond with us directly (for
example your name, email address, or statements that you make). We store this
information, including Personal Information, for purposes of reacting to your
request and providing you with the necessary support regarding our Services. We
will not collect information if your communication with us does not relate to
our Services or future services.
Information We Collect Automatically
Automatic Collection
. We make use of
various third party analytic and reporting technologies and partner with third
parties to record information automatically when you use our Service. Currently
we employ the following third party services, each of which collects data in
accordance with their respective privacy policies:
·
Google Analytics
for
our Game which collects information in accordance with its
privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy and our Privacy Policy.
·
Tapjoy for our Game which collects information in accordance
with its privacy policy at https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy and our
Privacy Policy.
·
AdColony for our Game, which collects information in accordance
with its privacy policy at https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/ and our Privacy
Policy.
·
Firebase for our Game, which collects information in accordance
with its privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Playing Our
Game
.
When you play our Game we may automatically collect the following information
to help manage, monitor and improve our Game, give you access to specific
features of our Game, to provide you with support when you encounter problems playing
our Game, and to place advertisement in our Game:
·
Your basic computer information (such as your device ID, your
routing device, operating system, IP Address, amount of free hard drive space
and your RAM) in anonymized form
·
Your coarse location data in anonymized form
·
Crash reports on your in Game behavior
·
Which in-Game purchase you made to validate your purchases
·
The view rate of our advertisement in anonymized form
·
Gameplay data such as you avatar name, monsters owned, you in
game money, you skill tree and so forth. (“Gameplay Data”) Reach out to us if
you would like to know more about which Gameplay Data we collect. Further, we
may use the Gameplay Data to research player behavior to improve our current or
future services. In such an event, we will only use the Gameplay Data in
anonymized form
·
Your
Google
Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”) or ID For
Vendor (“IDFV”) on iOS devices.
How We Share Your Information With Third Parties
Our Sharing Policy
. We may share your
Personal Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy to our
subsidiaries or successors and affiliated third parties. We will only share
your Personal Information beyond that with your consent or in the following
events:
to
prevent an emergency, to prevent harm to others, to respond to legal
requirements, to protect or enforce our rights and policies, to protect or
enforce the rights of a third party, or as required or permitted by law
(including, without limitation, to comply with a subpoena or court order). We
will treat your Personal Information as subject to the protections described in
this policy.
We may transfer
Personal Information for processing in countries in which the privacy laws may
not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside or are a
citizen.
If you have accessed our Service from within the EEA, additional
rules apply to the transfer of your Personal Information (see below).
Third Party Service Providers.
We contract with third parties
who help us with our Services. Currently the third parties are:
·
Google Analytics to
operate automatic collection during your use of our Services
·
Tapjoy and AdColony to operate in game, trigger based
advertisement
·
Firebase for crash
reports from in Game user behavior
We take
commercially reasonable precautions to prevent such third parties from
disclosing your Personal Information. Their use of this information is
contractually bound to the purposes of this Privacy Policy and their own
privacy policy (found on their websites). However, we cannot guarantee that
such third parties will not disclose your information.
How
We Protect Your Personal Information
We take
reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of
your information. We have implemented physical, electronic and managerial
procedures in order to help safeguard and prevent unauthorized access, use,
alteration, modification and/or disclosure of your information by which you can
be identified.
We cannot
ensure or warrant perfect security. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any
disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party
access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our
reasonable control.
Our
Policy On Information From Children
Under Thirteen.
Our Services are intended for users ages 13 and older
only. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any Personal
Information from children that we know to be under the age of 13. In addition,
we will delete any information in our possession that we discover originates
from a child under the age of 13. However, we will be collecting a specific
persistent identifier (such as a generated alpha-numeric key) to ensure that a
child that is under 13 is playing our Game and we do not collect any
information from that child.
Parental
Controls.
If you believe that your child’s Personal Information was
mistakenly collected through our services, please contact us immediately at
contact@ilmfinity.com
and we will work with you to determine if this is the case and remove such
information if necessary.
Your
Options On How We Treat Your Personal Information
Personal Information.
You may
review, update, change, or delete your information that can be used to
personally identify you, by requesting that we cancel your access to our
Services (for example, delete your Forum or Game Account or cancel your
Crowdfunding participation) at
contact@ilmfinity.com
.
Cookies And
Local Storage
. You may delete local storage or cease our placement and use
of local storage by setting your browser or internet abled device to disable
local storage (if applicable). Please be aware that local storage is important
for your access of our Services and if you disable local storage, your access
of our Service may be restricted or impossible.
Opting-Out.
You may
opt-out from having your Personal Information used for certain purposes. If you
no longer wish to receive our newsletters and promotional communications, you
may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each
newsletter or communication or by emailing us at
contact@ilmfinity.com
.
Retention.
We retain
information about you as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill the purposes
outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may retain your information
for an additional period as is permitted or required to (for example to comply
with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements). If
required by applicable law, we shall delete your information when the
information is no longer necessary or requested to do so.
California
Privacy Rights.
California Civil Code section 1798.83 permits customers who
are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure
within the immediately preceding calendar year of that resident's Personal
Information to third parties and in some cases affiliates for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request, contact us through the information
provided below. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request
per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by
means other than through the email address. For your protection, you will be
required to provide proof of your identity to obtain a copy of your Personal
Information.
Rules
When You Access the Service from Within the EEA
If you access
our Service from within an EEA Member State, the following privacy rules apply
to you.
The Purposes
For Which We Collect Information From You
. We only process your Personal
Information if we have a lawful purpose pursuant to Article 6(1) GDPR. The
following lawful purposes apply to such information that we collect from you:
·
Necessary Collection To Perform Services (Article 6(1)(b)
GDPR).
We need
t
he
Personal Information that we collect for our Game in order to fulfill our
obligations and perform the services that you and we agreed upon for your
access to and use of our Game.
·
Other Purposes
. We may process your information when we are legally obliged
to under GDPR Article 6(1)(c) (for example for tax purposes), it is necessary
in order to protect the vital interests of you or someone else under GDPR
Article 6(1)(d), it is necessary in public interest under GDPR(6)(e), or for
security reasons, to better understand your and others interest and preferences
for our Services and improve our Services, for internal purposes (for example
for auditing), and to secure and enforce our rights under GDPR Article 6(1)(f).
Your Data
Rights
. You have the right to correct, update and change (if the
information we process is incorrect), or delete Personal Information or demand
from us to release such information, as well as restrict how we use or entirely
end the use such information, by sending an email to
contact@ilmfinity.com
. Your rights,
however, may be limited, for example we will keep Personal Information if, at
the time or foreseeable future, it is necessary for us to establish, exercise,
or defend against a legal claim.
Transferring
and Sharing Data
. We will never transfer your Personal Information to a third
party or a successor of ours that resides in a country that does not adhere or
cannot guarantee the same privacy protection standards as provided by the GDPR.
Currently we share your Personal Information with the following parties outside
of the EEA, all of which protect your rights pursuant to the GDPR:
·
We share the Personal Information that we collect
automatically through your use of Service with Google LLC for purposes of
helping to optimize our Service, to provide you with support when you encounter
problems using our Service, or to establish the marketing performance of our
Websites. Google LLC is located in the US and applies the safeguards pursuant
to the EU-US Privacy Shield. You can view Google LLC’s privacy protection
standards for Google Analytics at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/
6004245?hl=en.
·
We share your coarse location data, your view rate, and your
device ID in anonymized form with AdColony, Inc. for purposes of placing
advertisement. AdColony, Inc. is located in the US and applies the safeguards
pursuant to the EU-US Privacy Shield. You can view AdColony, Inc.’s privacy
protection standards for AdColony at https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/.
·
We share your coarse location data and your device ID in
anonymized form with Tapjoy, Inc. for purposes of placing advertisement. Tapjoy,
Inc. is located in the US and applies the safeguards pursuant to the EU-US
Privacy Shield. You can view Tapjoy, Inc.’s privacy protection standards for Tapjoy
at https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy.
·
We share your crash reports on your in Game behavior and your
basic computer information (such as your device ID, your routing device,
operating system, amount of free hard drive space and your RAM) in anonymized
form with Google LLC for purposes of managing, monitoring and improving our Game
and providing you with support when you encounter problems playing our Game. Google
LLC is located in the US and applies the safeguards pursuant to the EU-US
Privacy Shield. You can view Google LLC’s privacy protection standards for Firebase
at https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Parental Control. Children Under Sixteen
. We do not
acquire Personal Information based on consent from children under the age of
sixteen. If you believe that your child’s Personal Information was mistakenly
collected through our Service, please contact us immediately at
contact@ilmfinity.com
and we will
work with you to determine if this is the case and grant you the rights under
this Section.
Liability For
Data Breach By Third Parties
. If we share your Personal Information with a third party
that processes the information on our behalf, we will be liable for that third
party’s processing of your information in violation of the GDPR and this
Privacy Policy, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event
giving rise to the damage.
Complaint
. If you believe that your rights described in this Privacy
Policy are violated or you believe that we have not held ourselves to the
standards described in this Privacy Policy or under the GDPR, you have the
right to lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority in the
country of your residence.
Changes
to our Privacy Policy
We may make
changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, we will notify you of
any changes by posting a notice within our Services. If you receive
notification of a change in our Privacy Policy, you must review the new Privacy
Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and procedures. We
raise your attention that you may not be able to receive notices from us,
including such of changes to the Privacy Policy, if your cookies are disabled.
Contact
For further
information on our Privacy Policy, or for questions or requests on information
that we may have collected from you, please contact us at
contact@ilmfinity.com
.
Ilmfinity LLC
7234 W
North Ave Ste 208
Chicago,
IL 60707
Last updated: 12/20/2024