Privacy Policy​
Policy Creation Date
These Terms of Use (“Terms”) were updated on 2021-05-20.
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Yateland Limited through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
We Collect Limited Information with Our Applications.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except we collect:
(i) non-personal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications, which is used solely to enhance and improve our applications; and
(ii) email addresses of parents who wish to receive our newsletter, with those email addresses used solely to send the newsletter.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
To Receive Our Newsletter, We Need Your Email Address
We provide a free, optional newsletter that parents can elect to receive by submitting a request on our website at www.yateland.net.com or by providing an email address through parent-specific portions of our Apps. Our collection of email addresses to send newsletters is made under Section 312(c)(3) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013, which require that we notify you that:
(i) we are collecting the email address for the sole purpose of sending the newsletters;
(ii) we use the email address solely for that purpose and the email address is not combined with any other information; and
(iii) you may opt-out of receiving the newsletter at any time by unsubscribing.
Our newsletter is provided through our third-party service providers, so we share your email address with them for the sole purpose of fulfilling newsletter subscriptions.
When You Request Support, You May Send Us Email
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about the use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use your email address only for the purpose of sending the newsletter to you. We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don’t rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:
(i) We share your email address with our newsletter provider to deliver our newsletter to you.
(ii) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(iii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
A Note about Push Notifications
For our iOS applications, we may send push notifications if the user opts-in to receive them. Apple’s push notification process automatically provides us with a token that is identified to a specific device, enabling notifications to be sent to that device through Apple’s push notification service. The token is used only to send push notifications. The token is not disclosed and is not used for any other purpose or combined with any other information. We send push notifications to communicate information about how to interact with our applications. Notifications can be turned off through the “Notifications” tab within iOS “Settings.”
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites or services from our website (we don’t allow links within our mobile applications). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. The use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
https://yateland.com/contact/