Games
Apps
Movies
Books
Kids
My Data Manager: Data Usage
ST Advanced
4.5
star
306K reviews
info
10M+
Downloads
PEGI 3
info
Install
Share
Add to wishlist
chevron_right
MY DATA MANAGER: Take control of your mobile data plan!
My Data Manager is a complete mobile data tracker, monitoring your usage in real-time, so you know exactly which of your interfaces is active (mobile, Wi-Fi, roaming) and how much data you are using.
My Data Manager, by Sensor Tower, provides an ongoing record of your data usage, so you can know your limits, feel confident about your mobile data expenses and use your device whenever and
however you want.
Visualize, monitor and control your data usage for FREE with My Data Manager. It’s a simple and powerful data usage tracking app that helps users take control of their mobile
data and save money on their monthly phone bills. My Data Manager offers alerts for users to track how much data they use, spot which apps are consuming the most and receive
alerts before they run out, avoiding unnecessary overage fees.
Control your mobile data plans, understand your data usage, prevent rising mobile costs and avoid overage and roaming fees. My Data Manager allows you to do all this as well as
set custom usage alarms that avoid overage charges while you browse or the possibility of running out of data.
Instantly see which apps are using the most of your data and understand your usage today, download My Data Manager app now and see what a difference it makes.
With My Data Manager you can:
• Monitor your data usage on mobile, Wi-Fi and roaming
• Data Tracker: Find out fast which apps are eating up your mobile data
• Get alerts before you reach your data limit to avoid overage fees
• Manage mobile data plans for your entire family and save money on your phone bills
Trusted by over 14.8 million users worldwide, My Data Manager is an effective data tracker that also helps you monitor your data usage for mobile and roaming.
My Data Manager works well on networks around the world, including AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, China Mobile, Vodafone, Airtel, Vivo, TIM, Claro, Orange, SFR, SK Telecom, NTT Docomo, EE, O2, and many more.
Download My Data Manager for FREE now, take control of your mobile data usage and maximize how you use your phone.
“A data-packed app that’ll keep you fully informed of all your data-gobbling habits. It’s especially useful for people on limited data plans who want to avoid overage charges but is
still handy for people with unlimited plans who want to avoid throttling.” - Wired
“My Data Manager is an incredibly convenient tool.” – CNET
“Monitoring your data use has become an essential task ... which is why apps like My Data Manager are becoming so important.” – ZDNet
An app from data.ai
Trusted by more than 1 million users, data.ai is the leading global provider of mobile performance estimates. In short, we help app developers build better apps. With your consent, we collect information about your app and web activity to create market research on mobile behavior. For instance:
• Which apps & websites are used in your country?
• How many people use a specific app or website?
• How much time is spent on social networking?
• How many times per day is a specific app being used?
We do this with the help of this app.
My Data Manager is built by Sensor Tower.
Updated on
Feb 19, 2025
Tools
Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time.
No data shared with third parties
Learn more
about how developers declare sharing
This app may collect these data types
App activity, App info and performance, and Device or other IDs
Data is encrypted in transit
You can request that data be deleted
See details
phone_android
Phone
laptop
Chromebook
tablet_android
Tablet
4.6
297K reviews
5
4
3
2
1
I just downloaded it earlier and first view it looks very good, easy to use and understand the data it's showing you. As others have said, there's no way to add a WiFi plan or limits on WiFi usage. My recommendation for 5* - Add the option for it to turn mobile data off. - Give alarms this option when you reach your daily cap or alarms you set. That would make setting alarms way more useful.
22 people found this review helpful
I'm usually well below my 1 GB limit, but occasionally get an email that I'm up to 80% & have no idea how/when that happened. Installed this app & voila, I can see how much data I've used & by which apps. Best of all, it alerts when it hits a chosen level in what seems to be fairly real time. It does the math for me to figure how much data/day will keep me under, depending on how many days/data is left for the cycle. I like that it maintains a history so I can go back & review. Happy camper!
58 people found this review helpful
Great App that Is much more consistent in the tracking, would recommend to allow separate persistent notifications, having data usage be mandatory while wifi & roaming are add-ons is odd if I just want to see roaming consumption & my data plan is unlimited. Another recommendation is to have better control on the accuracy of the data, there are times where I hope that I can manually input my data so that it can track lost data usage or edit the location of when roaming starts.
6 people found this review helpful
See all reviews
flag
Flag as inappropriate
email
Support email
mydatamanager@sensortower.com
shield
Privacy Policy
About the developer
Sensortower, Inc.
android@sensortower.com
2261 Market St Pmb 4331
San Francisco, CA 94114-1612
United States
+1 720-453-4323
Phone Guardian VPN: Safe WiFi
ST Advanced
4.8
star
Melody Run - Cute Popcat Music
ST Advanced
4.1
star
Luna VPN
ST Advanced
4.9
star
Opensignal - 5G, 4G Speed Test
Opensignal.com
4.2
star
GlassWire Data Usage Monitor
Domotz Inc
4.5
star
WiFiman
Ubiquiti Inc.
4.8
star
ReverseTethering NoRoot PRO
Florian Draschbacher
€5.99
WiFi Analyzer (open-source)
VREM Software Development
4.4
star
NetGuard - no-root firewall
Marcel Bokhorst, FairCode BV
4.3
star
flag
Flag as inappropriate