Welcome to the NaMo App community!
Collaboration, community-building and connecting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi are the main pillars of the Narendra Modi App i.e. NaMo App. (‘App’). The NaMo App is a ‘one of its kind’ app which is powered by supporters & fans of PM Modi, volunteers & grass-root workers themselves. You are joining millions of users of this community who aspire for a New India.
Here you can interact directly with PM Modi, contribute to nation building through various ways and connect with different communities such as ‘Exam Warriors’. The NaMo App keeps you updated about the initiatives and achievements of the government led by PM Modi. You can also connect with fellow volunteers and organise various events and initiatives. You can take part in different surveys and various movements like ‘Fit India’, ‘Sankalp Se Siddhi’, ‘I Am New India’, ‘Swachh Bharat’ etc.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. By downloading this app you understand and accept the contents of this privacy policy and its subsequent versions. We appreciate & acknowledge the informed consent granted by you while downloading the App, using its features and/or submitting your information within the App.
Collection
To provide a tailor made and personalised experience, the information you share maybe processed and analysed by third party services who are engaged by us with due confidentiality obligations and solely for the specific purpose of such services. This will help the App give you the best possible experience by showing content in your language and according to your interests. For example, based on the location data collected, you may get a push notification when PM Modi is in your state or there is an important initiative or event happening in your state. Similarly, based on your previous interactions within the App you may receive push notifications based on your interests in the future.
Permissions
The NaMo App requests you for several permissions in order to serve you better. All these permissions are contextual and cause-specific. You are also free to grant or deny many of these permissions. Below is a list of permissions requested along with the purpose they serve:
Identity and Accounts:
Permission to use your identity and use relevant information from your device to help you use your Google Account to login to the App. You may choose to not grant this permission and enter your identity details independently or choose to browse the App in Guest mode.
Contacts:
Permission to access your contacts is requested to help you connect with your friends to form a community on the New India Connect module.
Camera and File Storage:
Permission to access your camera and/or photos/media/files is requested to help you use features like ‘Selfie With Modi’, ‘Swachh Bharat’ and other such initiatives where posting a photo may be required to participate. These permissions are also required to enable you to post photos anywhere on the App.
Read SMS:
Permission to access your SMS is used by the Payment Gateway to read OTP sent over SMS to authenticate the transaction. This permission applies to Merchandising and Donations section of the App. User can choose not to grant this permission.
Microphone:
Permission to access your microphone is requested only to enable you to converse in live video facilities such as the feature on the New India Connect.
Phone:
Permission to access your phone is requested only to enable you to place phone calls to access feedback mechanism, government programmes and services.
Wi-Fi/Network Connection/Network Access:
Permission to access Wi-Fi, Network Connection and Network Access is taken only to allow the App to connect to the internet to provide its functionality.
Draw over other apps:
Permission to draw over other apps is taken only to allow for a modern and contextual user interface that can be showcased outside the App.
Similarly functionality related to Sticky Broadcast, Flashlight, Vibration, Prevent device from sleeping, service configurations and others are used only for purposes of providing reliable and efficient functionality .
The permissions asked for are used only for a specific feature or user action. For example, permission to use photos is used only when you want to post a photo and the file storage permission is used only to store the photo on the device.
Use
The following information collected by the App is used only for the purposes mentioned below:
User Photo
is used to display personalised messaging in comments to articles and New India Connect
Gender
is used to address you correctly in notifications and other communications
Name
is used to personalise notifications and communications
Email ID
is used to send important communications
Location
details are used to send notifications in your language and to serve you content relevant to your geography
Profession
and
Interests
are used to show you contextual content which is according to your profession and interests
IP Address
is used as a security feature to log malicious activity, if any
Phone Number
is used to send special communications from the Prime Minister or the NaMo App team
Device information
is used to create accounts, perform contextual actions, personalised services and provide personalised services.
Unique Application numbers, cookies
and
similar technologies
are used to identify your device uniquely for contextual services and push notifications.
Transparency and Choice
You are free to grant or deny the permissions listed above and utilise the (when asked for) App with a subset of the features you choose to avail at any given time.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Termination of the use of personal information collected from the user:
The user may request the deletion of their data by sending an email to
support@narendramodi.in
and should get a response within 48 hours.
Merchandise
All merchandise on the platform is powered by merchandise partner, Flykart. To know more about the Terms and Conditions associated with this section, please read
here
. In case of any issues with the same, please write to
support@flykart.in
.
Donations
BJP is a cadre based party and your contributions will go a long way in enhancing the determination of lakhs of Karyakartas in building a New India.
Terms and Conditions
of the Payment Gateway Partner apply on donations.
User Safety and Security
We value all personal information provided by you and we shall ensure the safety and security of information you provide in the App. Your data shall not be sold or rented to anyone and will only be utilised for the functionality of the App and related features, services, etc
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data usage, please write to us on the Help & Feedback section of the App.