Ironbear Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.《Privacy Policy》
Privacy Policy
Effective Date : November 28, 2024
The term "Ironbear",
"we", "our", or "the Company" used herein refers
to Ironbear Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.; The Ironbear Services refer to any
game, application, content, or activity (hereinafter collectively referred to
as the "Services") that is developed by the Company; The
"Privacy Policy" is referred to herein as this "Policy".
We are committed to providing a good user
experience. To enable us to provide better services and contents, we may
collect, store, use, and share your personal information in the process of
providing services to you. This Policy guides how we process the personal
information you provide us.
You understand and consent to us
collecting, storing, using, and sharing your personal information in the
process of providing services to you. If you do not consent to the use of your
personal information, you will not be able to experience or use the Services.
If you have any question regarding this
Policy, please contact us by using the "Settings -> Help -> Contact
Us" feature of our Services.
1. What information is collected
(1) Social media (e.g. Facebook):
When you use Ironbear services through a social media, we may
collect from social media and store the following personal information:
(i)
Your first, last name and
social network profile picture.
(ii)
Your social network user
identification number (e.g. Facebook ID number) and email address.
(iii)
Your social network friends who
also use our Services.
(2) In addition to accessing the Services through social media as
described above, we may also provide you with the option to register for access
to the Services on your own. Depending on the type of service, you may be
required to provide certain contact information and personally identifiable
information as follows (including but not limited to):
(i)
Full first and last name, gender, and
birthday
(ii)
Email, telephone number, address, and postal
code
(iii)
Credit card and other payment details
Please note that we cannot be responsible
for the privacy policies of other sites. You will be responsible for reading
carefully the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy of a site or platform
when you access our services through social media or any other platform.
(3) In addition, we will also collect general user information
(including but not limited to):
(i)
IP address
(ii)
Type of your mobile device or computer
(iii)
Operating system version
(iv)
Browser type, browser language, geographic
information
(v)
Clicks on certain features, time of activity
on our Services.
(vi)
Platform type
The above information will be used to generate user statistics,
which will be used to improve and modify gameplay and may be provided to
advertisers and/or affiliated vendors.
2. Cookies and data collection
We may use very small files, which are
known as "cookies", to collect data. Cookies are stored on your
computer to remember certain information, such as: Login account ID, password,
your gaming preferences, and interests. Other files with identical attributes
(or similar functions) include: clear gifs, beacons, and pixel tags, which help
us modify and refine content presented to our users.
Third party service providers (e.g. Google
Analytics) and advertisers that partner with us may also use cookies to
understand clickstream data, and help improve our site, review advertising
results, and define recipients of targeted ads.
You understand and consent to us using
cookies to store user information for marketing and security purposes. If you
reject cookies, you may not be able to use all or some of the Services.
3. How your personal information is used
All personal information provided to us by
users will be strictly controlled and safeguarded against theft, damage, loss,
and inappropriate distribution. Personal information collected and stored by us
will be used for the following purposes:
(1) Social media (e.g. Facebook):
(i)
Name and profile picture
Display player information in the Service.
(ii)
User identification number (e.g. Facebook ID
number)
Create an account and enable access to a
game
(iii)
Email address
Send update and upgrade notification, provide
customer services, customer inquiries and technical support.
(iv)
Friends who also use our
Services
Interact with
friends in the Service. ( e.g. friends leaderboard )
(2) Other personal information
(i)
Create an account and enable access to a
game
(ii)
Interact and communicate with other players
(iii)
Improve gameplay and optimize business
activities
(iv)
Manage and modify advertising content and
recipients, and review results
(v)
Send update and upgrade notification,
discounts and offers, or any other products that may interest users
(vi)
Provide customer services, customer inquiries
and technical support
(vii)
Maintain players' rights and data security
regarding gameplay
(viii)
Sponsor or organize competitions, prize
draws, or other promotional events with affiliated vendors
(ix)
Enhance or consolidate data obtained from any
third party
In addition, we may provide your information to any third party
service provider or affiliated vendor to enable it to provide services on our
behalf. Examples include: data analysis, customer services, payment processing,
and related business activities such as: ad recipient settings and ad
relevance. We will enter into agreements with the above third parties to
require that the said third parties ensure the integrity, confidentiality, and
security of any personal data shared by us. The said data must not be used for
any purpose other than enabling us to provide services.
To the extent permitted by law, we retain
the right to disclose your personal information under any of the following
circumstances:
(1)
Required by a court
order, subpoena, search warrant, or any other legal proceedings
(2)
When we believe that the
Services are being used for criminal purposes and must be reported to prevent
fraud or potential criminal activities
(3)
When we have reason to
conclude the necessity of disclosing user information in order to contact you
(4)
When damage or disruption
to the rights of Ironbear and any other third party has occurred
(5)
Violation of the terms of
service for Ironbear or any other product
4. Right to request deletion of personal
information:
You have the right to request the deletion
of your personal information.
You can make a request through the
"Delete Account" in our service, or by contacting us at service@ironbear.co
(1) Request
to delete personal information through the "Delete Account" in our
service.
Please log in to our service and go to "Settings" (gear
icon) -> "Help" -> "Delete account" in the service
lobby.
When you press "Delete Account", the deletion countdown
time will be displayed.
After the countdown time is over, press "Delete" and the
system will delete your personal information according to your request.
(2) Contact
us at service@ironbear.co to request deletion of personal information.
You can request to delete your personal information through the
above email.
When we receive the request, we will ask you to provide relevant
information to verify your identity.
After completing the identity verification, your personal
information will be deleted according to your request.
(If you cannot provide sufficient information to verify your
identity, we may deny your deletion request.)
5. Third party advertisers
Our website or games may contain third
party advertising services. Clicking on any of the ads may take you away from
our services and to an advertiser's website, services, or app installation
links. They may also collect certain information, such as:
(1)
Clicks, installation
(2)
Personal but
non-personally identifiable information, such as: a player residing in Tokyo,
aged between 20 and 30
(3)
IP address
(4)
Social media ID
(5)
Background data in
services, such as: level, etc.
These data may be used to review
advertising results or conduct network analyses (stream volume, player
activities) in order to improve the technology and player experience.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy
policies of these third party advertisers beyond what is actually described
above. Please read carefully the terms of service and privacy policy.
6. Children's privacy
We believe children should be able to have
all that is good in the world. Parents have the obligation and responsibility
to guide and protect children as they set out to explore the world while still
in a state of immaturity. They should be taught not to publicly disclose their
real names, addresses, telephones, or any other personal information on the
internet.
The Services are not suitable and do not
allow access, registration, or use by children under 13. We do not
intentionally collect personal information from children under 13. If we
discover that we have collected personal information of any user under 13, we
will delete the said information as soon as possible.
If you are between 13 and 17 or under the
legal age in your country, please do not start using the Services until your
legal guardian has read the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy.
7. Transfer of information
If the ownership or operation of Ironbear
is acquired by or sold to any third party, or licensed or commissioned to be
operated by any third party, we may transfer your personal information to the
third party. We will give users notice at the email addresses provided before
personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy
policy.
8. Other
We will send you push messages regarding
the Services, discounts and offers as needed. You may provide a third party's
email, contact list, or friends on IM software (e.g. LINE, Whatsapp) to enable
us to invite the third party to sign up for the Services.
If necessary, we will use the information
to remind him/her that he/she has been invited to sign up for the Services or
receive content from the Services.
You or any of the invitees may choose not
to receive such content by turning off notification under the Settings option
on your device.
9. Security and storage of personal
information
Your personal information will be stored on
servers in Taiwan, Japan or in the United States. We will decide which server
to store your data in the appropriate geographic region based on the language
setting on your device.
Your account information is stored on
secure servers that are protected by firewall. When you enter information
subject to a higher security level, such as credit card details, we will apply
the industry-standard security protocol, secure socket layer (SSL) encryption,
to protect your data. Our affiliated vendors will also take corresponding
measures to ensure that your personal information is under sufficient
protection for the duration in which we provide services to you.
10. Customer services
If you encounter any problems with the
game, please visit the Q&A section. If the problems remain unsolved, please
make an inquiry by using the "Settings->Help->Contact Us"
feature of our Services, and we will respond to your question as soon as possible
after receiving the inquiry.
11. Privacy policy changes
(1)
We reserve the right to
add, delete, or amend any portion of this Policy at any time.
(2)
If a change is made, we
will announce the revised Policy on the website or in the Services.
(3)
All changes shall be
effective immediately unless otherwise noted.
(4)
By continuing to use the
Services after an announcement of change, you agree to the revised terms and
conditions.
(5)
If you do not agree to
any of the terms and conditions of the revised Policy, please do not continue
to use the Services.
(6)
You may not add, delete,
or change any portion of the Policy, unless you have entered into a separate
written agreement with the Company.
(7)
You have the obligation
to check Policy in order to determine if it has changed as well as the
obligation to inspect all of the revised terms and conditions.
較新的文章
較舊的文章
首頁
著作人
Ironbear
Ironbear_official_Pama
網誌存檔
▼
2015
(8)
►
9月
(6)
▼
7月
(2)
Ironbear Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd.《Privacy P...
Ironbear Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd. 《 Terms o...
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it