Privacy and Cookies
The OldMapsOnline.org services (“Services”) are provided by Klokan Technologies GmbH (“Klokan”), located at Höfnerstrasse 96, 6314 Unterägeri, Switzerland. Our business is built around selling our map products, not map visitors’ private data. Therefore we collect only the necessary minimum information we need for running our services.
Only minimum information tracked
By using this site you consent to our use of cookies.
Our maps contain no spy code, we don’t track the end-users to sell them targeted advertisements or, even worse, to sell such data to third parties. IP addresses of the visitors are stored only for a time needed for security checks. This is necessary for logging malicious activities on our infrastructure.
Cookies
On our webs, we set cookies. We do so only to save your preferences and login information. We try to respect if your browser has the Do not track signal turned on.
Google Analytics
As an external service, we use Google Analytics on our websites, services, and products to see how the traffic flows and which pages are being visited and understand how our products are used. Tracking during your website visits can be disabled / switched off using the relevant browser extensions at any time.
Login information
Depending on what you use for accessing our services, we save emails or Facebook, Twitter or Github identifiers if you use them as a login. The passwords are saved in Google Firebase, an external application, which has secured both frontend and backend and uses HTTPS encryption for transferring passwords through the Internet. OldMapsOnline team doesn’t have access to passwords.
Payments
When you are paying for software or service, the money is transferred using third-party service. This is also the place where you enter your credit card details, we do not have access to them. Our payment provider, FastSpring, adheres to all payment card industry standards like PCI-DDS or GDPR.
Security
Our software and services are designed with privacy and security by design. We use encryption everywhere when it is possible and makes sense. We also do regular internal security audits. All team members have available security and privacy training. The data centers we use have strict security policies allowing physical access to servers only to authorized persons and our infrastructure providers are certified to ISO/IEC 27001 standard.
Summary
In general, we don’t spy on you or your clients. We do our livings by selling map products, not by selling your personal data. In case you want to delete all data related to your account and interaction with our service, please contact us at info@oldmapsonline.org.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at info@oldmapsonlnine.org or at the address: Klokan Technologies GmbH Hofnerstrasse 98 Unterageri, Zug 6314