Soraate Privacy Policy:
Last updated: May 09, 2024
Soraate’s goal is to help users live more active and healthier lives using advanced mobile internet technology. To that end our applications and services collect, store and analyze a variety of data collected from you and your devices, including personal health related data on your mobile device.
Your privacy is critically important to us. Your data is your own. We make no claims to it and will only use it according to the policies outlined below.
This statement is intended to clearly explain in human readable language what data we collect and how it is used. If after reading this statement you have further questions.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our apps and services may collect the following types of information in order to provide services:
Your email address or phone number information as required to safeguard your data and verify your identity;
Biographical information, e.g. photograph, biography, gender, age, geographic location, general notes;
Physical activity related data, e.g., exercise logs (including location coordinates for GPS-enabled sessions) and passively tracked activity data such as steps taken, calories burned, active time and distance traveled
Other health related data, e.g., body weight log and BMI
Data entered via free text fields, such as comments and annotations
Health goals and targets specified within the services
Other data is collected while using Our Application, with your prior permission, in order to provide features of our application, e.g. pictures you may provide from your device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through your device settings.
Usage Data:
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
USE OF YOUR DATA
We use the information we collect to:
Operate and improve our services
Provide user and other support
Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent
We do not disclose your health related data, physical activity data or health related goal data to any 3rd parties without your express permission.
How to exercise your privacy rights :
At any time, you can exercise your rights to your information by contacting our data protection officer at info@soraate.com
Deleting Your Data
You have the right to delete your data. You may do so via the contacting our data protection officer at info@soraate.com. Deletion requests will be completed within 60 days of receiving confirmation, your information will be entirely deleted from that data.
Contact Us
For questions about privacy or handling of your personal information, please contact us at info@soraate.com.
You may contact us through whatsapp: +966 506 921 129