N-Dream AG Terms of Service (2024-08-07)
1. Terms
This website (
www.airconsole.com
) is owned and operated by N-Dream AG, Werdstrasse 36,
      8004 Zurich, UID: CHE-455.471.026. By accessing this website at
www.airconsole.com
or
      using an AirConsole Smartphone App ("App"), you agree to be bound by the following terms of
      service, applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance
      with applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited
      from using or accessing this website and/or the respective App. Please note that the materials
      contained on this website and/or App may be protected by applicable intellectual property laws
      (e.g. copyrights and trademarks) and belong to N-Dream AG
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or
        software) on N-Dream AG's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only.
        Permission is also granted to access the content through the download, storage and use of
        the App. By this means, we grant you a license, not a transfer of title. Please note, that
        under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any own commercial purposes, or for any further public display
            (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on N-Dream AG's
            website or apps, unless permitted by mandatory law;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other
            server.
This license is conditioned upon you complying with the above use restrictions and shall
        automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions. It may be terminated by
        N-Dream AG at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the
        termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession
        whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Pricing
We offer various pricing-models for the consumption of our content. Depending on the offering
      you choose, we either offer you monthly payment models or one-year in advance payment models.
      You can select or agree to these payment models and the prices indicated in each case when you
      subscribe to our services online via the website or via the App.
The prices valid are those displayed on
www.airconsole.com
and AirConsole App at the
      time of the order.
4. Term & Termination
We offer various terms for the consumption of our content. Depending on the offering you
      choose, we either offer you an unlimited term subject to termination, a monthly term subject
      to automatic renewal, or a yearly term subject to automatic renewal unless you terminate the
      agreement before the end of the yearly term, but in any event at least 2 months before the
      expiry of the yearly term. You are free to terminate your agreement at any time, but we will
      not refund amounts wired for your contractual period chosen and agreed.
N-Dream AG may terminate this agreement at any time with immediate effect for cause, i.e., if
      you breach the terms of this agreement and have not remedied such breach no later than 10 days
      after you have been notified of such breach and requested to remedy the breach.
5. Limitation of Warranty
The materials on N-Dream AG's website and apps are provided on an 'as is' basis. N-Dream
        AG makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other
        warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of
        merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual
        property or other violation of rights.
Further, N-Dream AG does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy,
        likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website, the apps or
        otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
You are responsible to secure your Apple Appstore or Google Play-account with an
        appropriate password that you can install when logging in for the first time. You must keep
        your password confidential and may not share it with any unauthorized users. N-Dream AG
        assumes no responsibility in case of unauthorized use of our website or App caused by your
        negligence to protect your own password.
6. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall N-Dream AG or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without
      limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out
      of the use or inability to use the materials on N-Dream AG's website or apps, even if N-Dream
      AG or a representative authorized by it has been notified orally or in writing of the
      possibility of such damages. Please note that N-Dream AG is not a telecommunications service
      provider. In order to benefit from N-Dream AG's content and services you must maintain a
      state-of-the art and solid internet connection under a subscription with an official
      telecommunications service provider and an up-to-date browser software. N-Dream AG assumes no
      responsibility for network connectivity issues related to your internet connection.
7. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on N-Dream AG's website and apps could include technical,
      typographical, or photographic errors. N-Dream AG does not warrant that any of the materials
      on its website and apps are always accurate, complete or current. N-Dream AG may make changes
      to the materials contained on its website and apps at any time without notice. However N-Dream
      AG does not make any commitment to update the materials.
8. Links
N-Dream AG does not assume any responsibility for websites linked to its website and is not
      responsible for the content of any such linked website. The inclusion of any link does not
      imply endorsement by N-Dream AG of the website. The further use of any such linked website is
      at the user's own risk.
9. Modifications
N-Dream AG may change the terms of service, including the price and/or pricing model, for its
      website and/or App from time to time. In the event of such changes you will be notified of
      such changes at least 30 days in advance. If you do not agree with the new terms, you are free
      to terminate your subscription at the beginning of the new terms of service. If you continue
      to use our website and/or App after expiry of the announced 30 days, this will be deemed an
      acceptance of the new terms of service by you and you agree to be bound by the then current
      version of these terms of service.
10. Data protection
Information on the manner in which, the extent to which, the purpose for which, and the
      location from which the personal data N-Dream AG needs in order to fulfill purchase orders is
      collected, processed, and used; on the customer’s right to information; and on the customer’s
      right to correct, block, or delete such personal data can be found in the
Privacy Policy
.
11. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive
      laws of Switzerland without reference to any conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising
      out of or in connection with these terms of service are hereby submitted to the exclusive
      jurisdiction of the courts of the city of Zurich 1, Switzerland.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is N-Dream AG's policy and a legal requirement to respect
      your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and apps.
      Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we
      collect, store, process, communicate and/or disclose or otherwise make use of personal
      information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
1. Who we are
The controller of your personal data is N-Dream AG, Werdstrasse 36, 8004 Zurich, UID:
      CHE-455.471.026 [ hello@airconsole.com]. References in this privacy notice (the Notice) to
      "N-Dream", "we" or "us" are references to N-Dream AG. We have appointed the following data protection officer:
      Andreas Schäfer, Domenig & Partner Rechtsanwälte AG, Laupenstrasse 1, Bern, Switzerland,
      data-protection@n-dream.com. We have also appointed the following EU representative: Philipp Undritz,
      Virchowstrasse 16, 80805 Munich, Germany, n-dream@dsgvo-vertreter.ch.
2. Personal Data we process
Personal data we process about you includes:
your name and contact details (for example name, or email address);
identification and background information provided by you or collected as part of our
        on-boarding process;
information provided to us by or on behalf of our customers or generated by us in the
        course of providing services to customers;
information in relation to materials and communications we send to you electronically, for
        example your use of marketing e-mails;
profile picture;
any other information relating to you which you may provide to us.
3. How we use your personal data
We use your personal data:
to communicate with you;
nickname so that the user can personalize their avatar and see their name in the games to
        recognize the character they impersonify
personal location information to cater the experience of the platform in several language
        but also offer the prices set to the country/region
user name and email address to communicate with the user to notify them with platform
        news, newsletter, updates and new release of games
profile-stats to give the user platform relevant statistics
achievements, games played and game statistics to allow user to favorize games and collect
        highscores and progression
usage data on how the product is used, what game played, what devices are being played
        with, geolocation, acquisition. The purpose is to improve the experience provided to our
        users by analyzing trends and interactions.
to provide and improve our services to you and our customers, including personal data of
        others provided to us or collected by us on behalf of our clients, for example processing
        identification and background information as part of our on-boarding, finance,
        administration and marketing processes;
to administer our relationship with you and with our customers;
to provide and improve our websites, including monitoring and evaluating their use (see
        "Use of our websites and e-mails" below for additional information);
to promote our services, including by sending alerts, updates, event invitations etc.;
to comply with our legal, regulatory and risk management obligations, including
        establishing, exercising or defending legal claims.
All data is anonymized via google analytics. Usage of data is not tied to personal data.
4. Use of our websites and e-mails
Our website uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. that tracks and reports
      on the manner in which our websites are used. Google Analytics does this by placing small text
      files called "cookies" on your computer or other device. Cookies collect information about the
      number of visitors to the websites, the pages visited and the time spent on the websites. This
      information is aggregated and not personally identifiable. You may refuse the use of cookies
      by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that this may
      affect your experience of our websites. We may use your name and e-mail address(es) to send
      you alerts, updates, event invitations and other information by e-mail or by phone push
      notifications, but will ask for consent first unless we have obtained your contact details
      from you in the context of our services. If you receive marketing communications from us and
      no longer wish to do so, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the link included in
      these e-mails. [Note that we use personal data to understand if you read our e- mails or click
      on links included in them. We do this by tracking links from SendGrid.
To load fonts, we rely on Google Fonts; Google Fonts Web API is unauthenticated and the Google
      Fonts API does not set or log cookies. Requests to the Google Fonts Web API are made to
      resource-specific domains, such as fonts.googleapis.com or fonts.gstatic.com. Font requests
      are separate from and don't contain any credentials sent to google.com. More information:
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq/privacy
We use Sentry to monitor our production environment, ensuring data privacy and security. For
      details, visit their
https://sentry.io/privacy/
.
5. On what basis we use your personal information
We process personal data on the following grounds: to perform a contract with you, such as
      engaging with you to provide our services; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
      claims or proceedings; to comply with legal and regulatory obligations; and for legitimate
      interests. Please see "How we use your personal data" above for additional details.
6. Who we share your personal data with
We may share your personal data with trusted third parties including:
our auditors;
Google analytics;
For the purposes set out in this Policy and where necessary, we may share personal data with
      courts, regulatory authorities, government agencies and law enforcement agencies. While it is
      unlikely, we may be required to disclose your information to comply with legal or regulatory
      requirements. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you before we do this, unless we are
      legally restricted from doing so. We do not share or sell personal data with third-party. Only
      anonymized usage data.
7. Countries we may transfer your personal data to
We generally store your personal data in the Google Cloud following jurisdiction: United
      States. We may transfer your personal data to recipients abroad, including in countries that
      do not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. Before we do so, we will
      implement appropriate measures to protect your personal data, for example by requiring the
      recipient to agree to data processing agreements, usually based on the EU standard clauses. We
      may also transfer personal data with your explicit consent and in certain other situations as
      permitted by applicable law.
8. How we retain your personal data
We retain your anonymised personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes for
      which the data is collected, and as long as we have a legitimate interest in keeping personal
      data, for example to enforce or defend claims or for archiving purposes and IT security. We
      also retain your personal data as long as it is subject to a legal retention obligation.
9. How we protect your personal information
We use various adequate technical and organisational measures to help protect your personal
      data from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, alteration or destruction.
10. Your rights
You are entitled to ask for details of the information we hold about you and how we process it
      and to receive a copy of your personal data. You may also have your data rectified or deleted,
      restrict our processing of that information, and object to the processing of your personal
      data. You may also choose to withdraw your consent. Please note that even after you have
      chosen to withdraw your consent we may be able to continue to process your personal
      information to the extent required or permitted by law. You may also lodge a complaint in
      relation to our processing of your personal data with a local supervisory authority. We must
      ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. Therefore, please advise us
      of any changes to your information by contacting us. All requests with regard to the above are
      to be directed at support@airconsole.zendesk.com . You can also delete all your personal
      information directly by connecting to AirConsole and clicking "Delete Profile" in your profile
      settings. However, if you do so, we might not be able to provide our services to you as we did
      before. We require your personal data in order to provide our services to you.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq/privacy:
Skip to main content
developers.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Home
Support
FAQ
Privacy FAQ
Troubleshooting
Home
Products
Google Fonts
Support
Privacy and Data Collection
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
What does using the Google Fonts Web API mean for the privacy of my users?
When I embed Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API, what data does Google receive from my website visitors?
When I embed Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API, why does Google receive the IP address of my website visitors?
Can I embed Google Fonts in my website without sending end-user data to Google’s servers?
What are the advantages of embedding Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API?
What does using the Google Fonts Web API mean for the privacy of my users?
The Google Fonts API is designed to limit the collection, storage, and use of
end-user data. The use of the
Google Fonts Web API is unauthenticated and the Google Fonts API does not set or
log cookies. Requests to the Google Fonts Web API are made to resource-specific
domains, such as fonts.googleapis.com or fonts.gstatic.com. Font requests are
separate from and don't contain any credentials sent to google.com while using
other Google services that are authenticated, such as Gmail.
When I embed Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API,
what data does Google receive from my website visitors?
When end users visit a website that embeds Google Fonts, their browsers send
HTTP requests to the Google Fonts Web API. The Google Fonts Web API serves the
Google Fonts Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and subsequently the font files
specified in the CSS to the users. Such HTTP requests include (1) the IP address
used by the respective user to access the Internet, (2) the requested URL on the
Google server, and (3) HTTP headers including the user agent describing the
website visitors’ Internet browser and operating system versions as well as the
referer (i.e. the webpage on which the Google font is to be displayed).
For clarity, Google does not use any information collected by Google Fonts to
create profiles of end users or for targeted advertising.
When I embed Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API,
why does Google receive the IP address of my website visitors?
Google receives the website visitor’s IP address, which it processes to respond
to the visitor's request and for security purposes.
The Internet Protocol requires IP addresses to transfer data via the Internet
between a given client (i.e. browser) and a given server. This is why every
client request to any server contains the client’s IP address so that the server
can respond to that IP address. Accordingly, the fact that Google’s servers
necessarily receive IP addresses to transmit fonts is not unique to Google and
is consistent with how the Internet works.
Can I embed Google Fonts in my website without sending end-user data to Google’s servers?
Instead of fetching fonts from Google servers, a developer may self-host web
fonts on their website locally by downloading the fonts and uploading them to
their server. When a font is loaded from the website operator’s servers, Google
does not receive any kind of data related to the visits to the website. However,
there are several drawbacks to self-hosting Google Fonts (see below).
For more information about self-hosting Google Fonts, read
Self-host web fonts quick guide
.
What are the advantages of embedding Google Fonts in my website via the Google Fonts Web API?
There are several advantages for both developers and end-users to hosting web
fonts on Google’s servers. Google Fonts makes it easy to bring personality and
performance to websites and other digital products. It has come a long way from
its original value proposition—to make the web faster by allowing your browser
to cache commonly used fonts across all the websites that used the API. This is
no longer true, but the API still provides additional and important
optimizations so that websites load quickly and the fonts work well.
Using the code generated by Google Fonts, our servers will automatically send
the smallest possible file to every user based on the technologies that their
browser supports. For example, we use WOFF 2.0 compression when available. This
can reduce font size and makes the web faster for all users—particularly in
areas where bandwidth and connectivity are an issue. The icon sets that are
delivered by Google Fonts benefit from the same infrastructure.
Notably, there are also several drawbacks to self-hosting Google Fonts. First,
the download size of the font file will increase because the developer will
download the entire font file, as opposed to pieces of it, which is the case
when the Google Fonts Web API delivers fonts. Second, there is no way to ensure
a self-hosted font will be compatible with all browsers. In contrast, the Google
Fonts Web API automatically delivers fonts tailored to the user’s specific
browser and includes fixes for browser specific issues, the optimal font format,
and size optimizations specific to the user’s browser. Lastly, developers must
manually update self-hosted fonts, as compared to the Google Fonts Web API,
which automatically delivers updates to fonts with no action needed by the
developer.
For more information about the benefits of using the Google Fonts Web API, read
An API for fast beautiful web fonts
.
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2024-07-23 UTC.
Info
Chat
API
Sub-policy 1
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy