Just shipped v10.3.1
Hello Apple Vision Pro
Modern Money Manager &

 Budgeting App
Track all your cash spending, manage your personal budgets and reduce your financial stress. That's what MoneyCoach is all about.
Download Now For Free
Some of the recent media coverage
Available on iOS 18, iPadOS 18, visionOS 2 & macOS Sequoia
Introducing
MoneyCoach 10
Full support for Apple Intelligence, App Intents, icon and widget tinting, and so much more. Oh, plus there's a new beautiful icon!
Learn more about MoneyCoach 10
Family Sync
Share your data with your partner
Family sharing made easy. Private and secure using your iCloud account.
Learn how to set up Family Sharing
Shared Experience.
Share your data with your wife, husband or partner and have one unified experience where you can see your shared accounts, budgets, goals etc.
Personal Overview.
Although everything is shared, each user can personalize their own Overview by selecting which accounts to show or hide.
An immersive experience on your Apple Vision Pro
MoneyCoach for visionOS
Available on Apple Vision Pro.
Immersive Experience
Your complete financial overview in your personal immersive space right in front of your eyes. Private. Secure. No Login.
New Dimension For Your Finances
Keep an eye on your budgets at all times. Track all your goals and motivate yourself. See your money goes, check your Net Worth and so much more.
Import Apple Pay / Wallet Transactions (Beta)
Automatically import transactions from Apple Pay / Wallet via a Shortcut Automation. Then once you make a payment with any of your cards, that transaction will be automatically added to MoneyCoach.

Setting up the Shortcut Automation only takes a minute and you only need to do it once.
Learn More
→
Complete Overview
Track all your accounts in one place
MoneyCoach grants you total control over all your accounts, cash included.
Bank, Cash, Credit Cards.
Manually add and track all your offline bank accounts, savings accounts & credit cards.
Track Your Spendings.
Log all incomes and expenses, and check your Net Worth in real time.
Smart Budgets
Save more money with personalized smart budgets
Set up 'envelope' budgets that work for you. Limit your spending so that can save you up to 2.000 Euros every year.
Personalized budgets.
Budgets made tailored for you. Tell MoneyCoach what you spend on average each month and it will set you up with personalized budgets that will save you a lot of money each month
Budgets for every day.
Food, Drinks, Entertainment, Tech, Video Games, whatever. Create an "envelope" budget tracking one or more specific categories, stick to this budget and save more money.
Budgets for every occasion.
Vacation? Business trip? Holiday? Christmas is coming? Just create a budget, select what categories your would like to track, stick to this budget and save more money each time
Add your cash expenses in seconds
MoneyCoach is all about speed, personalization, and efficiency. You can add transactions in 3 seconds via the normal way. In 2 seconds via Quick Entry or in an instant via the Shortcuts.

Or you can have Siri do all the heavy work with just one-tap.
Smart Goals
Save up & achieve your dreams with smart goals
MoneyCoach makes achieving your dreams easier. Quickly check how much money you need to save each day in order to achieve your goals within your deadline.
Custom Goals.
Set up a custom goal and start your journey towards achieving it. Set up a goal for that new console, phone, laptop, vacation, car, house, whatever and motivate yourself to save money and achieve your dreams.
Digital Money Coaching.
Or you can go through the Personalized Goals flow. Your digital money coach will ask you what your short & long-term goals are plus if you have or not any ongoing debts and will take care of the rest.
MoneyCoach on Apple Watch
A money management app that puts your finances on your wrist. Check your budgets, accounts, net worth and more on the go.
Glanceable Insights
Check how much money you have spent and left to spend today.
Glanceable Budgets
Check how much money you have left to spend on specific budgets
One Tap Shortcuts
Add transactions directly from the watch with only one tap
A delightful experience on your Mac
MoneyCoach for macOS
Available on all Macs running macOS 12 Monterey or later.
Mac first.
MoneyCoach on Mac was designed as a true Mac app. Supporting all of the great Mac features like sidebars, keyboard shortcuts, touch bar shortcuts etc. MoneyCoach is extremely powerful on a Mac.
Apple ecosystem.
This is for the Apple enthusiasts. Now you can use MoneyCoach on your Apple Vision Pro, Apple Watch, iPhone, iPad and Mac seamlessly via Data Sync.
Apple ❤️ MoneyCoach
MoneyCoach has been featured multiple times worldwide on the App Stores for a number of years now. We have also been featured on Apple's website a couple of times. We made an appearance during both WWDC20 and WWDC21 keynotes. We also got a dedicated Developer Story on the App Store.

Crazy, right?
App Store Developer Spotlight
→
Testimonials
The reviews speak for themselves. Take a look at what our users have to say about MoneyCoach.
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Quite possibly my favorite app on my phone. Seriously.
MoneyCoach is near perfect! Clear and simple interface. Not overly complex. A great way to get instant insight into how much you currently have, and where. Saving money almost feels like a game. It didn't take long to get into the habit of logging every transaction, and I can already see the benefit of having all my transactions recorded. I'm less inclined to splurge, and I can see exactly what I can and can't afford. Other apps I have tried work great for specific scenarios, but only MoneyCoach applies to everyday life so efficiently. Most category's are already available, but the ability to add subcategories is where it really shines. My only wish for the future is a more feature rich options for .csv exporting.
-
Discotoast
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
MoneyCoach changed my financial life
Yeah, man. I'm serious. I was a mess with my personal budgets. Your app helped put everything in perspective and has allowed me to control it properly. Now I know how to spend wisely. Without MoneyCoach don't think it would have been possible. You've done a great job and I appreciate you for it. Thank you!
-
Jay
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Really like how simple the app is.
You can easily use the free version. Going pro is for really detailed money tracking with useful features if you need it. But for simple use, free is more than enough.
-
MrYaZbEcK
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Reliable
This app has helped me so much to budget and understand my spending habits. I have so many category options and breakdowns to make it as basic or detailed as I want. Huge help to manage finances!
-
Playful Cheetah
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Brilliant app!
I have used this app for my small business for several years and I cannot work without it now. Super user friendly as it fills all of my needs. I highly recommend you try it!
-
MoneyCoach Fan
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
User friendly interface
Great options for categorizing transactions and most features are available in the free version.
-
Ibby Jitan
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Perjan is The Man
This app continues to be the best budgeting app out there. While other apps will automate your attention away, there is something intuitive about the way this app allows you to enter transactions and track the money in all of your accounts.
-
CapitalismFTW
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Awesome
I've been looking for an app where you don't have to link your accounts and cards, but rather do it manually. This works perfectly for me. You can create multiple budgets, and view your spending habits in many different ways (by retailer, category, etc.) It's really helped me manage my finances and paint a picture of where my money is actually going.
-
Mackinzee
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Great app. Still getting better.
I love the app. In recent months updates have added exclusions, credit cards as an account type and really made it possible for me to adapt the app to my own accounting habits. Would absolutely recommend.
-
HarlemS
Packed with features
MoneyCoach has a ton of helpful and powerful features.
Family Sync
Share your data with your wife, husband. partner or any other user using different Apple IDs.
Smart Budgets & Goals
Create smart budgets to stay on budget and smart goals to motivate yourself to save more money!
Deep iOS integration
Enter transactions via Siri. Check your finances on your Lock/Home Screen via Widgets and Live Activies and so much more.
Multi-currency Support
MoneyCoach is perfect for those who have accounts in multiple currencies. See much is your Net Worth, converted in real time.
View all features
Frequently asked questions
What is MoneyCoach?
Can I share my data with my partner?
Can I share my subscription with my family members?
View all FAQs
→
Subscribe to MoneyCoach Diaries
Ever wondered what it takes to run an independent app business? Then subscribe to our newsletter. I will share with you everything that is happening inside MoneyCoach.
Enter your email
Subscribe
Weekly articles
Every week I write an article about the app business, the indie life, and more.
No spam
I promise to never spam you. I will only send you emails that are relevant to you.