Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 24, 2018
Secret Admirers ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Secret Admirers mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy is managed by
Privacy Policy Generator
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service is the Secret Admirers mobile application operated by Secret Admirers
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Secret Admirers uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you agreement_for to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside  and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to  and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Secret Admirers will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
Secret Admirers may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Secret Admirers
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: wvmp.app@gmail.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.termsfeed.com/privacy-policy-generator/:
Homepage
Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Generate a Privacy Policy with the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to comply with GDPR, CCPA+CPRA and many other privacy laws worldwide.
Generate Privacy Policy in minutes. 100% free.
Where will your Privacy Policy be used?
Click all that apply
Website
Privacy Policy for Website
App
Privacy Policy for App
Generate Privacy Policy
Highlights
Excellent service
rated 4.7+
Incredible fast
customer support
Easy and enjoyable
user experience
Free hosting page
for your Privacy Policy
Download your Privacy Policy
as document
Edit your Privacy Policy
with Live Editor
Update your Privacy Policy
anytime
Get notified
when it's time to update
Features of the Privacy Policy Generator.
The TermsFeed Privacy Policy Generator simplifies creating a Privacy Policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, or any business that requires a Privacy Policy to comply with privacy laws like GDPR, CCPA+CPRA, and more.
Generate custom Privacy Policies
Create a fully customized Privacy Policy tailored to your business in just minutes.
Download in multiple formats
Easily download your Privacy Policy in multiple formats — HTML, DOCX, Plain Text, or Markdown.
Update anytime
Missed an option or changed your business practices? No problem. Return to the TermsFeed and update it anytime.
Edit with Live Editor
Need to add custom text? Use our Live Editor to apply personalized edits with ease.
Free hosting
Every Privacy Policy generated is hosted for free with a permanent link — perfect for your website footer or app store listing.
Stay up to date
Get notified by TermsFeed when it's time to update your Privacy Policy.
A Privacy Policy is mandatory by law.
A Privacy Policy is legally required if you collect personal data from users, regardless of the platform—website, mobile app, desktop app, etc. Most privacy laws around the world mandate having a Privacy Policy.
United States
Several state-level laws, such as CCPA+CPRA, require a Privacy Policy.
Europe
The GDPR mandates a Privacy Policy for businesses in or operating within the EU.
Canada
Privacy laws like PIPEDA require businesses to have a Privacy Policy.
United Kingdom
The UK's privacy regulations also require a Privacy Policy.
Australia
Australia's privacy laws mandate having a Privacy Policy for businesses.
CCPA+CPRA
The California Consumer Privacy Act, amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, requires a Privacy Policy
CalOPPA
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) mandates a Privacy Policy for websites and online services.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires businesses in the EU or those operating in the EU to have a Privacy Policy.
PIPEDA
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) requires a Privacy Policy for businesses handling personal data.
Many more
Support for more privacy laws around the world.
Helping businesses since 2012.
Tens of thousands rely on the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to simplify compliance and protect their businesses.
Great Service! 10 out of 10 experience with them. Very fast and easy to use system. Very quick turnaround times with customer support and super easy system to use
Januss E.
CEO
May 31, 2024
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Excellent customer support! Fully functional system at low cost. Easy to understand.
Dave J.
Operations Director
Apr 16, 2024
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Simple and Impressive. I especially loved that there were questions to help me make the best choice. But what I really loved was how very easily I was able to get policies and terms and conditions tailored to my needs. This can be an intimidating process since I wanted to ensure compliance, but their software made it easy and definitely left me feeling very confident.
Saria K.
Owner
Nov 25, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Great, easy to use.
Kathleen N.
Owner
May 06, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Great Product! Over all I was happy using TermsFeed. It was very easy to use. Very easy to understand.
Verified Reviewer
Travel Agent
Mar 19, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
A quick and easy solution to get my website up and running! So easy to use! It was super quick and affordable and I didn't need to pay for a lawyer
Verified Reviewer
Media Manager
Feb 20, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Excellent! Complying with German data protection laws. The outstanding customer service and ease of creating all the docs you need.I had just about completed a website (I design for friends, so it's not my main job) here in Germany and I needed to be sure I was complying with all data protection laws. They are very strict here, and the fines are huge. I was going round in circle but then found TermsFeed, which sorted everything out for me.
Sally U.
Business Officer
Feb 19, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
My overall experience was amazing and I'm very happy to continually work with TermsFeed. Pros: How well it was compliant with todays laws and how cheap it was. I would've had to spend thousands on an attorney or lawyer to do the same thing TermsFeed did for much cheaper.
Andrew S.
Owner
Feb 17, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Pros: The selection of what best works for the industry/business as well as the customizable option.
Ferdinand P.
Business Officer
Feb 16, 2023
Capterra reviews constitute the subjective opinions of individual end users based on their own experiences and do not represent the views of Capterra or its affiliates.
https://www.capterra.com/p/10002594/TermsFeed/
Watch the Privacy Policy Generator in action.
See how the TermsFeed Generator can create a custom Privacy Policy for your business in just minutes.
Frequently asked questions.
Have questions about our Privacy Policy Generator before you sign up? Find the most popular questions answered below.
A Privacy Policy is a legal agreement between you and your website/app users that explains how you collect, use, and protect their personal data.
It details what data you collect, how you use it, who you share it with, and how you keep it secure. It also covers your use of cookies and tracking technologies.
Most global privacy laws require a Privacy Policy if you collect personal information.
Yes, the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed is free to use.
You can also purchase optional premium versions with additional clauses for a one-time fee.
Yes, you can download the Privacy Policy generated by TermsFeed as HTML, DOCX, or plain text.
Use the Privacy Policy Generator from TermsFeed to create a free Privacy Policy for your business.
No, copying someone else's Privacy Policy is illegal. These documents are protected by copyright laws.
You need a Privacy Policy for two key reasons:
Legal Requirement:
If you collect personal data, you must comply with privacy laws that apply regardless of where your business is located.
Customer Trust:
Consumers expect transparency. Not having a Privacy Policy can damage your reputation and drive customers away.
If you truly don’t collect any personal data, you must still have a Privacy Policy to state that fact.
However, review your data practices carefully. Services like Google Analytics may collect data without you realizing it.
Many countries require a Privacy Policy if you collect personal data, including Canada, the EU, the UK, the U.S., and Australia. Privacy laws are expanding globally.
For details by country, see our article:
Privacy Laws by Country
.
Privacy laws protect residents of specific regions. Even if your business is not in California, you must comply with California privacy laws if you serve California customers.
Key laws to know:
CCPA
: California law requiring a Privacy Policy.
GDPR
: EU law with global impact, setting the standard for privacy regulations.
CalOPPA
: Requires Privacy Policies for businesses collecting data from California residents.
COPPA
: U.S. law protecting children’s privacy (under 13).
PIPEDA
: Canadian law for businesses handling personal data.
UK DPA
: UK law regulating data collection and processing.
Australia Privacy Act
: Regulates data collection and storage practices in Australia.
Cookies are small files stored on a user’s device when they visit a website. They help remember user activity like shopping cart contents or form data.
Whether cookies count as personal data depends on their function and the user’s legal jurisdiction.
No, requesting email addresses without a Privacy Policy is not recommended. Email addresses are considered personal data, and you may face legal liability if you collect them without a Privacy Policy.
Your Privacy Policy must explain why you collect email addresses, how you use them, and users' rights (e.g., opting out).
Your Privacy Policy must be easy to access at all times. Place a link in your website footer and on any page where you collect personal information, such as sign-up forms or checkout pages.
The best way to get user acceptance is through click-wrap, which is clear and legally compliant.
Provide a link to the Privacy Policy with a checkbox or button labeled with a statement like, "By clicking Agree, you accept our Privacy Policy."
Write your Privacy Policy in simple, clear language.
Privacy laws have different requirements, so start by reviewing what personal data your business collects, why you collect it, and how you use it. Use our Privacy Policy Generator or templates for help:
Sample Privacy Policy Template
Sample GDPR Privacy Policy Template
A Privacy Policy explains how you collect and use personal information. A
disclaimer
limits liability for misunderstandings or misuse of your content.
For example, a medical disclaimer states that content is for informational purposes only and not a replacement for medical advice.
A Privacy Policy protects your users by explaining how you handle their data. A
Terms & Conditions (T&C)
agreement protects you by outlining the rules for using your website or app.
Privacy Policies are legally required, but T&Cs are optional. However, having a T&C helps you enforce rules and terminate accounts for violations.
Everything you need to know about Privacy Policies.
Practical insights on Privacy Policies to help your business stay compliant and protect user data.
Privacy Policy for Educational Websites
If you're creating an educational website, you'll need to make sure you have all the correct legal documents in place. This includes having a Privacy Policy that is accurate and appropriate for your website.

Having a good Privacy Policy helps you to meet your legal requirements, show users that you're trustworthy,...
Privacy Policy for API Providers
If you are providing an Application Programming Interface (API), you're most likely to be collecting data from end-users. This means you'll need a Privacy Policy.

This article will look at what types of data collection and exchanges you're most likely to be making through an API. It will then look at...
Privacy Policy for RingCentral SMS/MMS Content Policies
Businesses that use RingCentral to send short message service (SMS) or multimedia messaging service (MMS) messages must maintain a Privacy Policy to comply with its SMS/MMS Content Policies.

This article explains what RingCentral's SMS/MMS Content Policies require, what to include in your Privacy Policy to comply with RingCentral's requirements, and what...
Privacy Policy for Photography Websites
If you're setting up a photography website, you'll need to include a Privacy Policy to meet legal requirements, make your website look trustworthy, and increase the professionalism of your site.

This applies regardless of whether your website is for sharing your portfolio, selling photographs or booking appointments, or whether you're hosting...
"How Do We Share Your Information" Clause in a Privacy Policy
One of the key purposes of a Privacy Policy is to inform consumers about how their personal information is used, including if and how it is shared with others.

When drafting your Privacy Policy, this will be an important clause when it comes to transparency and legal compliance.

This article will explain...
Privacy Policy For When You're Using Cloud Service Providers (CSPs)
Almost all websites use cloud hosting services these days, managed by third-party providers. These hosting services are also known as Cloud Service Providers (CSPs).

If you're struggling to figure out whether you need a Privacy Policy, whether your policy should disclose that you are using a CSP, or how to talk...