Home
Explore
Safety
Get App
Get Started
Get App
Privacy policy
Last Updated: January 31, 2025
This Privacy Policy explains how Cantina, Inc. (“Cantina,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses, discloses and otherwise processes personal information in connection with our websites and our mobile apps for iPhone, Windows or Android mobile devices (collectively, our “Service”). It does not address our privacy practices relating to Cantina job applicants, employees and other personnel.
Cantina is the controller of the personal information we hold about you in connection with your use of the Services. This means that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is used.
‍
What information do we collect and for what purpose?
Generally, we collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include:
Information you provide.
When you apply to be a member of Cantina or create an account, we need to collect some information about you. We may collect and store personal information you provide to us when you apply for or register for our Service, including your name, phone number, email address, password, photo or avatar, and location. We may also collect any communications between you and Cantina and any other information you provide to Cantina.
Data collected through the use of the Service.
We collect information about how you use the Service, your actions on the Service, such as talking to Bots or other users (when you press the microphone or camera icon)  and posting content  to the Service, including the groups you belong to, your interaction with your friends and with others on the Service, and photos and videos you post to the Service through in-app messages, chat, photos, videos (“User Content”). To share photos and video, we will access your device camera roll and camera with your permission. If you need to update your permissions, you can do so in the “Settings” app of your device. Please remember that Cantina may, monitor, record, and store User Content in order to protect your safety or the safety of other users, to assist with regulatory or law enforcement efforts, to protect and defend our rights and property, or to improve our products and services. You consent to the recording, storage and disclosure of such communications you send or receive for these purposes.
Information we receive from social networking sites.
We may receive personal information about you from third parties and combine that with information we collect through our Service. For example, we may obtain information when you login through a third party social network or authentication service, such as Facebook or Google. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us, which could include your name, email address, address book and contacts, or other information. Similarly, when you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you like, follow, or share our content through Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram or other sites, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information, profile picture, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. If you permit the social network to share your friends list or contact list information, we may use information about your connections on social media to let you know what your friends are doing on our Service, and to let your friends know what you are doing on the Service, and we may use it to suggest new friends you may want to connect with. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. Please understand that your Cantina contacts may post information about you on their social media sites and we cannot control what our users post on third party websites and services. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.
Address Book Information.
With your permission, Cantina may access your contact list available on your mobile device or in your email accounts in order to locate your friends and contacts on the Service and to invite your friends and contacts to connect with our Service. When we invite your friends to join the Service, we will include your name and photo to let them know that you are the person extending the invitation. After sending these invitations, we may also send reminder emails to your invitees on your behalf, which may also include your name and photo. We will store these contacts for purposes of alerting you when your contacts join Cantina at a later time so that you may connect with them on the Service, and to suggest friends and connections to other members of Cantina. Cantina may also use the information collected from your contact list and your friends’ contact lists to suggest new friends you may want to connect with on the Service. We make these recommendations based on your address book information as well as your friends’ address book information and try to find common friendships or connections to introduce you to.
Device Clipboard Information.
We may access content, including text, url, images, and video, found in your device’s clipboard. For example, if you sign up from a referral link, or choose to paste content from the clipboard into the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Information we receive from third parties.
From time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties and other users. We may also collect information about you that is publicly available.
How we use information generally.
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, to personalize content and messaging that may be most relevant to you, to develop and improve our products and services, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and permit you to communicate with others on the Service or on social media or invite others to join or come back to the Service (including by facilitating SMS/text message communications when you consent to receive SMS/text messages from other users that are sent via the Cantina platform or service). We may also send you Service-related emails or SMS/text messages (e.g., account verification, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
How we use information to customize the Service and our Advertising.
We may use your information to customize the Service and our communications and messaging to you and to others in all media, in which it may appear now or in the future. For example, we analyze the information provided by you and others, including, for example, information provided in your address book, your Cantina connections, and, subject to your privacy settings, your friends and connections on social media, to suggest other users you may know or that you may want to connect with on the Service. We may include your photo or avatar in email communications and invitations promoting our Service that are tailored to the recipient. For example, if you ask us to invite a friend to join Cantina, we may send an email invitation to that friend that includes a photo of you (to let them know you are the person extending the invitation) as well as a photo of one or more other users that we believe may know the same friend. Similarly, we may include your photo in invitations sent by other Cantina users to recipients we think may know you. We may also use information about you and your activities on the Service, including your photo, to provide personalized content, including targeted content and advertising on our site as well as on other sites and services, including on Facebook. We use data to help make the advertisements we show more relevant to you and to others, but we do not use your content in your email, chat, or video calls to target ads to you. By using our Service you agree that we may use your information to customize your content and provide you with more targeted advertising, as well as to customize the content and promotional messaging we send to others. If you choose not to provide personal data, we may not be able to provide the Service to you or respond to your other requests.
Use of cookies and other technology to collect information.
We, and our third party partners, may automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Service, read our emails, or otherwise engage with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”). For example, we may collect information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account, and other such information. We also collect information about the way you use our Service, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service. When you access our Service from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google AdID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device, or we may be able to approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP address. We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service and to understand more about the demographics of our users. You can learn more about Google’s practices at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
, and view its currently available opt-out options at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. We may also work with third party partners to employ technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which permit us to recognize and contact you across multiple devices. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are unable to respond to Do Not Track signals set by your browser at this time.
We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services on our Service may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies and you may not be able to block non-cookie technologies and these browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies, please see “Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising” below.
‍
Sharing Information.
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below.
Remember, our Service allows you to connect and interact with others. Your profile information, including your name, photo, and other personal information, will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default when you create a profile, interact with others on the Service in public groups, and post content to public spaces.
The public and other members of the Service.
Your profile information and content you post to public areas of the Service, including public groups, will be viewable by others on the Service and the public. We may include your public information, including your name and photo, in customized content and promotional messaging to other users or potential users. Please do not provide personal information you would not want to be public. You may be able to control the visibility of some of your information and actions in your Settings (see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below);
Other users of the Service.
We share your information with third parties with whom you communicate with on the Service. You control who you want to communicate with and what information you share. Sharing information with others on our platform is done at your own risk;
Third parties at your request.
For example, you may have the option to share your activities on Cantina with your friends through email, text or on various social media sites;
Other brands owned or controlled by Cantina.
and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Cantina, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns, to the extent permitted by law. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Policy;
Third party vendors, consultants and other service providers.
That perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytics services;
Other parties in connection with any company transaction.
Such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings;
Third parties as required.
As required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Cantina, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
Your choices regarding your information.
Profile and Data Sharing Settings.
You may update your profile information, such as your user name and profile photo, and may change some of your data sharing preferences on your Settings page.
Access to your Device Information.
You may control the app’s access to your device information through your “Settings” app on your device. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the app to access your photo stream and camera.
Notifications.
We may communicate with you via in-app notifications. We require your permission to send you notifications when you create an account. You may opt-out of receiving notifications by adjusting your app notification settings on your mobile device. If you turn off notifications from Cantina, you will not receive any notifications regarding your messages or updates from your friends or groups.
SMS Text Notifications.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional SMS text messages at any time. Please note that unsubscribing from promotional text messages will not prevent you from receiving SMS texts from Cantina directly relating to your use of the Services, such as for account login (e.g. we may send you a security verification code). To unsubscribe from promotional SMS texts, you can reply STOP to any one of our promotional text messages. For more information, see our Terms of Service.
Marketing Communications.
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails, you can click the “unsubscribe” button on promotional email communications. Note that you are not permitted to unsubscribe or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account verification, donation confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, or technical and security notices.
Data Retention.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and communicate with you. Please contact us through
this form
if you wish to delete your account permanently from our systems. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with others or with social media sites.
Deleting or Anonymizing Your Content.
If you are under 18 years of age, you may request that the User Content that you posted to the Service be deleted or anonymized such that your personal information will not be identifiable publicly on our Service by contacting us at through
this form
. While we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to delete or anonymize your User Content upon request, please be aware that due to the social nature of our Service, you may not be able to completely remove all of your personally identifiable User Content if, for example, that content has been stored, republished, or reposted by another user or a third party. We may also maintain your information in identifiable form for our internal use, even if your personal data is no longer visible to the public on our Service.
Modifying or Deleting Your Information.
If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, you can contact us directly through
this form
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
‍
Third party tracking and online advertising.
Interest Based Advertising.
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We may share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third party services, to collect, information about your use of our website and apps over time so that they may play or display ads on our Service, on other devices you may use, and on other websites, apps or services, including on Facebook. These third parties may collect information such as click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, mobile device identifiers, app usage, and/or general geolocation data and other information. We and our third party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
Social Media Widgets and Advertising.
Our Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google Plus, LinkedIn, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information about your visit to our Service, and they may set a cookie or employee other tracking technologies. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.For our users who are 18 years and older, we may display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and others. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements to users who have shown interest in our Service while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. For example, we may work with Facebook to display interest-based ads to you or to your friends on Facebook through a tool offered by Facebook called the Custom Audience Tool. This tool allows us to personalize our ads based on you or your friends’ experience on our Service in order to provide ads tailored for each specific recipient. We do not share personal information about your activities on our Service with Facebook, but we share a hashed email address or phone number which permits Facebook to identify our advertising audience based on the information that Facebook collects from its users. If you do not want to receive interest-based ads on Facebook, you can adjust your ad preferences through your Facebook settings. If you do not want us to use your content to personalize advertising that we direct to your friends on Facebook, you may email us through
this form
.
Cross-Device Linking.
We, or our third party partners, may link your various devices so that content you see on one device can result in relevant advertising on another device. We do this by collecting information about each device you use when you are logged in to our Service. We may also work with third party partners who employ tracking technologies, or the application of statistical modeling tools, to determine if two or more devices are linked to a single user or household. We may share a common account identifier (such as an email address or user ID) with third party advertising partners to help recognize you across devices. We, and our partners, can use this cross-device linkage to serve interest-based advertising and other personalized content to you across your devices, to perform analytics and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns.Your choices:
Interest-based advertising.
To learn about interest-based advertising and how you may be able to opt-out of some of this advertising, you may wish to visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
, and/or the DAA’s resources at
www.aboutads.info/choices
. You may also manage certain advertising cookies by visiting the EU-based Your Online Choices at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Cross-device linking.
Please note that opting-out of receiving interest-based advertising through the NAI’s and DAA’s online resources will only opt-out a user from receiving interest-based ads on that specific browser or device, but the user may still receive interest-based ads on his or her other devices. You must perform the opt-out on each browser or device you use.
Mobile advertising.
You may also be able to limit interest-based advertising through the settings on your mobile device by selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). You may also be able to opt-out of some – but not all – interest-based ads served by mobile ad networks by visiting
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.Some of these opt-outs may not be effective unless your browser is set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, change your browser settings, switch browsers or computers, or use another operating system, you will need to opt-out again.
Google Analytics and Advertising.
We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration, and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the Doubleclick advertising cookie) or other third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager, currently available at
https://google.com/ads/preferences
or by vising NAI’s online resources at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
Third-party integrations / service providers
By using Cantina, you are also agreeing to be bound by the following privacy policies:
Google Privacy Policy
YouTube, LLC (901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA) is a subsidiary of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA).
Our Service uses certain Google services, such as the Youtube API.  Cantina uses the YouTube API to display videos in the app. You can connect your account using OAuth authentication, a secure mechanism to give Cantina access to your Google account data without letting it know your password.
Data Retention
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and in accordance with our legitimate business interests and applicable law. However, if necessary, we may retain personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal data and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other applicable obligations.Once retention of the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or deidentify the personal data or, if this is not possible (for example, because personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store the personal data and isolate it from further processing until deletion or deidentification is possible.
Children’s Personal Information
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from, children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, the child’s parent or guardian should contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 16 we will delete that information as quickly as possible, unless the personal information is collected with written parental consent.
Links to third party websites.
The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third party sites.
Updates to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify individuals by email to their registered email address, by prominent posting on our Services, or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
Contacting us.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through
this form
or by writing to us at:
Privacy Department
Cantina, Inc.
10 Jay St, 4th FL
Brooklyn, NY 11201
‍
EU-U.S. Data Protection Framework
‍
‍
Please note, the Swiss-U.S. DPF has not yet been recognised as adequate by the Swiss Federal Administration.  As such, notwithstanding the below wording which has been drafted in order to comply with the DPF Principles, Cantina does not currently transfer personal data under the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
‍
Cantina complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program (“EU-U.S. DPF”) ,the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cantina has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce (under the certification of its parent company, Airtime Media, Inc) that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Cantina has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. (collectively the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Cantina commits to resolve DPF-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Cantina through
this form
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Cantina commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of BBB National Programs are provided at no cost to you.
If your  complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  For more information, see
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cantina’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,] and Swiss-U.S. DPF.
As set out in the “Sharing information” section of our Privacy Policy, under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.Since we share your personal information, we comply with the “Accountability for Onward Transfers”, “Notice”, and “Choice” DPF Principles.  In particular, where we share personal information subject to the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF with another controller, we take reasonable and proportionate steps to ensure that the controller processes the personal information in a manner consistent with our obligations under the DPF Principles.  Where we share such personal information with a third party acting as a processor on our behalf, we ensure that a relevant agreement is in place and that the processor only processes the personal information for limited and specified purposes and in a manner consistent with our obligations under the DPF Principles.  We may be liable for the acts of third parties that act as processors on our behalf.
‍
‍
U.S. State Privacy Disclosures
Depending on your state of residence in the U.S., you have the right to request access and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your personal information. These Additional U.S. State Privacy Disclosures (“U.S. Disclosures”) supplement the information contained in our Privacy Notice. For a detailed description of how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data in connection with our services, please visit our Privacy Notice. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms defined in our Privacy Notice retain the same meaning in these U.S. Disclosures.
For the purposes of these U.S. Disclosures, personal information does not include publicly available information or deidentified, aggregated or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with or linked to you.
‍
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information from and about individuals for a variety of purposes. To learn more about the types of personal information we collect, the sources from which we collect or receive personal information, and the purposes for which we use this information please refer to the “What information do we collect and for what purpose?” section of our Privacy Policy.
Sensitive Information
The following personal data elements we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws (“sensitive information”): username and password.
Cantina only uses or discloses sensitive personal information for the following purposes, where such use or disclosure is necessary and proportionate for those purposes: for performing services you have requested; for detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions; to ensure the physical safety of natural persons; to perform services on behalf of the business (where the sensitive information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for this purpose); or for short term transient use. Cantina collects and processes sensitive information without the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer.
‍
Your Privacy Choices
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Know.
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you, including:
The categories of personal data collected;
The categories of sources of the personal data;
The purposes for which the personal data were collected;
The categories of personal data disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal data were disclosed;
The categories of personal data shared for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal data were disclosed for those purposes; and
The categories of personal data sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the personal data were sold.
The Right to Access and Portability.
The right to obtain access to the personal data we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Request Deletion.
You may contact us through
this form
to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If you delete your User Contributions from the App, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other App users.
The Right to Correction.
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
The Right to Opt Out of Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising.
You have the right to direct us not to “sell” personal information we have collected about you to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
Depending on your state of residency, you may also have the right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. However, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please submit a request by:
Filling out
this form
.
We may need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account, if you have one. We will only use personal information provided in connection with a Consumer Rights Request to review and comply with the request.In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
To Exercise Your Opt-Out Rights
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt-Out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out, you may submit a request by clicking the links below:
Cookies-based Opt-Out (Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information).
To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies for analytics and targeted ads, please click
here
. Please note this opt out is browser specific. You must reset your preferences if you clear cookies or use a different browser or device.
Submitting Authorized Agent Requests
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted using
this form
.
‍
CALIFORNIA-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
Collection and Use of Personal Information
. We collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes. To learn more about the types of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we use this information, please refer to the “What information do we collect and for what purpose?” and the “2. Use of cookies and other technology to collect information” sections of our Privacy Policy.
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers,
such as your name and email address;
California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
, such as your username and password and phone number;
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet/Network Information
, such as device information, logs and analytics data;
Geolocation Data
, such as your approximate location based on your IP address;
Sensory Information
, such as audio, photo or avatar, and videos.
Other Personal Information
, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Cantina, as well as information we receive from social networking sites and address book information; and
Inferences
, such as information generated from your use of the Service reflecting predictions about your interests and preferences.
We collect this information from the following sources: directly from you, from our business partners and affiliates, from your browser or device when you visit our websites or use our Service, or from third parties that you permit to share information with us.
Disclosure of Personal Information.
As described in the “Sharing Information” and “Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising” sections of our Privacy Policy, we share personal information with third parties for business purposes, as described in the Our Disclosure of Personal Information section of the Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose may include: (i) other brands and affiliates in our family of companies; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) marketing and strategic partners; (iv) ad networks and advertising partners; (v) analytics providers; and (vi) social networks.In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business purpose: All of the categories of personal information we collect, explained above.
Sales of Personal Information and Sharing for Targeted Advertising.
In the previous 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information to third parties, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt Out:
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet / Network Information
In addition, please see the “Third-Party Tracking and Online Advertising” section of our Privacy Policy to learn more about how third-party advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses collect and disclose your personal information directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us.
California’s “Shine the Light” law.
This law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties, as defined under applicable law, for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Minors Under Age 16
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us
here
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
‍
‍
Revision Dates
Last Revised
January 31, 2025
Effective Date
April 26, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;