Legal Terms
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Effective Date: February 13, 2025
Plarium Global Ltd (“
Plarium
” or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“
users
” or “
you
”). This Online Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “
Policy
”) has been provided to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with any Plarium website (collectively, the “
Site
”), or any Plarium game or application (the Site, games and applications are, collectively, the “
Service
”).
Plarium offers its games also to users resident in jurisdictions across the world, including the European Union (“
EU
”), United Kingdom (“
UK
”), Switzerland and Brazil. Plarium is the data controller for personal information collected from those users, insofar as this concept applies in those jurisdictions.
This Policy also applies to any game developed and published by Futureplay Oy (“
Futureplay
”), including Merge Gardens, as well as any Futureplay website and services related to Futureplay games (collectively, the
“Futureplay Services”
). Plarium and Futureplay act as joint controllers regarding the processing of your personal information in connection with the Futureplay Services, meaning both companies jointly determine the purposes and means of processing personal information collected through these services.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to
information collected by Plarium through the use of the
Site or Service, and to
information collected by Plarium and Futureplay through the Futureplay Services. This Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Plarium does not own or control.
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use available
here
, to which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference. Plarium may provide additional product- or Service-specific privacy notices to be read in conjunction with this Privacy Policy.
In compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), we have appointed Plarium Europe S.A.R.L. as our representative for GDPR purposes in the EU. Users who are resident in the EU may address questions relating to the way we collect, store, use and disclose their personal information either to Plarium at the address identified below, or to our representative at the following address: 9, Allée Scheffer, L-2520 Luxembourg.
In compliance with the UK Data Protection Act, we have appointed
Hutch Games Ltd
as our representative in the UK. Users who are residents in the UK may address questions relating to the way we collect, store, use and disclose their personal information either to Plarium at the address identified below, or to our representative at the following address:
44-46 Scrutton Street, Shoreditch, London EC2A 4HH
, United Kingdom.
If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the
Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea
.
We will process your personal information in accordance with applicable law, including ensuring a valid legal basis for such processing if so required. Where applicable law requires consent to process your personal information, you hereby agree to such processing in the manner provided in this Policy and our Terms of Use. You are free not to use the Service.
It is advised that you review this Policy regularly, as it may be amended from time to time as set out below (see Changes to this Policy).
Information collection
We collect information about you directly from you, from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Service. We may combine the information that we collect about you from these various sources.
Information we collect directly from you
We will also collect any information or categories of information that you provide to us through your use of our Service from the sources identified below. The types of personal information we collect may vary depending on your activity. Personal information may include identifiers such as:
Your name;
User identification number;
Email address;
Password.
We will direct you to perform payment through one of the Payment Service Providers we work with. and we will not collect or store your financial data, (e.g., your credit card numbers or bank account). We may still however receive or collect Personal Information related to the Transaction, (such as your name, billing address, e-mail address, four last digits of a credit card, Transaction date, time and amount and transaction I.D.) in order to fulfil your purchase and for purposes as described in this Privacy Policy;  in addition, Payment Service Providers may share information with us related to your purchases for purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. we may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Service without having to re-enter it each time. We do not directly access or store your credit card information, and we will not use your payment information we collect except as needed to fulfill your purchase and/or communicate with you regarding your transaction.
We are not responsible for any Payment Service Providers handling your transaction and you should refer to the Payment Service Provider’s privacy policy to see how they use your data, which is subject to their rules and policies.
If you contact us via email (e.g., to contact customer support), we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply. We may use your personal information submitted in your communications to contact and respond to you.
Additionally, we may acquire information from you through your access and participation in message boards on the Service. This information may include posts, comments, photos or screenshots, videos, ratings, and in-game messages. If you post content to our Service, such information may be available to other users of our Service (e.g., in-game messages will be available to the recipient of your message and if you upload a profile picture, your image may be available to all other users of our Service). If you post your own content on our Service, your posting may become public and Plarium cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, our
Terms of Use
, the law, or your personal privacy.
Information we collect about you from third parties
When you install any of the Services, we may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily through a social networking website in accordance with their policies and terms.
If you log into our Service using Facebook, you must enter your Facebook email address and password. We will ask that you grant us permission to access and collect your Facebook basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address) even if you have chosen not to make that information public. We also will access and collect any information you have set to public on your Facebook account.
If you log into our Service using Google, you must enter your Google email address and password.  By logging in through Google, you are granting us access to your Google profile information, which may include your name, location, email, birthday, and any demographic data.
We encourage you to read the privacy policies of third-party platforms that you use to log into your gaming accounts to understand how those third parties use and disclose your information. We have no control over how any third-party site uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you.
Information we collect automatically about your use of our Service
When you use the Service, we may record information regarding the use of the Service, including about your internet or other electronic network activity, and we may collect other information that is visible on your social network page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that page.
The Service will also record game play information such as your high scores or game session duration. When you invite new members into your network on the Service or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages, including email address and content.
If you use the Service on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, including iPads and tablets, we collect mobile device identifiers, including Media Access Control (MAC) address, and possibly IP address. In certain games we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, general location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address) or e-mail address. This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
Except as described in this Policy, we will not share this information with any third party. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level. Please note that the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your account information to track the Plarium games you are playing.
Please see the Cookies section below for more information about the information we automatically collect about you.
Public Information
Some of the information you give us when you register to play our games is open to the public, such as your profile picture, number of friends, your username, the list of games that you play and the date of your registration. Should you wish to hide any of the information that is made public, you can do so by changing the settings to "only me" in the privacy settings tab of your profile.
Information use
We need the above personal information for the purposes as described in this Policy, and not providing certain information may have an impact on our ability to provide you with the Service.
Plarium’s primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
In addition, we may use user information for the following purposes:
Providing and improving our Services
. To facilitate payments and communications between users; to provide and maintain the Service; to improve the Service; to develop new features, products, or services; to authenticate users; to perform technical operations, such as updating software; to validate our users and ensure their qualifications to use the Service; and for other customer service and support purposes.
Marketing and communications
. To communicate with you, including via email or push notification, about your account and use of the Service, including to send Service and product updates; to respond to your inquiries; to provide you with news and newsletters, special offers, promotions, keep you and others informed of your in-game activity, and other information we think may interest you; and for other informational, marketing, or promotional purposes. For more information about opting out of certain communications, please see the “Your rights and choices in relation to your personal information” section below.
Research and analytics
. To analyze how you interact with the Service; to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends; and for other research, analytical, and statistical purposes.
Protecting rights and interests
. To protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Plarium, the Service, any third party, or the general public; to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; to prevent or stop activity which Plarium, in its sole discretion, may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity; to use as evidence in litigation; and to enforce this Policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Legal compliance
. To comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including as part of a judicial proceeding; to respond to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other legal process; or as part of an investigation or request, whether formal or informal, from law enforcement or a governmental authority.
Lawful Basis to Process in Certain Locations
We collect, use, and otherwise process your personal information when we have a lawful basis, as follows:
Contract Performance: we process your personal information to enter into an agreement with you and/or provide you with the service you request, pursuant to our
Terms of Use
;
Legitimate Interest: We process your personal information when necessary for our legitimate business interests and when these interests do not outweigh your own rights and interests, and subject to your right of objection to: (i) improve our services and your gaming experience; (ii) ensure the security function, and integrity of our games; (iii) when permitted by law, send you newsletters, marketing emails and push notifications with the latest information on our products and company, as well as other advertising for our products; (iv) protect our rights and property, enforce our
Terms of Use
and legal notices and for the establishment, exercise and defense of legal claims; (v) conclude corporate transactions (e.g., corporate restructuring, sale or assignment of assets, merger); (vi) share your information with third party marketplaces and service providers for adverting purposes; (vii) otherwise support our business, operations, and services; (viii) enforce our Terms of Use; and (ix) prevent fraud illegal activity and/or any violation of our intellectual property rights.
Legal Requirements:  We collect and process your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, including any court order or binding decision;
Consent: We ask you for consent to collect or process your personal information for purposes unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy by first notifying you and, where required, offering you a choice as to whether or not we may use your personal information in this different manner. Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, applicable law may require that we obtain your explicit affirmative consent, and you may also have the right to withhold or later withdraw your consent. Where such requirements apply, we will obtain your consent and enable you to withhold or withdraw it accordingly.
To the extent you provide information about friends and family members, you will present them this Privacy Policy and obtain their consent to provide the information. If you do not have their consent, do not send us their personal information.
Cookies and Other Data Collection Tools
Like many services, Plarium uses server log files and automated data collection tools, such as cookies and web beacons, as well as mobile advertising Id’s, such as AdID and IDFA (collectively, “Data Collection Tools”) to enhance your experience when you access or use our Service. We tie the information gathered by these means to our customers’ personal information. These Data Collection Tools automatically track and collect certain technical information from your computer or device, such as your IP addresses, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, clickstream data, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game information and the date and time of activity on our Service, and other similar information. In some cases, we will associate this technical information with your ID number for our internal use. By using our Service, you consent to our use of cookies, web beacons and Data Collection Tools.
When you download or access the Services, we may ask permission to track your activity. If you ask the app not to track, we will not collect the advertising identifier associated with your device nor will we use information collected to deliver targeted advertising to you. We may still collect and/or use other information about your device to, among other things, analyze and measure marketing performance. If you initially consent to tracking, you may later disable that permission in your device settings or may withdraw your consent for specific apps.
We use cookies, web beacons, and Data Collection Tools for a variety of reasons, including to: (i) analyze the usage of our Service; (ii) provide a more personalized experience; (iii) manage advertising; (iv) allow you to more easily login to our Service; (v) help make your use of our Service more efficient and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.
We may also employ web beacons or other technologies for a variety of reasons such as: (i) allowing us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an email was opened; and (ii) tracking pixels, which allow us to advertise more efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or identifying the source of a new installation.
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer, limit the type of cookies you allow or refuse cookies altogether. You may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable other types of technologies, such as Adobe Flash cookies. We invite you to visit the support websites of the various browsers you may use to learn on how to block the use of Data Collection Tools and to consult the settings on your mobile device for information about resetting mobile advertising IDs. However, you may not be able to use some or all of the features of the Service if you refuse/disable cookies or other Data Collection tools.
Do not track disclosure
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do Not Track signals, please click
here
. You also may opt out of certain interest-based advertising by following the instructions in the "Your rights and choices in relation to your personal information" section below.
Third party services
Please note that third party partners/providers, such as analytics companies or companies delivering advertisements in our games or on the Service, may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices and providers are subject to their own policies.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Our Service may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. This Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties. The following are examples of the third parties that we use for analytics:
Google Analytics
Plarium uses a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this Service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site. Plarium uses the information it gets from Google Analytics to understand Service usage and patterns and to improve its Service. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit a Service, rather than your name or other identifying information. Plarium does not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with other personal information.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your browser or mobile device. For more information about Google Analytics, please see the
Google Privacy Policy
. To prevent Google Analytics from using your data through a web browser, you can get the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
AppsFlyer And Other Similar Affiliates
Plarium also uses third parties, including AppsFlyer, to help understand usage of the Service and effectiveness of our advertisements. For more information about AppsFlyer's privacy practices, please see the
AppsFlyer Privacy Policy
.
Sharing of information with third parties
Except as set forth in this Policy, Plarium does not share your personal information with any third parties. In the event we offer services or promotions where your information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion.
Other Plarium users
. We will share your information with other Plarium users to provide our Services. For example, if you post a profile picture, that picture may be available to all other users of our Services.
Third parties for legal, fraud prevention, and security purposes
. We also may share your information with third parties as required by legal or regulatory obligations; as requested by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability; or as Plarium otherwise deems necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, technical issues, or other threats to Plarium or others.
Third-party service providers
. We may share the categories of information listed above with third party companies that perform services on our behalf, including payment processing (e.g., Payment Service Providers), order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, email campaigns, hosting services, and customer service. While providing the services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
Third-party partners to provide the Service
. In conjunction with the running of our games we may partner with a third party to assist us in providing you with our Service. We will share the information you provide us through your social network, such as (1) your first and last name; (2) your profile picture or its URL; (3) your user identification number of the pertinent social network, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile picture; (4) the login email you provide to the pertinent social network upon registration; and (5) game play information with these third parties so they may facilitate the use of our Service as well as contact you about other games which may be of interest to you, service notifications and to solicit your feedback and input. If you do not wish to have this information shared please do not use our Service. If you wish to no longer have your personal information used by such partners you may contact us at
support.plarium.com
and we will facilitate your request to the partner.
Third parties in the context of a merger, acquisition, corporate transaction, or other legal process
. We may disclose your information to another entity in connection with, including during negotiations of, an acquisition or merger, sale or transfer of a business unit or assets, bankruptcy proceeding, or as part of any other similar business transfer.
Third parties for advertising purposes
. We may use and share with third party advertisers (and other third parties) certain technical and personal information, and may allow advertisers to collect technical and personal information, which they may share with us, through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by increasing the likelihood that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience). Please see the your rights and choices in relation to your personal information section below for more information about opting out of behavioral advertising.
Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We share your personal information only as described in this Policy. Plarium does permit third parties to collect personal information through our Service and shares personal information with third parties for business purposes. These business purposes are described above and include providing advertising on our Service and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”). While we provide you the choices described above in the “Cookies” and “Third Party Services” sections, we do not treat these relationships as “sales” of personal information where that concept is relevant under applicable law. The information practices of these third parties are also not covered by this Policy. However, should these third parties be perceived as such, we provide options for you to opt out. You have the right to opt out of our sharing of your device and other personal information with these third parties by following the instructions in the "Your rights and choices in relation to your personal information" section below
Please note that if you use multiple devices to access our mobile or online applications you will need to renew this choice and will need to opt out separately on each device.
International Transfers
We may transfer your personal information outside your country of residence, including possibly to countries that do not provide a level of data protection equivalent to your country of residence. We implement appropriate safeguards to protect the personal information that we transfer in accordance with applicable data protection requirements. Where required by law, we put in place standard contractual clauses to protect your personal information. You can ask for a copy of such standard contractual clauses by sending an email request to
privacy.support@plarium.com
.
Specifically, for our users resident in the EU or UK, please note that Plarium is located in Israel, a country that is deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission or UK government, respectively.  Where Plarium onward transfers your personal information to a company located outside of Israel, the EU or the UK, we will take steps to ensure that your information is given a similar level of protection as that given in Israel, the EU or the UK. You have the right to request from us information about, including a copy of, the contractual safeguards Plarium puts in place to achieve this.
Data retention
We will keep your information for as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above in accordance with applicable law, generally no longer than 3 years from the date you stopped using our services. To determine the appropriate retention period, we will consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process the personal information and whether we can achieve such purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Protecting personal information
We strive to protect personal information while it is under our control. If you have an account with us, your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To help protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. You are also responsible for all uses of the Plarium games and applications by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been compromised or misused.
Security
We have implemented technical, physical, managerial and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, please note that no system or network is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use, disclose, or alter your personal information for improper purposes.
To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable measures (such as requiring a unique password) to verify your identity before permitting you access to your account or the Service.
Your rights and choices in relation to your personal information
Accessing, correcting, or deleting your personal information
Plarium takes your privacy seriously and works in a transparent way. In that sense, upon providing sufficient identification (to protect others' privacy), you may have rights under applicable law to request information from us about the personal information we hold in relation to you and correct any inaccurate data we hold.
Furthermore, depending on where you live, you may also have rights to change or request that we delete any personal information about you, such as by changing the applicable information found in your Plarium account. However, if you decide to delete or anonymize your personal information, you may no longer have access to certain content (e.g. information of your game progress) and your account may become deactivated.
In certain territories (including the EU, UK and Brazil), you also have a legal right to ask for a restriction of processing or to object to processing.
You may also have the right to withdraw your consent, on the basis of which we process your personal information, at any time, by closing your account or otherwise clearly indicating your withdrawal of consent. However, this does not affect our lawful processing based on your consent before this withdrawal.
Subject to applicable law, you also may have rights to request that we provide such information to you in a portable format, or to request additional information about how we collect or disclose your personal information.
The rights that you have are subject to conditions and may not always be applicable.
If you or your authorized agent wants to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at:
privacy.support@plarium.com
or via
https://dsr-support.plarium.com/hc/requests/new
.
If your privacy rights request is related to the game Merge Gardens or any Futureplay Services, please contact
Privacy@FutureplayGames.com
or submit your request through the
Futureplay DSR Web Form
.
Subject to applicable law, you can freely exercise these rights and choices. We will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information or otherwise permitted by law. Once we receive your request from you, we may verify it through your account or by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity.
Marketing communications
Subject to applicable legal provisions, we may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any Service you have requested or received from us.
Push notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Behavioral advertising
Users in the United States may opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”)
Consumer Choice Page
for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by
DAA companies
. You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”)
Consumer Opt-Out Page
for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and your choices regarding having information used by NAI members. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at
www.aboutads.info
or the NAI’s website at
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Users in the European Union or United Kingdom may go the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”)
Your Online Choices
website and select their country to learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt out in their own country. For example, users in France may go to the
Contrôler ses cookies
website to opt out of certain third-party ad networks’ interest-based advertising and find additional information at
www.youronlinechoices.com/fr
.
Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA
Consumer Choice Page
, the NAI
Consumer Opt-Out Page
, or through the various EDAA websites will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or App or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). If your browser is configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA, NAI, and/or EDAA websites, your opt out may not be effective. Please note that if you use multiple devices you will have to opt out on each individual device.
Mobile and Application Opt-Out Instructions
To opt out of allowing our advertising partners to use information about your app usage to show you personalized ads on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below:
Device
Information Sharing Opt Out Instructions
Amazon Fire Tablet:
Navigate to “Settings” > “Security & Privacy” > “Advertising ID” and disable the “Interest-based Ads” option, which when enabled, allows apps to use your advertising ID to build profiles or show you interest-based ads.
Android Phone/Tablet:
Navigate to 'Settings' > “Privacy” > “Ads” and enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization”
Apple Phone/Tablet:
On iOS 13 and earlier, navigate to “Settings” > “Privacy” > “Advertising” and enable “Limit Ad Tracking.”
On iOS 14 and later, navigate to Settings” > “Privacy” > “Tracking” > and disable “Allow Apps to Request to Track” or withdraw tracking permission for the applicable app.
If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us at
privacy.support@plarium.com
or via
https://plariumplay-support.plarium.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
For requests specifically related to Merge Gardens or any Futureplay Services, please contact
Privacy@FutureplayGames.com
or submit your request through the
Futureplay DSR Web Form
.
Links to other websites or applications
Links from the Plarium Service to third party websites or applications are provided for your convenience. In addition, content in the Service may be hosted by other websites or applications. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages or applications is provided to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy, not ours. These other websites and applications maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. We encourage you to review those policies yourself.
Policy regarding Minors
Generally, we direct our Services to a general audience, and we do not knowingly collect, solicit, or market personal information from children under 16 years old (or older, if required by applicable law), and do not wish to do so.
We reserve the right to request proof of age (for example, we may request your month and year of birth) or parental or legal guardian consent at any time, and we may block users if we suspect they are under the applicable age.
If we learn that a child under 16 years old is using the Services, we may block such use. If we become aware that personal information from a child has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records.  If you learn about any personal information we have collected from a child under age 16, please contact us immediately.
We encourage all parents, guardians, and others of the age of legal majority to instruct children to never give out their real names, addresses, or other personal information without permission when using the Internet.
Changes to this policy
Plarium may amend this Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you, such as by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email to an email address that you may have provided to us. Material changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our Services or sent to you via email, whichever is the earlier; all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date. Where applicable law requires consent for the processing of your data under this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Services on or after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the terms should be amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by the law and without any prior notice.
Questions or concerns & contact details
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at Plarium, please contact us at:
Email:
privacy.support@plarium.com
.
Postal address: Plarium Global Ltd. (Company number 514563956)
2 Abba Eban Blvd.
Herzliya, Israel
For any questions or matters regarding Merge Gardens or any Futureplay Services, please contact Futureplay at:
Email:
Privacy@FutureplayGames.com
Futureplay Oy (Company number 3222903-7)
Köydenpunojankatu 2A D
00180  Helsinki, Finland
While we prefer that you contact us in case you have any issue or feel we do not respond adequately to your questions or concerns, please note that you have a right to lodge a complaint with your competent supervisory authority.
×
Looks like you are browsing in English.
Would you like to switch to Ukrainian?
Switch
Cancel
We and our partners use cookies to provide and improve our services, analyze our traffic, personalize and measure advertising. Some cookies are required for our site to function properly and other cookies are optional. For more information visit our
Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Accept All
Cookie Settings
Continue without Accepting
Privacy Preference Center
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://company.plarium.com/en/terms/privacy-policy-addendum-for-republic-of-korea/:
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy Addendum for Republic of Korea
Scope of This Addendum
The policy on this page explains additional disclosures required by the Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”) and contains information about Plarium’s service within the Republic of Korea. If you are based in the Republic of Korea, the terms set out below apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Information Sharing
Delegation of Personal Information Processing
For the performance of the services detailed in our Privacy Policy, we delegate the processing of your personal information to various service providers. The details regarding the service providers and delegated services can be found below.
Here is a list of services we may delegate to other companies, along with the companies we are likely to share your information with.
Delegated Services
Delegated Service Providers (examples)
Hosting and Cloud Services
Google Cloud
Account Integrity and Security Services
Wiz, Symantech. Axonius
Social Media Login Services
Facebook
Analytic Services
Google Analytic
Customer Support and Relationship Management
Zendesk, Twilio (service communication only)
Billing and Payment Services
Adyen, Braintree, Xsolla
Attribution
AppsFlyer
Transfer of a Personal Information to a Third Party
Plarium will share personal information with third parties only as permitted under applicable law, which includes obtaining your consent or providing information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
Upon obtaining your consent, Plarium may provide personal information to third parties as follows:
Purpose for Which Personal Data is Used
Recipient
Personal Information Transferred
Retention and Use Period
Marketing Communication
Marketing Communication Service Provider
email address, email campaign metrics
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service
Improve In-App Advertising Experience with Personalized Ads (for games featuring in-app advertisements)
Third Parties for Advertising Purposes such as Ad Networks and Ad Mediators
player ID, email address, device identifiers, IP (for  serving the ad in relevant language), app activity (e.g., user interactions with ads)
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service and by the third party as detailed under the section below: “International Transfer of Your Personal Information”
Target Advertising
Third Parties for Advertising Purposes such as Media Channels
users’ identifiers, deposit events and other in-app events
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service
Opt-In and Opt-Out for Optional Personal Information Usage
Opt-In:
By engaging with our services, you may be presented with the option to opt-in to various forms of data collection and usage, such as receiving marketing communications, personalized content, and other targeted services. The specific options will be clearly explained at the point of data collection. You can provide your consent by selecting the appropriate checkbox or following the specific instructions provided in the communication or interface.
Example: When signing up for our newsletter, you will be prompted to check a box indicating your consent to receive email marketing. Alternatively, when you provide your email for marketing purposes, guidance will be provided, indicating that by clicking the "OK" or "Submit" buttons, you are giving your consent to receive marketing communications.
We will only use the data for the purposes for which you have provided your consent. If we intend to use your data for any new purpose, we will obtain your explicit consent before proceeding.
Opt-Out:
You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out of any specific data usage at any time. This includes opting out of receiving marketing communications, personalized content, or any other optional services that require your data.
How to Opt-Out:
Email Marketing:
You can opt-out of email marketing by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us.
Account Settings:
You can manage your preferences and opt-out of specific data uses by accessing your account settings on our platform.
Contacting Us Directly:
You can contact our customer support at
https://plariumplay-support.plarium.com
or send us an email through
privacy.support@plarium.com
to request an opt-out from any data usage practice. Please specify the nature of your request to ensure we can process it effectively.
Once you opt-out, we will cease the use of your data for the specified purposes, although we may still retain and use your data as required for legitimate business needs or legal requirements.
International Transfer of Your Personal Information
Plarium transfers personal information collected from users, as set forth below. Please review the below information carefully and proceed with using our products and services only if you agree to the overseas transfer of personal information as described below. You have the right to refuse the transfer of your personal information overseas to a third party. You may send us this request through the contact details in the "Questions or concerns & contact details" section of this Privacy Policy. However, please note that if you object to the transfer of your personal information, you will not be able to use Plarium products or services.
Recipient
(Country and Contact Information of Information Manager)
Date and Method of Transfer
Items of Your Personal Information to be Transferred
Purposes of Use by Recipients
Period of Retention of Use by Recipient
Plarium Global Ltd
Israel,
Plarium Ukraine LLC
Ukraine
Plarium Poland SP. Z O.O.
Poland
(
privacy.support@plarium.com
)
Transmitted at creation of a Plarium Play account, or upon completion of the installation process of our Apps and from time to time
All data collected by Plarium, as described in this policy, is stored on its servers in the US
Service provision and Storage and for the purposes set forth in the "Information use" section of Plarium Privacy Policy
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service
Google LLC.,
USA
Transmitted at creation of a Plarium Play account, or upon completion of the installation process of our Apps and from time to time
All data collected by Plarium, as described in this policy, is stored on its servers in the US
Service provision and Storage and for the purposes set forth in the "Information use" section of Plarium Privacy Policy
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service
Zendesk, Inc.
USA, Germany
(
legal@zendesk.com
)
Twilio Inc.
USA
(
privacy@twilio.com
)
Upon submitting a service support request and/or during any service communication
Email address,
player ID, IP address, support ticket data
CRM management and Support Services
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service
AppsFlyer Ltd.
USA
Israel
(
legal@appsflyer.com
)
Transmitted upon installation , and app engagement metrics like in-app events
Device identifiers, IP address, installation events and actions taken within the app
Attribution and analytic services
24 months
from the date the user's activity is recorded
Mobius Solutions Ltd. (operating Optimove branded services),
Germany
USA
(
privacy@optimove.com
)
When user subscribe for email marketing, through the communication with the user and upon the user requests such as unsubscribe from the service
email address, email campaign metrics
Marketing Communication
3 years beyond the end of user’s use of the service, opt-out requests on permanent basis
ironSource Mobile Ltd. , Unity Technologies
USA, Israel
(
ironsource_privacy@unity3d.com
;
DPO@unity3d.com
)
LiftoffMobile, Inc.
Germany, USA, Japan, Singapore
(
DPO@liftoff.io
)
Upon interactions with ads, such as interstitial, or rewarded video ads
player ID, email address, device identifiers, IP (for  serving the ad in relevant language), app activity (e.g., user interactions with ads)
Ad Monetization
IronSource, Unity
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/19783-2
Liftoff
30 days
Mobilitr Ltd.
USA, the EU, Singapore, and Hong Kong
(
https://mobilitr.com/#5
)
Google LLC. (mobile + PC)
https://www.google.com/about/datacenters/locations/
(
data-access-requests@google.com
)
Taboola, Inc.
USA, the EU, Singapore, and Hong Kong
(
support@taboola.com
)
Outbrain Inc., Zemanta , Inc.
USA
(
info@outbrain.com
)
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Countries:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/korea
under the following section: Delegation of processing personal data and overseas transfer of personal data
Facebook help center
MyAppFree S.P.A
Ireland
(
info@myappfree.com
)
Tapjoy Inc.
USA
(
dpo@tapjoy.com
)
TikTok Pte. Ltd.
Singapore
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy/webform/en
Information is transmitted upon attribution events in the App through conversion API or postback
users’ identifiers, attribution events such as deposit events and other in-app events
Target Advertising
Google -
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/retention/
, Mobilitr, Taboola, Outbrain - 13 months from the user last interaction with the service,
Meta -
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?section_id=8-HowLongDoWe
, MyAppFree S.P.A-   6 months,
Tapjoy - retain personal information  for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in Tapjoy systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in Tapjoy systems, TikTok Pte. Ltd - 18 months
Data Destruction and Retention of Personal Information
Plarium promptly destroys your personal information in accordance with internal policies and applicable laws when it is no longer needed, such as after the expiration of the retention period or the achievement of the purpose for which it was collected. If Plarium is required by law or regulations to retain your personal information beyond the retention period or the original purpose, such personal information will be transferred to a separate database (DB) or stored at another secure location. When Plarium destroys personal information, electronic files will be permanently deleted so they cannot be reproduced, and paper documents will be destroyed by shredding or incineration.
Data Privacy Officer, and Our Support Team
For questions or requests related to exercising your rights concerning your personal information, please reach out to our Data Privacy Officer or contact our support team as noted below:
Data Privacy Officer
Name: Leslie Nissan
Address: Plarium Global Ltd. 2 Abba Eban Blvd., Herzliya, Israel
Telephone number: +972 9-954-0211
E-mail:
privacy.support@plarium.com
Our Support Team:
Weblink:
https://plariumplay-support.plarium.com
Email:
privacy.support@plarium.com
Last Update: 30 December 2024
×
Looks like you are browsing in English.
Would you like to switch to Ukrainian?
Switch
Cancel
We and our partners use cookies to provide and improve our services, analyze our traffic, personalize and measure advertising. Some cookies are required for our site to function properly and other cookies are optional. For more information visit our
Privacy and Cookies Policy.
Accept All
Cookie Settings
Continue without Accepting
Privacy Preference Center
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/?mcOpenExternal=true:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label