EUR
Help
Log In
Sign Up
Explore Destinations
Cabo San Lucas
Dubai
Punta Cana
Scottsdale
Arizona
California
Colorado
Florida
Hawaii
Nevada
Oregon
South Carolina
Utah
Punta Cana
Cabo San Lucas
Cancún
Puerto Vallarta
Barbados
Jamaica
Costa Rica
Puerto Rico
Dubai
Abu Dhabi
Ras Al Khaimah
Ajman
Oman
Qatar
Da Nang
Bali
Phuket
Hua Hin
Ho Tram
Johor
Langkawi
Singapore
Scotland
England
Spain
Portugal
Ireland
Iceland
Wales
Cape Town
Garden Route
Johannesburg
Durban
Mauritius
Tangier
AED
UAE Dirhams (AED)
AUD
Australian Dollars (A$)
BHD
Bahraini Dinar (BD)
CAD
Canadian Dollars (CA$)
CHF
Swiss Francs (SFr)
CNY
Chinese Yuan Renminbi (¥)
CZK
Czech Koruna (Kč)
DKK
Danish Krone (Dkr)
EUR
Euros (€)
GBP
British Pounds (£)
HKD
Hong Kong Dollars (HK$)
IDR
Indonesian Rupiah (Rp)
INR
Indian Rupees (₹)
ISK
Icelandic Króna (kr)
JPY
Japanese Yen (¥)
KRW
South Korean Won (₩)
KWD
Kuwaiti Dinar (K.D.)
MYR
Malaysian Ringgit (RM)
NOK
Norwegian Krone (kr)
NZD
New Zealand Dollars (NZ$)
OMR
Omani Rial (OMR)
QAR
Qatari Riyal (QR)
SAR
Saudi Arabian Riyals (SR)
SEK
Swedish Krona (kr)
SGD
Singaporean Dollars (S$)
THB
Thai Baht (฿)
TWD
Taiwan New Dollars (NT$)
USD
US Dollars ($)
VND
Vietnamese Dong (₫)
ZAR
South African Rand (R)
简体中文 (Simplified Chinese)
日本語 (Japanese)
English
How can we help?
How can I book a tee time?
Navigate to your preferred golf course. Select your date of play, tee time, rentals, and number of players – and then click Book.
You will receive an instant email confirmation and your tee time will be guaranteed at the course.
Can I modify or cancel a booking?
Absolutely! If you are within the cancellation policy of your tee time, navigate to the
Manage Booking
page to modify or cancel your booking.
What is your cancellation policy?
You can typically cancel your booking for a full refund within 48 hours of your tee time, but this may vary slightly by course.
Cancellation policies are defined by each golf course and are clearly marked during the entire booking process as well as in your email confirmation.
Why should I book with golfscape?
We are the only service who’s technology operates at all our partner courses – that means tee times and rates on golfscape are sourced directly.
So when you make a booking, your reservation is confirmed instantly at the golf course.
How can I get more help?
You may communicate with us anytime using the button below or email us at
concierge@golfscape.com
– we’re happy to help!
Contact us
Log In with your account
forgot?
Log In
or continue with
Google
Sign up for golfscape
Sign Up
or sign up with
Google
Profile
My Bookings
Log Out
Your privacy is important to us.
golfscape
is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy sets out how
golfscape
uses and protects any information that you give
golfscape
when you use this website.
golfscape
offers online golf services through its own websites and mobile apps and through other online platforms such as partners’ websites and social media. The information that follows applies to all of these platforms. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
golfscape
may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 2 June 2013.
We may collect the following information:
(i)
name and job title
(ii)
contact information including email address
(iii)
demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests
(iv)
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
(i)
Facilitating reservations and internal record keeping.
(ii)
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
(iii)
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
(iv)
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or logs when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
You may choose to restrict the use of your personal information in the following ways:
(i)
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at privacy[at]golfscape.com
(ii)
if you would like your personal information or registered account deleted you may do so at any time by writing to or emailing us at privacy[at]golfscape.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 167-169 Great Portland Street, Fifth Floor, London, W1W 5PF, United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above addresses. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.