Privacy Policy
StudyBreak 3 Privacy Policy
Last modified on 22nd November 2016
Thank you for using the StudyBreak app. This document details the developer’s privacy policy regarding collection and use of your personal information. This application was created by the developer Kenechi Okolo. For the remainder of this document, the aforementioned app shall be referred to as the Application or simply StudyBreak and Kenechi Okolo shall be referred to as the developer.
Information Collection and Usage
StudyBreak app gathers information regarding the user’s settings and the usage statistics as displayed on the Stats page. This information is stored on the device and never leaves the device. The usage statistics can be deleted by the user by pressing the trashcan icon displayed on the stats for individual days. The stored data regarding the user’s settings is used for the core functionality of the app so that the user doesn’t have to input new settings every time the app is opened. This data cannot be deleted within the app, however the user can erase the data from their device by uninstalling the application. If the user decides to download and use the app again, then new data regarding the user’s settings will be created and stored.
Advertisements
The free basic version of StudyBreak may display “AdMob, by Google” banner advertising. The application links to the AdMob advertising service, using their application interface. The collection and use of personal data by the AdMob service is covered by the “AdMob, by Google” privacy policy. Please see their privacy policy (
link
). This application links with the AdMob service making use of a minimal interface that permits the display of banner advertising. This Application does not provide any of your personal information to the AdMob service (e.g. the Application does not tell AdMob anything about you, to enable them to target advertising based on your profile). This Application includes access permissions (e.g. internet access) in order to display the AdMob advertising.
Developer Access
The developer has access to limited and anonymous statistical information about the use of our Applications from Google Play and AdMob by Google.
Opt-out Rights
If you’d like to opt-out from third-party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There is an opt-out option for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
The Application is not used to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided information without their consent, he or she should contact the developer at dev@kenechilearnscode.com. Such information will be deleted from within a reasonable time.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You will be notified of any changes to the Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and highlighting the privacy policy changes in the app. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information by the developer as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by the developer. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using the information in any way, including, but not limited to: collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, and disclosing information within the EU. If you reside outside the EU your information will be transferred, processed, and stored there under EU privacy standards.
Contact the Developer
If you have any questions regarding the information above, please do not hesitate to contact the developer at studybreaksupport@kenech.io.