Skip to main content
Home
Domains
Domains
Domain Registration
Bulk Registration
Domain Transfer
Bulk Transfer
Websites
Websites
Website Builder
WordPress
Hosting
Hosting
cPanel
WordPress
Web Hosting Plus
VPS
Security
Security
Website Security
SSL
Managed SSL Service
Website Backup
Marketing
Marketing
Email Marketing
SEO
Email
Email
Professional Email
Legal Agreements
Digital Solutions - Global Privacy Notice
Last Revised: 12/17/2024
To view our archived Privacy Notice, click
here
.
We act as an agent of Wild West Domains, LLC (“WWD”) and offer certain products and services (“Services”) of WWD through this site.  Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice, “we” refers jointly to WWD and us.  This Global Privacy Notice describes the privacy rights and practices that apply to the WWD Services offered by us through this Site.  This Privacy Notice does not apply to any other Services we offer, which are governed by separate Privacy Notices applicable to our other Services.
As described below,
customers can manage their privacy preferences in their
Account Settings
page, and
you can always reach us at
privacy@secureserver.net
or by mail at the addresses listed in
Contact Us
to exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Notice applies to all individuals regardless of where they live. We also maintain customized local privacy notices for certain jurisdictions with unique privacy notice requirements, which can be access through the following links:
Australia
Canada
Europe (EEA/EU, UK, and Switzerland)
United States (California and other States)
Data Covered by this Privacy Notice
This privacy notice covers personally identifiable information (PII) collected by WWD in connection with the Services when we and WWD act as data controllers.
PII identifies or could be used to identify a specific person, and any data about that person. For example, your name, address, and payment details are PII.
We act as a controller when we process PII for our own use. For example, we act as a controller when you provide your PII to open an account.
This notice does not apply when you process PII for your own benefit. For example, when you send email for your business purposes that includes PII, you are acting as the “controller”. When you act as the controller, we act as the “processor” and process PII only in accordance with your instructions or as required by law.
This notice also does not apply to third-party applications offered through the Services. Please review the privacy notice of any third-party service or website before using it.
Core Privacy Rights
We recognize several core privacy rights relating to the Services:
* the right to know what PII we hold about you
* the right to access, correct, or delete your PII
* the right to transfer your PII (data portability)
* the right to set your marketing and advertising preferences
We promptly review requests to exercise privacy rights relating to the Services. If we need more information to process your request, we will contact you by email or, if we do not have an email address on file for you, by the same method you made your request.
If we do not honor your request for legal or other reasons, we will explain why we did not honor your request, your right to appeal, and your right to file a complaint (if available where you live).
PII We Collect
PII You Provide
We collect PII when you set up an account, use the Services, or contact us. Examples of PII we may collect from you include your name, email, phone number, address, and payment method.
PII We Collect Automatically
We collect PII automatically relating to the Services when you use the Services, , contact us, open our emails, or view our advertising relating to the Services. Examples of PII we may collect include your device ID, your IP address, information about web pages and other websites you visit, and other similar details.
PII from Other Sources
We may collect PII about you from other sources. Examples of PII obtained from other sources include publicly available data, social media information, and information lawfully gathered by third party data providers.
PII We Generate
We process data in connection with our business and services to generate inferences and insights that may be linked to you or your account.
Use of Personal Data
We use PII to operate our business and provide services. Examples of how we use PII include:
Managing accounts
Processing purchase requests
Registering domains you purchase
Provisioning products and services you have requested or may be interested in using
Providing customer support
Securing, updating, and improving the Services
Detecting fraud and other illegal activity
Customized marketing and personalized advertising of the Services
Contacting you by telephone, text or messaging applications to offer you the Services
Website traffic measurement
Other uses consistent with the purposes for which the PII was collected or that have been authorized by you
No Sale of Personal Data
We do not sell, lease, rent, or transfer personal data to third parties for monetary or other consideration.
Disclosures to Others
We disclose PII:
to processors to operate our business and deliver Services, including but not limited to providing security services, payment processing and customer support; conducting contests and surveys; and performing other activities related to our business and services.
to business partners to offer some services, such as email and payment processing.
to marketers and advertisers who create personalized marketing and advertising messages.
to comply with law enforcement and other legal requests, protect our legal rights, prevent harm to us or others, and enforce our policies and contracts.
if we sell some or all of our assets or merge with a third-party we may transfer relevant PII to the buyer or new company.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Online Identifiers
We use three main “identifiers”: cookies, web beacons, and scripts.
Cookies
are text files placed on your device when you visit our webpages or view messages from us.  Some cookies are “session cookies” that expire at the end of your browser session, while others are “persistent cookies” that allow us to remember your preferences and settings over multiple visits and across other websites.
Web Beacons
are image files placed in our web pages and emails.
Scripts
are small pieces of computer code that power customer service tools, deliver video, and provide interactive experiences.  We also use scripts for measuring service use.
We manage some identifiers directly.  Other identifiers are managed by third parties.  For example, we use Google Analytics to monitor site performance and visitor engagement.
We use identifiers to provide customized services, measure website performance, provide customer support, and deliver personalized advertising.  Examples of how we use identifiers include, but are not limited to:
Setting your service preferences
Managing your shopping cart
Guarding against fraud
Delivering relevant advertisements
Measuring website use
Conducting research to improve our services
Identifier Management
You can manage identifier settings through your customer account. We use optional and mandatory cookies and other identifiers. Optional cookies and other identifiers are used for support, website performance, and advertising. Mandatory cookies and other identifiers are used for account, verification, service continuity, security, and other functions necessary to provide our website and services.
Many web browsers allow users to block cookies (directly or through plugins and extensions). Some cookies, however, are essential for our website and services to function. If you set your browser to block all cookies, you may not be able to use our services.
"Do Not Track" and other Preference Signals
Some web browsers provide a “Do Not Track” feature.  There are no generally accepted standards for this feature and we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
We recognize universal opt-out mechanisms, such as the Global Privacy Control, where required by applicable law.
Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can manage your marketing and advertising preferences, including whether you wish to receive customized marketing and advertising:
Through your
Account Settings
Storage
We store personal data on our own systems and with trusted service providers, including Amazon Web Services.
International Transfers
We transfer PII internationally to provide the Services. We comply with applicable law when making international transfers.
For transfers of PII from the European Union/European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, WWD has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, collectively (the “DPF”). Please see the
WWD Data Privacy Framework Notice
for more information on WWD’s participation in the DPF Program.
Please see our
European Data Protection Disclosure
for more information pursuant to the DPF and other transfer mechanisms we use to transfer PII from the EU/EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
Length of Retention
We retain personal data for our business needs and to comply with law.  If we no longer need personal data, we may delete it or de-identify it so that it no longer identifies a specific person.  Factors we consider when deciding when to delete or de-identify your personal data include: (1) if you still have an account, (2) if we are required to retain personal data to comply with law, or (3) if the personal data is needed for tax other business purposes.
Security
We use risk-based measures to protect personal data, including appropriate security controls and employee training.  We also require that our service providers, business partners, and advertisers use appropriate risk-based controls to protect personal data.
No Collection of Personal Data about Children
We do not knowingly collect PII about anyone under 18 without permission from their legal guardian.  Please contact us at
privacy@secureserver.net
if you believe we have collected information from a child without permission from their legal guardian.
Legal Basis for Processing
We process PII upon your request, with your consent, to fulfill our contract with you, based on our legitimate interest, or other lawful bases. The specific basis of processing depends on the services you are using, the data being processed, the place where the processing occurs, and the place where you live. If you have questions about our basis for processing your PII, please contact us at
privacy@secureserver.net
.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
No Financial Incentives
We do not provide any financial incentives for providing personal data to us.
Policy Changes
We may revise this Privacy Notice by posting a revised statement at the same location as this Notice or on another location on our website. If we change this Notice, it will apply to personal data collected prior to adoption of the new statement only to the extent as the new statement does not reduce the rights of affected data subjects.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, you can contact us at privacy@secureserver.net or by mail at:
United States: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 100 S. Mill Ave, Suite 1600, Tempe, AZ 85281 USA
United Kingdom: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA.
European Union (EEA) / Switzerland: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, Digital Solutions c/o WeWork, Friesenplatz 4, 50672 Köln, Germany
Asia: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898
We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days.
Pricing excludes applicable taxes and ICANN fees.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.wildwestdomains.com/agreements/dpf-notice:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.secureserver.net/mailtoprivacy@secureserver.net:
404 No page found.
Sorry about that. It could be a misspelled URL, the page moved, or our server is having problems.
Go Home