Nuclear Cyborg
Corp
Privacy Policy
Effective: February 11,
2025
Collection
and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or
contact a single person.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime
you are in contact with Nuclear Cyborg Corp or a Nuclear Cyborg Corp affiliated
company.
Nuclear Cyborg Corp and its
affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent
with this Privacy Policy.
They may also
combine it with other information to provide and improve our products,
services, content, and advertising.
You
are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested,
but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide
you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Nuclear
Cyborg Corp may collect and how we may use it:
What personal
information we collect
·
When
you create a Nuclear Cyborg Corp account, purchase a product, download a
software update, contact us, or participate in an online survey, chat room, or
forum, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing
address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, age and/or date of
birth, gender, social media account identifiers, and credit card / payment information.
·
When
you upload or post photos, videos, or audio recordings to our apps, websites,
forums, social media, or chat groups.
·
When
you share your content with family and friends using Nuclear Cyborg Corp
products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to participate
in Nuclear Cyborg Corp services or forums, Nuclear Cyborg Corp may collect the
information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email
address, and phone number.
Nuclear
Cyborg Corp will use such information to fulfill your requests, provide the
relevant product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.
·
When
you purchase or lease our apps, in-app purchases, subscriptions, services,
upgrades, or products, we collect information about the transaction, such as
identifiers, date/time, prices, and currency.
For products purchased outside of the Apple App Store or Google Play, we
may collect your name, phone number, email and/or account identifier, payment
details, billing address, and shipping, delivery, and fulfillment details.
·
In certain
jurisdictions, we may ask for a government issued ID in limited circumstances
as required by law.
·
For financial
services and apps, such as Mortgage Calculator for Pros, we never collect,
use
or share your personal financial information.
·
For
developer services and apps, such as Pricing for App Store Connect, we do not
collect, share, or use any of your financial data, such as app pricing, sales units,
sales dollar volumes, or your app revenue.
We do collect some metadata, such as the number of apps, in-app
purchases, and subscriptions, to help us understand how our apps and services
are used.
How we
use your personal information
·
The
personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Nuclear Cyborg
Corp’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events.
If you don’t want to be on our mailing list,
you can opt out anytime by contacting us.
·
We also
use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and
improve our apps, products, services, content, advertising, and for loss
prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
·
We may
use your personal information, including date of birth, to verify identity,
assist with identification of users, and to determine appropriate services.
For example, we may use date of birth to
determine the age of Nuclear Cyborg Corp ID account holders.
·
From
time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices,
such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions,
and policies.
Because this information
is important to your interaction with Nuclear Cyborg Corp, you may not opt out
of receiving these communications.
·
We may
also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data
analysis, and research to improve Nuclear Cyborg Corp’s products, services, and
customer communications.
·
If you
enter a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information
you provide to administer those programs.
We
retain personal information for as long as needed to deliver or operate the
app, software, or service.
For example,
if you have a Nuclear Cyborg Corp account, all personal information associated with
your account will be retained for as long as you have the account, plus
additional time to allow for handling of customer service issues.
If your
account has been sanctioned for violations of our Terms of Use or User
Agreement, information about the sanction will be retained indefinitely, even
if you delete your account.
We may
retain personal information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use,
Privacy Policy, or any applicable app-specific or service-specific User
Agreement, or to comply with a legal requirement.
Collection and Use of
Non-Personal Information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit
direct association with any specific individual.
We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose
non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of
non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
·
We may
collect information such as device type, model, hardware configuration, date
and time, operating system, version, operating system configuration, network
address, vendor-specific device identifier, occupation, language, zip code,
area code, platform-specific advertising identifier (if permitted by you),
referrer URL, location, and the time zone where a Nuclear Cyborg Corp product
is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our
products, services, and advertising.
·
We may
collect information regarding customer activities on our website, interactions
with the iTunes Store, App Store, MAC App Store, Google Play app store, Amazon
app store, and others for Nuclear Cyborg Corp.
This information is aggregated and used to
help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand
which parts of our apps, website, products, and services are of most interest.
Aggregated data is considered non‑personal information for the purposes of this
Privacy Policy.
·
We may
collect data about how you use our Apps, applications, software, and websites
to help us improve them and to present you with relevant advertising
content.
Such data may include, but is
not limited to, App launch time, number of times App is launched, individual
and aggregate session lengths, details of which features of the app you engaged
with, including whether or not you shared the App or parts of your activity
within the App via social media or other channels, details of your In-App
Purchases, including which items were purchased and the amount of money spent,
as well as details regarding advertisements requested, displayed, and
interacted with.
For games, this data
may also include high scores, which levels or game parts were passed or failed
including the number of times, details on the receiving and spending of in-game
virtual currencies, and any other interaction within the game or App.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal
information the combined information will be treated as personal information
for as long as it remains combined.
We may retain non-personal data indefinitely.
Cookies
and Other Technologies
Nuclear Cyborg Corp’s websites, online services, interactive
applications, email messages, and advertisements may use cookies and other
similar technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies
help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our websites
people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of
advertisements and web searches.
We
treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non‑personal
information.
However, to the extent that
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal
information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal
information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined
with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal
information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
On iOS devices, we may request that you consent to using the
devices Advertising Identifier.
You can choose to deny this consent by enabling Limit Ad
Tracking (prior to iOS 14.5) or Ask App Not to Track (App Tracking
Transparency, iOS 14.5 and later), or responding appropriately if you are
prompted by the app.
If you enable this feature on your mobile device, third-party
apps, such as those provided by Nuclear Cyborg Corp, cannot use the device’s Advertising
Identifier to serve you targeted ads.
You
will still see the same number of ads, but the ads may be less relevant to you.
If you consent to this tracking and later wish to withdraw
consent, you may do so in the device’s Settings at any time.
Nuclear Cyborg Corp and our partners also use cookies and other
technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online
services, and applications.
Our goal in
these cases is to make your experience with Nuclear Cyborg Corp more convenient
and personal.
For example, knowing your
first name lets us welcome you the next time you visit the Nuclear Cyborg Corp sites
and stores.
Knowing your country and
language − and if you are an educator, your school − helps us provide a
customized and more useful shopping experience.
Knowing someone using your computer or device
has shopped for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make
our advertising and email communications more relevant to your interests.
And knowing your contact information, and
information about your computer or device helps us personalize your app
experience, and provide you with better customer service.
Check with your browser provider to find out how to disable
cookies. Please note that certain features of Nuclear Cyborg Corp websites will
not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information
automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet
Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider
(ISP), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system,
date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to
administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our
product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base
as a whole.
Nuclear Cyborg Corp may use
this information in our marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL”
linked to content on the Nuclear Cyborg Corp website.
When customers click one of these URLs, they
pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on
our website.
This separate server may be
owned and operated by Nuclear Cyborg Corp or may be owned and operated by a third-party
data processor.
We track this
click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and
measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to
be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email
messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format
customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened.
We may use this information to reduce or
eliminate messages sent to customers.
Biometrics
and Face Data
No Nuclear Cyborg Corp apps collect, store,
transmit, or share any biometric or face data.
The app “Santa Face Live Moji Mask” uses live
face data to animate a 3D cartoon face and head model with the same movements
and expressions as the user’s face.
This
data is processed ephemerally, on-device, while the app is running, and is then
immediately discarded.
Additionally,
neither the animated cartoon expressions nor the videos created by the user are
transmitted off-device, except as directed by the user’s sharing actions within
the app.
Disclosure
to Third Parties
Nuclear Cyborg Corp may make certain information available to third
party service providers and data processor partners that work with Nuclear
Cyborg Corp to provide products and services, or that help Nuclear Cyborg Corp
market to customers.
Except as already
described, personal information will only be shared by Nuclear Cyborg Corp to
provide or improve our software, products, and services.
Service
Providers / Data Processors
Nuclear Cyborg Corp shares personal information with companies
who provide services such as analytics, advertising, information processing,
extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you,
managing customer data, providing customer service, assessing your interest in
our products and services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction
surveys.
These companies are obligated
to protect your information and may be located wherever Nuclear Cyborg Corp
operates.
Our apps use the following data processors for app analytics,
crash reporting, in-app advertising, and ad attribution:
Google Firebase Analytics,
https://firebase.com/
Google Firebase
Crashlytics
,
https://firebase.com/
Flurry Analytics,
https://flurry.com/
AppLovin,
https://applovin.com/
We
work with AppLovin to deliver ads in our mobile application and other devices
and/or platforms. For more information about AppLovin’s collection and use of
your information visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AdColony
,
https://adcolony.com/
Chartboost,
https://answers.chartboost.com/
Criteo,
https://criteo.com/
Google
AdMob
,
https://admob.google.com/
Iron Source,
https://is.com/
Meta,
https://meta.com
Unity,
https://unity.com/
We share only automatically collected non-personal data with these
data processors.
This sharing is
required to provide, manage, operate, and improve our apps.
It cannot be eliminated or limited, except
for the device’s advertising identifier, as described above.
Others
It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or
requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your
country of residence, and/or requests from platform operators (such as Apple,
Google, etc.) − for Nuclear Cyborg Corp to disclose your personal information.
We may also disclose information about you if
we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other
issues of public importance, or for compliance with Apple App Store or Google
Play store compliance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or
protect our operations or users.
Additionally, in the event of a reorganization,
merger, or sale we may transfer all personal information we collect to the new
entity.
Third
Party Websites and Services
N
uclear Cyborg Corp software, such as apps and websites, may
contain
a
dvertisements which link to websites and other
apps that are operated by third parties.
We do not control and accept no liability or responsibility for those
websites and apps, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and
apps.
Please consult the terms and
conditions and privacy policy of such third-party websites and apps to find out
how they collect and use your personal data and to establish what they may use
your personal data for.
Protection
of Personal Information
Nuclear Cyborg Corp takes the security of your personal
information very seriously.
Nuclear
Cyborg Corp online services protect your personal information during transit
using encryption such as Transport Layer Security (TLS).
When you use some Nuclear Cyborg Corp products, services, or
applications or post on a Nuclear Cyborg Corp forum, chat room, or social
networking service, the personal information and content you share is visible
to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible
for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances.
For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that
information is public.
Please take care
when using these features.
If you log on to a device that is owned by a third party, any
information you access, display, upload, or download while using that third
party device may be accessible by other users, thereby disclosing that
information.
Your login credentials, such as password, Pass Key, or other
authentication method, whether used directly to access a Nuclear Cyborg Corp
app or service, or whether to unlock your device generally, is your
responsibility.
Children
& Education
We understand the importance of taking extra precautions to
protect the privacy and safety of children using Nuclear Cyborg Corp products
and services.
Children under the age of
13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted
to create their own Nuclear Cyborg Corp accounts, unless their parent provided
verifiable consent.
If we learn that we
have collected the personal information of a child under 13, or equivalent
minimum age depending on jurisdiction, outside the above circumstances, we will
take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If at any time a parent needs to access, correct, or delete data
associated with their child’s account may contact us.
Location-Based
Services
To provide location-based services on Nuclear Cyborg Corp
products, Nuclear Cyborg Corp and our partners and licensees may collect, use,
and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of
your computer or device.
Where
available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address,
along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other
technologies to determine your devices’ approximate location.
Unless you have completed a Facebook login
through the App, provided an email address, or otherwise explicitly provided
consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not
personally identify you and is used by Nuclear Cyborg Corp and our partners and
licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services, and to
provide the most relevant advertising offers to you.
Third‑Party
Sites and Services
Nuclear Cyborg Corp websites, products, applications, and
services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services.
Our products and services may also use or
offer products or services from third parties − for example, a third‑party app.
Information collected by third parties, which may include such
things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices,
not ours.
We encourage you to learn
about the privacy practices of those third parties.
If you purchase a subscription within one of our Apps, we create
a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and which includes information about the
subscription you purchased, and your country of residence. This information is
provided so we, as the developer, can understand the performance of our
subscriptions.
International
Users
All the information you provide may be transferred or accessed
by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal
Data Deletion & Privacy Questions
Most of our apps don’t collect personal
information.
For those that do or require an account to
function, launch the app and go to Settings and choose Delete my Account.
If you don’t see that option or the app
doesn’t have a Settings screen, then that app doesn’t collect personal
information.
In most cases, deleting the
app from your device also deletes most data associated with that app.
To request deletion of personal data associated with you, or if
you have any questions or concerns about Nuclear Cyborg Corp’s Privacy Policy
or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible
breach of local privacy laws, contact us at:
info@nuclearcyborg.com
Nuclear Cyborg Corp
3760 Rosewood Ln N, Plymouth, MN 55441, USA
All such communications are reviewed, and replies issued where
appropriate, as soon as possible, but generally within 30 days.
If you are requesting deletion of personal
data, we will require proof of your identity, which may include a valid
government-issued photo ID and/or other documentation.
Changes
to our Privacy Policy
Nuclear Cyborg Corp may update its Privacy Policy from time to
time.
By accessing our websites,
applications (apps) and services, you consent to our collection and use of your
information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.