Introduction
HNC Games understands that your privacy is important to us and, as described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed the Service to protect your personal information from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifiable information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. By using our service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, as such policy may be amended from time to time.
Information Collected
Our primary goals in collecting information are to improve our Services by providing a richer, more engaging experience, and to effectively administer your participation. When you install any of the Services, HNC Games may collect and record the information you provide, whether through the Services or through social network, mobile device or other third party services.
When you register a profile with HNC Games, your profile including any information (name, email address) will be registered with HNC Games. When you identify yourself on HNC Games network, you may identify yourself through a social network account in which HNC Games may receive additional information about your profile.
In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally identifiable Information" about our users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), with the exception being "Billing and Payments", where we store your billing information such as name, street address, and phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.) from social networking systems on which you have used HNC Games' network (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
Note that since HNC Games collects your data from social networking sites, it is your responsibility to read and accept their Terms of Use, as well as Privacy Policy prior to continuing.
When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages on secure servers, including email addresses and content.
HNC Games network may contain links to other websites. We are naturally not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by HNC Games.
By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-mentioned information in anonymous form as long as HNC Games sees fit.
Collection of Personal Data from Children
HNC GAMES' Web site  for or marketed to persons under the age of 21. HNC GAMES does not collect or post information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
The use of your information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on HNC Games' latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our services, content, and advertising. If you don't want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by
updating your preferences
. We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with HNC Games, you may not opt out of receiving these communications. We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve HNC Games' products, services, and customer communications. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our website and from our other products and services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Third Party Service Providers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the Services. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Users' activity, HNC Games' cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, and the Services you use, to target advertising within the Services. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called "clear gifs" or "beacons") to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
HNC Games does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks HNC Games to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that HNC Games may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the property and rights of HNC Games or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity HNC Games may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. Note that HNC Games is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that it may receive.
HNC Games may also disclose information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the Service or to protect its operations or users. Additionally, HNC Games may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Cookies
Like many websites, HNC Games may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a Service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of HNC Games' service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your browser. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser's options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of a Service.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that HNC Games endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the HNC Games site you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because HNC Games cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as HNC Games. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your profile page. If you completely delete all of this information, your account may be deactivated. If you would like HNC Games to delete your record in its system, please contact HNC Games and it will attempt to accommodate your request if it is not legally obligated to retain the record.
If you have granted HNC Games access to your Account Information through a Service, you may request that HNC Games delete your Account Information by following the directions available at
http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy
. You can request deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the HNC Games application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.
You can contact us, HNC Games by email: support@hncgames.com, for your data deletion. In order to verify you as the owner of the account, please send us email from your email associated with your information. Once verified and your request is confirmed we will completely delete all of your personal Data and account information.
Security
HNC Games is very concerned with safeguarding your information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. Though HNC Games has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. If you have any questions about the security of the Services, please contact us at
support@hncgames.com
.
Contacting Us
For any questions about its Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact HNC Games at:
support@hncgames.com
.
© 2014-2023 HNC Games Inc. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy:
Notice
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log Into Facebook
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies