Privacy Poricy
This privacy policy sets out how Lemon uses and protects any information that you give when you use our apps, website, and any services.Information from the users is assumed to be available in Japan and other running the country. When you use any our services, you will be to agree to this Privacy Policy.
Acquisition and use of information
We were measured for usage of this service, will continue to improve the service based on it.
Analysis of information
We may analysis the data of the texts, graphics, videos and other data uploaded or transmitted by you in Lemon (collectively, hereinafter referred to as the “Posted Data”) by itself or by entrustment to the third party only for the purposes of (i) judgement of whether the Posted Data falls under any of the following item or (ii) building and management of the system to exclude the Posted Data which falls under any of the following item from Lemon; provided, however, that we shall cease the analysis of the Posted Data upon your request toward us for the cease of such analysis.
(1)  the Posted Data whose content violates any law or terms etc.;
(2)  the Posted Data which induces illegal acts or is likely to induce such illegal acts;
(3)  the Posted Data which infringes the third party’s right or is likely to infringe such third party’s right; or
(4)  the Posted Data which we regard as inappropriate other than listed in (1) through (3) above.
For information to be collected at the time of registration
When you register to "Lemon", you must have entered for the limited information, such as name, face icon, age and sex (collectively, hereinafter referred to as the “Registration Information”).
In cases where you apply for registration in any service managed by us, or our subsidiary company, affiliated company, or business partner company other than Lemon, we may use the Registration Information to confirm whether the information you provides to us for such application corresponds to the content of the Registration Information.
Log data
Our server automatically record information of the use. Exchange such as click our web site or application, the ad also I shall be included.
Use of third-party services within the service
We takes advantage of a variety of services of other companies to provide our services. For example, we are using a Google Firebase in order to grasp the actions of users. These services may collect information such as the IP address of the information.
Sharing and disclosure of information
Personal information of users, will not be published except in limited circumstances, such as those described herein.
Law and harms
To comply with laws and regulations or legal requirements, to protect everyone's safety, to cope with illegal use and security or technical problems, and to protect our rights and property,We may retain or disclose the user's information.
Business Transfer
Bankruptcy, mergers, acquisitions, re-configuration of the company. if such assets sale has occurred to us, the information about the users is sold or transferred as part of that transaction. That it was assured in this Privacy Policy, will also be applied to a case in which information about the user is transferred to the new organization.
Information which is not private or personal
We may share or disclose the information about the user, which was and aggregations that are not in the private and personal non-statistical information in applications to third parties such as advertising and marketing.
Change of personal information
When users to join our service, we provide a function that they can access and change the personal information that you provide to us.  Users are able to delete the account of Lemon. When an account is deleted user information will be removed promptly from on our server. However, the user is not possible to erase the information which send to another user in the service.
Changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
If the changes will be serious, we will inform you. Even after the revision of the policy came into effect, if the user continued to use the access or service, we consider that the user has agreed to the latest version of the privacy policy.
This policy is effective from December 13, 2014
Revision June 1, 2019