CoughDrop uses tracking tools to improve features and keep making our app better. Are you ok with this?
Allow "Cookies"
No Thanks
Privacy Policy
Updated: January 11, 2021
CoughDrop, Inc. (“CoughDrop,” “we” or “us”) values you and respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of CoughDrop’s website located at
mycoughdrop.com
mycoughdrop.com
(the “Site”) and CoughDrop’s product, including associated parts, components and software and whether accessed via an Internet browser, smartphone, tablet or other mobile device (the “Product”). This Privacy Policy describes the type of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you visits the Site or uses the Product, how that information is used and the choices you have regarding the use of such information. Your use of the Site and/or the Product indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or the Product. We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this Privacy Policy by one of the methods set forth under “Contact Us” below.
For additional details on how we handle personal information please see our
Respecting User Privacy resource at https://app.mycoughdrop.com/privacy_practices
.
Use of Personal Information Collected.
CoughDrop may collect information about you that can be used to contact or uniquely identify you (“Personal Information”), only on a voluntary basis. Such Personal Information may include information such as your name, postal address, email address, telephone number and biographic data.
We collect Personal Information from you if you request information from us, sign up to join our email lists, register an account with CoughDrop, or otherwise volunteer such information to CoughDrop. The Personal Information we collect is used to notify you of updates to our Site, other websites, products or services we offer, to respond to inquiries, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your Personal Information to us. We retain your Personal Information as long as you remain an active user of the Site and/or Product and for a reasonable number of years thereafter, or until you request that we delete it.
Your Personal Information, including, without limitation, your email address, will not be sold or provided to third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In the event we would like to use information collected from you in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will obtain your consent to do so.
Information Provided By a Child.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its rules require us to inform parents and legal guardians about our practices for collecting, using and disclosing Personal Information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 may use the Site and/or the Product solely with the express consent of their parent or guardian.  If you permit your child to use the Site and/or Product, you hereby represent and warrant that you have consented to such use, and you hereby agree that you will be responsible in all respects for your child’s use of the Site and/or Product.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances may a child under the age of 13 submit or otherwise enter or make available any Personal Information about himself/herself (including, without limitation, through the use of open-text fields).  If you become aware that your child has submitted or made available Personal Information to us, please contact us through any of the methods described under “Contact Us” and we will promptly delete such Personal Information.
Health-Related Personal Information.
Please do not submit or store any information regarding your or anyone else’s health or medical status (pursuant to all applicable laws) using the Site or the Product.  If and to the extent you choose to do so, you understand and agree that (a) you and you alone bear the sole burden and responsibility of obtaining any consents or authorizations for disclosures of patient information that may be necessary under federal, state and local law; (b) any errors or inaccuracies in the information that you submit through the Site or Product are your responsibility and could result in deficiencies in your use of the Site or Product; and (c) CoughDrop takes no responsibility for, and makes no representations or warranties concerning, the accuracy of any information entered, disclosed or transmitted by you.
Other Information Collected Online.
In some cases, CoughDrop may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable, including through automated means such as cookies. For example, CoughDrop may collect information such as domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address. Cookies enable us to track things in aggregate form such as the total number of visitors to the Site, and the length of the visits to the Site. Such information is stored in CoughDrop’s database. No Personal Information is extracted in this process. The information we collect using automated means is used for internal review to improve the Site, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Mobile Device Data.
When users download, install and use the Product on their mobile phone or other wireless telecommunications device, CoughDrop automatically gathers information, including, without limitation, carrier providers, unique device identifiers, geo-location information (if allowed by the user), the types of mobile devices accessing the Product, and the types of operating systems accessing the Product (collectively, “Mobile Device Data”).  A unique device identifier is a string of alphanumeric characters (similar to a serial number) used to uniquely identify and distinguish each mobile phone or other wireless communications device. Location services can be enabled or disabled at any time, through the settings on your mobile device and/or in the Product. CoughDrop uses Mobile Device Data to understand usage patterns and to improve the Product.
Head and Eye Gaze Tracking.
When users download, install and use the Product on their mobile phone or other wireless telecommunications device, CoughDrop includes optional functionality to evaluate eye gaze, head position and facial expressions using multiple sensors including cameras (such as Apple's TrueDepth API). This tracking is used for alternative access methods to allow users to target and select on-screen options. Facial information is not tracked unless user logging is enabled, and then data is tracked only to the level that will allow differentiating selection techniques, and is not saved. Eye gaze, head position and facial expression tracking and logging can be enabled or disabled at any time, through the settings on your mobile device and/or in the Product. CoughDrop may use metadata about head and gaze tracking to understand usage patterns and to improve the Product.
Information We Share.
We use third parties to help us provide services to users, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, maintaining our database, administering emails, and administering promotions. Third parties also provide us with aggregate, comparative information regarding the performance of our Site.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use, conform or comply with applicable law or is necessary to protect us, the users of our Site or others.
We also reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information in the event we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale, merger or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Following such a sale, merger or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Other than as set forth above, we will not share or sell your information to any outside organization without your consent.
Anonymous Research and Community Reports.
CoughDrop regularly shares public reports with the online community to enourage additional research into AAC practices. Generalized usage data from users who have enabled logging and approved inclusion in aggregate reports will be included, only in an anonymized and aggregate manner, in these public reports, unless they have explicitly opted out. Additionally, we partner with research organizations to analyze AAC usage on a more detailed, but still anonymized level, and users may opt-in to allowing their anonymized, non-aggregated usage data to be shared externally for potentially public research purposes.
Your Choices.
If you do not wish for us to use your Personal Information to send you promotions regarding our products or services, you can opt out of such use by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Information or at any other time by sending an email to
support@coughdrop.com
stating your request. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may choose not to receive further promotional emails from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of such email.
Most browsers allow you to stop accepting new cookies, or to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and have the ability for you to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our Site’s features.
Contact Us.
If you have submitted Personal Information to us and you would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, or have any other questions or concerns regarding your Personal Information, please click on the “Contact Us” link on our Site, call us at (419) 589-7688, email us at
support@coughdrop.com
, or write to us at:
CoughDrop, Inc.
9733 Sharolyn Ln.
South Jordan, UT 84009
CoughDrop will use commercially reasonable efforts to make corrections to or remove your Personal Information from our records.
Updates and Effective Date.
CoughDrop reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on the Site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new policy. In the event we make a material change to how we use your Personal Information, we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of such new or different use. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of this page. You are responsible for periodically reviewing the Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any updates or changes.
© 2023 CoughDrop, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mycoughdrop.com/privacy_practices:
Respecting User Privacy
Updated: December 11, 2020
CoughDrop is a powerful, flexible communication app and system that enables communicators 
    and the teams around them to develop a personalized language learning strategy and
    to communicate effectively. Because CoughDrop is used in medical and educational settings for
    different ages of user, we are sensitive to state and federal regulations like FERPA,
    HIPAA, COPPA, etc. and work hard to track policies related to those regulations.
    Compliance with privacy and security regulations requires collaboration
    between CoughDrop and the institutions that use our software. As such, we have 
    compiled this set of assertions and best practices to prevent exposing personal information
    to anyone who shouldn't have access to it.
CoughDrop uses the cloud to back up, synchronize, and report on
    a communicator's vocabulary and activities. We do this to provide convenience for
    users (backup and multi-device support), insights on communicator progress, 
    collaboration across support teams, accountability for organizations, and general
    trends across the site. Because of the potentially sensitive nature
    of the information related to an individual's communication, we take user privacy very
    seriously. Below are some of our protection strategies, and best practices that you can
    follow to ensure the privacy and rights of the communicator are respected. The 
    information is provided to help organizations in their decision-making and
    training processes, and may change over time.
Personal Information
By default CoughDrop tries to collect as little personal information as possible about
    our users. At registration we ask for a username and email address, and we record the initial
    IP address for location tracking purposes. Any additional information provided by the 
    user is optional and opt-in. Some features of CoughDrop, if enabled, will result in 
    additional levels of tracking and information storage. For example, logging records
    additional data as the user uses the system, and the personalization of boards results
    in the storage of additional images and data fields based on the user-entered information.
We encourage therapy and educational teams to discuss together what information
    is appropriate to be added for an individual user
.
General Access
By default CoughDrop doesn't collect personal or academic information about our users.
    Access to CoughDrop is login-based, and every user must have a user name, email address,
    and password. However, the email address can be reused or even be invalid if needed.
We encourage therapy and educational teams who create logins on behalf of their
    users to use anonymized user names
, and many programs already have anonymized identifiers
    in place for the users they work with.
User-Generated Data
The CoughDrop application communicates with remote servers to download and update
    user-generated information such as board content, logs, etc. This communication is always
    done over a secure, encrypted (SSL) channel. In addition, user-generated 
    content such as buttons, email address, profile information
    and log data is all treated as potentially private and personal information,
    and is encrypted before being stored to prevent unauthorized access. Most pages
    within CoughDrop can potentially contain private information, so rather than
    use confidential information warnings on every page,
we encourage
    organizations to treat all CoughDrop access as potentially private and confidential
.
Within
    the system users can specify that their account is "public", in which case basic 
    user-entered information like summary, public boards, etc. will be available to
    any CoughDrop users, but this is an opt-in behavior.
We discourage communicator
    accounts from being set to public.
The 
    user name tied to each account is not encrypted, and without authorization another
    CoughDrop user can check on the existence of a specific user name, but will not be 
    able to retrieve any additional non-public information about that user name. This is another 
    reason why we encourage teams to use anonymized user names when creating accounts
    for their communicators.
Administrative access within CoughDrop is limited to only those who need direct
    access to fulfil their work responsibilities.
    CoughDrop employees and subcontractors with potential access to personal data are 
    trained on user privacy best practices
    and are instructed to only access information needed for supporting communicators and
    teams. Within the app, access to user information is based on strict access controls,
    and any access to a communicator's information must be authorized by the communicator
    account. The only exception to this is if an organization creates communicator accounts
    and assigns them to communicators, in which case
we encourage organizations to make
    sure communicators are aware of and comfortable with the organization's access to their 
    information
before proceeding.
Because communication is personal and individualized, many communicators add buttons
    representing personal information, such as family members, medical details, addresses, 
    etc. The system does not prevent this type of information from being added, but it is
    not required. Such user-generated data will be encrypted, but is still available once
    logged in.
Support teams should talk with communicators before adding potentially
    sensitive information to their boards, and should remember that this information could 
    technically be discovered
    by anyone with physical access to the communicator's device.
It is important to note that user-uploaded files including images (including photographs),
    audio records and videos uploaded to the CoughDrop system
    are encrypted in transit via SSL, but are not encrypted at rest (although they are
    protected from unintentional access using long randomly-generated identifiers), and
we 
    suggest only uploading anonymized images and
    videos that do not disclose private information
.
Logs, Reports and Tracking
In addition, communicators can add "supervisors" to their account. Supervisors are 
    additional logins that are used to a different person, possibly a therapist, parent, teacher,
    grandparent, aide, etc. Supervisors can be added as read-only or with permission to edit
    a communicator's boards. All supervisors have access to a communicator's full vocabulary
    set and any logs that have been recorded. As such,
we encourage support teams to 
    check with communicators before adding anyone as a supervisor to their account on their
    behalf
.
CoughDrop has a built-in logging and reporting mechanism that can provide valuable insights
    and summaries of communication usage and progress over time. Data can be a powerful
    tool as support teams try to assess a communicator's progress across multiple 
    environments and times of day. However, logging every button
    a communicator selects is a
highly invasive
action, and
support teams should
    get explicit permission from a communicator before enabling logging on their behalf.
There are two levels of logging in CoughDrop, general logging which records every action
    in a user's communication session, and an additional level which also tracks GPS
    locations to be used for filtering data based on physical location. Both levels are 
    opt-in, and CoughDrop includes a user-controlled mechanism which can permanently 
    delete all previous logs generated in the system (this purge can take up to 24 hours).
    You can see what information is recorded via logging in our
data and services tracker
.
CoughDrop incorporates anonymized data from all user-generated logs to share
    usage trends such as most common words, core vs. fringe breakdown, etc. These public
    trends are always strictly anonymized and not gathered without enough different user
    sources to ensure individual user information is protected. When users enable logging
    they can opt-in to allowing their usage log information to be anonymized and shared
    with third-party research groups. Personally-identifiable information, including
    email addresses, personalized phrases or location information, will not be shared with outside 
    research parties without explicit user consent.
Third-Party Services
Some components of CoughDrop take advantage of third-party services to improve 
    the user experience. CoughDrop reports send anonymized data to the
    Google Charts service to generate visualizations of usage over time. CoughDrop
    uses Google Analytics to track user trends and to help evaluate the effectiveness of
    new features. These third-party services are opt-in, and the  actions that enable 
    these services are clearly delineated within the system.
Additionally, CoughDrop "launches" players for third party content including
    YouTube, Tarheel Reader and OpenAAC. By default these launches do not send any 
    CoughDrop-stored information unless clearly specified when setting up the tool 
    for a user. These third-party services may include
    their own tracking mechanisms, and can be included as button launches on user
    boards. CoughDrop also allows for "launches" from arbitrary web sites based on
    user-entered URLs. 
    Control over whether to allow third-party launches is available
    in a user's preferences, and
we encourage teams concerned about external
    tracking to disable third-party launches for their users
.
We use the server-based troubleshooting and logging services 
    listed in our
data and services tracker
to aid in application 
    troubleshooting and information security, which send limited user metadata such as IP Address and
    User Agent, but this data is deleted after 7-14 days. Organization-created
    communicator accounts have error tracking disabled by default for everything 
    other than IP address (which we keep to use to combat fraud and maintain 
    information security), 
    so
we encourage organizations
    to create user accounts through the organization interface, or to manually
    disable error tracking in a user's preferences if there are concerns
    about user metadata being stored outside the system
.
In addition, CoughDrop collects contact information when users sign up or purchase
    the app. This information is used for support and marketing purposes and is stored
    in third-party systems that CoughDrop uses for communication and support. The
    information shared includes name, email address and IP address. 
    However, organization-created
    communicator accounts are not shared with third-party communication services, so
we encourage organizations to create user accounts through the organization 
    interface to prevent email addresses from being shared
with these third-party
    services. If your users are not created this way, you can disable this setting
    in your user preferences
    and we will remove your information from our marketing tools.
CoughDrop can optionally send out notifications to communicators and supervisors.
    These notifications include things like weekly usage summaries, notifications of badges
    earned, or messages sent by the communicator from within the app. It is possible that
    information sent in these notifications will contain user-generated information such
    as buttons pressed or goals set. These notifications
    can be sent via email, SMS, or as alerts on the user's dashboard. Email is the default
    notification policy.
If private information has been added to boards or used in
    creating goals or other such systems, we encourage communicators and supervisors to 
    set their notification preferences to remain within the app so as to prevent 
    the unwanted exposure of user information.
Session Timeouts
CoughDrop is accessible from mobile and Windows apps, or from any modern web 
    browser. Access requires entering the user's user name and password before
    being granted access to the user's interface, which will include their own content
    and the content of any users who have added them as a supervisor. 
    When accessing from a web browser, the user session will expire by default
    after 24 hours of inactivity unless otherwise specified by the user. 
    The user can opt-in to a longer timeout which will
    expire after multiple days of inactivity.
To help protect user information, we
    encourage browser-based logins to use the shorter timeout, and to manually log
    out after each session.
App-based logins use the longer timeout by default, so
we encourage app-based logins to set up a device-level PIN or password to prevent
    unauthorized access through the physical device.
Backing Up Data
CoughDrop databases are backed up regularly with the same encryption as the
    live database. File uploads by users are backed up to multiple facilities by
    our data storage partners. In the event of a catastrophic event, or breach or
    misconfiguration resulting in
    in data loss, CoughDrop does 
    not guarantee that user information and content will be retrievable, but CoughDrop
    will work in a commercially reasonable manner to restore any and all lost information.
    Any total loss of informatin will be communicated to the affected parties
    within 72 hours. For more information please see our
incident response documentation
.
Removing Old Data
CoughDrop logs and board provide ongoing value, so for active users this information
    is not deleted. Users may choose to delete their usage logs in their entirety at any time,
    or delete their full account including boards and logs, from within their profile. When
    an account deletion is requested we delay the deletion for up to 18 days to allow for
    cancellations or mistakes. Some users take advantage of CoughDrop's features only seasonally,
    so we wait a full year of inactivity before initiating the process of automatically
    deleting a user's profile, but users can always request the account to be removed
    sooner if they would like. Accounts created by organizations are not deleted
    until requested by the organization, or after the termination of the contract.
    When an account is deleted, boards and logs are removed
    as well, but historical aggregate data generated using those data sources will not
    be updated, as this aggregate data does not expose user-specific information.
An organization may, as part of their transition to another service, wish to 
    migrate their data out of CoughDrop. On an as-needed basis we will work with these
    organizations to create a standard export of all organization and user data that
    is recorded within CoughDrop. Such an export will contain only information directly
    tied to the organization, and only for users created by the organization. Users
    who sign up for their own accounts are are later added to the organization will need
    to grant permission on a one-by-one basis before their information can be included
    in an organization export.
Requests for User Information
On request, we can provide information about accounts for support or general 
    usage purpose. By default we will only provide this information to someone tied
    directly to the specified account (i.e. with a matching email address), or is
    authorized within CoughDrop to supervise the account. Organizations can define
    users as administrators within the CoughDrop app, and will then also be allowed
    to request information for users within their organization. If a parent or other
    user who is not authorized within CoughDrop requests information, we will verify
    their authorization with the organization tied to the user's account. If the 
    user is not tied to an organization, we will confirm with the user account directly
    before sharing information about the user. We do not share non-anonymizeed data
    with third parties other than what is recorded in the
data and services tracker
.
Security Breaches
We have many security measures in place to protect against unauthorized access 
    to user information, including training our employees on privacy and encrypting and
    obfuscating data sources. However, as we have seen in recent years even strict
    security measures are at times compromised. In the event that personal user information 
    is exposed to unapproved parties, or 
    CoughDrop becomes aware of unauthorized access to our internal system resources, we will notify
    affected users via email within 72 hours, unless organization partners agree upon
    a different notification process. If comprehensive information is not available
    at the time of the report we will include a schedule of updates, not less often than
    one update per week, until the issue has been resolved or concluded.
    Please also refer to our
incident response documentation
.
At CoughDrop we work hard to ensure communicators are respected and given the privacy
    that everyone deserves. If you have questions about these policies please don't hesitate
    to reach out to us.
© 2023 CoughDrop, Inc. All rights reserved.
CoughDrop uses tracking tools to improve features and keep making our app better. Are you ok with this?
Allow "Cookies"
No Thanks