Privacy Policy
Introduction
Digital Strawberry LLC cares about your privacy when you use our games, including Jigsaw Daily, websites and all related service which we may provide to you ("Services"). This document, the "Privacy Policy", is an overview of the information we collect or that you provide to us and what we use the information for. This information includes personal information, meaning information which alone or in combination with other information can be used to identify you.
In this document we refer to Digital Strawberry LLC and Jigsaw Bug as "we", "us", and "our". We refer to you as "you" and "your".
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information obtained from children. You must be at least 13 years old to access and use our Services.
By accessing and using the Service, you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or have concerns about providing information to us, you should not use our Services.
Information We Collect
When you use any of our Service on a mobile platform, we may collect and process certain information such as your unique device identifier or equivalent, hardware type, version of your operating system, and Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We may also collect personal information such as your name and email address if you provide us with this information. In addition, we create a unique user identifier to track your use of our Services.
When you purchase items via our apps, we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
How We Collect Information
We may collect and process information about you when you use any of our Services, including during game play, and when you contact us to report a problem or receive customer service. We may collect this information via our Services or third party services connected with them. Our services may contain third party tracking tools which may use APIs and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze your information on our behalf.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Privacy Policy. By providing us with information, you consent for us to use your information for the purposes of:
contacting you to provide customer service and updates on our Services;
operating and improving our Services;
remarketing and behavioral targeting;
marketing and promotion of our Services and related products;
conducting research and creating reports for internal use.
Non-personally identifying information is used for internal analysis and may be shared with third parties.
Use of Personal Information
By providing us with personal information, including your name and email address, you consent that we or a company acting on our behalf and only under our supervision may use your personal information to contact you regarding our Services, for example as part of customer service or updates about our Services. We may also use your personal information for research, surveying, marketing, and promotion by sending you communications, including by email. We will use your personal information when you contact us for the purposes of research, business intelligence, and to track trends with our Services.
Personal identifying information is used for internal purposes and as reasonably necessary to provide our Services to you, including disclosing your information to third parties we may use to communicate with you, and in the event the we sell any business or assets or if we or our assets are acquired by a third party. We may disclose your information in order to comply with any legal obligation.
Submissions
When you submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, material submitted via forms, communications or any other information, you grant Digital Strawberry LLC permission to use such submissions for marketing and other promotional purposes. You agree that we will have no obligation to keep any submission confidential. You will not bring a claim against us arising from our use of a submission.
Protection of Information
Digital Strawberry LLC takes the security of your information very seriously. We take all reasonable measures to protect your information. Information is stored on servers located within the United States and may be stored on servers and equipment in other countries. Although we store your information collected from our Services in a secure operating environment, we do not warrant that the information you transmit via our Services will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
Opt Out of Email Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletters and promotional emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any future changes in our privacy policy will be posted on this page. If you are concerned about how your information is used, check this page periodically for updates. If you object to any changes of the Privacy Policy you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account(s) you may have with us.
Governing Law
The internal laws of the State of Texas shall govern this Privacy Policy. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in Texas in the United States for all disputes regarding Jigsaw Daily and Digital Strawberry LLC. If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 17, 2018.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or need assistance opting-out of our newsletters, please contact us via email at support@jigsawdaily.com or by postal mail at:
Digital Strawberry LLC
PO Box 2854
Cypress, TX 77429
United States of America