By accessing or downloading any application from Runtopia, installing or using this application or any portion thereof (“Runtopia”), you agree to the following Terms of Use.These Terms of Use affect your legal rights and obligations. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms of Use, do not access or use the Service.
Terms of Use
BASIC TERMS
1. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service
2. You may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the Service.
3. You are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account, followers, username, or any account rights. With the exception of people or businesses that are expressly authorized to create accounts on behalf of their employers or clients, Runtopia prohibits the creation of and you agree that you will not create an account for anyone other than yourself. You also represent that all information you provide or provided to Runtopia upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete and you agree to update your information as necessary to maintain its truth and accuracy.
4. You agree that you will not solicit, collect or use the login credentials of other Runtopia users.
5. You are responsible for keeping your password secret and secure.
6. You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the Service, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.
7. You may not use the Service for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You agree to comply with all laws, rules and regulations (for example, federal, state, local and provincial) applicable to your use of the Service and your Content (defined below), including but not limited to, copyright laws.
8. You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, files, information, usernames, images, graphics, photos, profiles, applications, links and other content or materials (collectively, "Content") that you submit, post or display on or via the Service.
9. You must not change, modify, adapt or alter the Service or change, modify or alter another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with the Service or Runtopia.
10. You must not create or submit unwanted email, comments, likes or other forms of commercial or harassing communications (a/k/a "spam") to any Runtopia users.
11. Violation of these Terms of Use may, in Runtopia’s sole discretion, result in termination of your Runtopia account. You understand and agree that Runtopia cannot and will not be responsible for the Content posted on the Service and you use the Service at your own risk. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Use, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for Runtopia, we can stop providing all or part of the Service to you.
GENERAL CONDITIONS
1. USE OF APPLICATION
a. The Runtopia Technology(“Runtopia”) grants you the non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right and license to install and use this Application(“Runtopia”), the Runtopia solely and exclusively for your personal use.
b. You may not use the Runtopia in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Runtopia (or servers or networks connected to the Runtopia), nor may you use the Runtopia in any manner that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Runtopia (or servers or networks connected to the Runtopia).
c. You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Runtopia has no responsibility to you or to any third party for) your use of the Runtopia, any breach of your obligations under the Terms of Use, and for the consequences (including any loss or damage which The Runtopia may suffer) of any such breach.
2. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
You acknowledge that (a) the Runtopia contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws, and (b) The Runtopia Technology owns all right, title and interest in and to the Runtopia and content, excluding content provided by you, that may be presented or accessed through the Runtopia, including without limitation all Intellectual Property Rights therein and thereto. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair competition law, and any and all other proprietary rights, and any and all applications, renewals, extensions and restorations thereof, now or hereafter in force and effect worldwide. You agree that you will not, and will not allow any third party to, (i) copy, sell, license, distribute, transfer, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Runtopia or content that may be presented or accessed through the Runtopia for any purpose, unless otherwise permitted, (ii) take any action to circumvent or defeat the security or content usage rules provided, deployed or enforced by any functionality (including without limitation digital rights management functionality) contained in the Runtopia, (iii) use the Runtopia to access, copy, transfer, transcode or retransmit content in violation of any law or third party rights, or (iv) remove, obscure, or alter The Runtopia’s or any third Parties copyright notices, trademarks, or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within or accessed in conjunction with or through the Runtopia.
RIGHTS
Runtopia does not claim ownership of any Content that you post on or through the Service. Instead, you hereby grant to Runtopia a non-exclusive, fully paid and royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use the Content that you post on or through the Service.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Runtopia operates an mobile app aiming to help people who are sports and health-conscious,by Runtopia mobile App ,which is provided by Runtopia,Inc(“us”, or“we”,or”our”,or”Runtopia”),in connection with all our partners, users, service providers, and other affiliates.
By accessing and using Runtopia mobile app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood,and agree to be bound by following Terms of Use. If you don’t accept these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Runtopia app.We may modify these Terms of Use at any time, and such modification will be effective upon posting.
▪ Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Runtopia services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
▪ By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to record your daily exercise activities, post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
▪ Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who can access our Service(“Users”).
1. The Service
Currently, Runtopia App essentially offers its users the following Service(including Mobile applications and other services.)
1.1 Runtopia app, both iOS and Android version.
1.2 Personal profile page, including personal information offered by you.
1.3 Sports diary, including an overview of running histories.
1.4 GPS Routes, as recorded by users, and presented and administered by Runtopia, respectively.
1.5 User Content created by users, and messaging system, in order to exchange personal information.
1.6 RUNTOPIA PREMIUM
Runtopia Premium offfers more advanced data analysis and personalized running features to improve your running experience and efficiency
Cadence Metronome: A useful tool to adjust and control your running rhythm
Heart Rate Zone: A real-time display of heart rate data and heart rate interval analysis
Training plan: Workouts include a motivating voice coach and a performance-focused interval goal
SUBSCRIPTION FEES
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period
Subscriptions to Runtopia Premium are $3.99 per month or $29.99 for a full year. Runtopia Premium subscriptions will be charged to your iTunes account after your confirmation of purchase.
SUBSCRIPTION AUTO-RENEWAL
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at $3.99 per month or $29.99 for a full year.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
Monthly subscriptions automatically renew each month, and yearly subscriptions automatically renew each year. Subscription renewal is charged through your iTunes account. Subscriptions renew automatically at $3.99 per month or $29.99 for a full year unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period.
TURNING OFF AUTO-RENEWAL
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
You can turn off auto-renewal at any time from your iTunes account settings. Cancellation of the currently active subscription is not allowed
FREE TRIALS
Your Premium membership may start with a free trial. The free trial period for any subscription will last for the period of time specified when you signed up. Free trials may not be combined with certain other offers, as specified. If you begin your subscription with a free trial, we will begin billing your Payment Method for monthly membership fees at the end of the free trial period of your subscription unless you cancel your membership prior to the end of the free trial period. Your Payment Method will be authorized for up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register for a free trial. In some instances, your available balance or credit limit may be reduced to reflect the authorization; however, no charges will be made against the Payment Method unless you do not cancel prior to the end of your free trial period. You may cancel your membership at any time by going to your account settings.
Find the full terms and conditions, and our Privacy Policy at https://static.blastapp.net/home/app/licence_en.html
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1 Registration
In order to be able to use the Runtopia app, registration is required.
• Your username, password and mobile phone number when you register for a Runtopia account.As your log in with 3rd parties account, we also collect your e-mail address, username under your permission.
• Profile information that you provide for your user profile(e.g, nickname, pictures, phone number, age, gender, height, weight) These information help us to calculate your calories of each exercise activity.
• Only persons legally capable to enter into agreements on their own behalf shall be permitted to register with the Runtopia app. You are not allowed to operate any illegal behavior with the Runtopia app.
2.2 Analytics information:
• We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
2.3 Cookies and similar technologies:
• When you visit the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use Runtopia and provide features to you.
We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
2.4 Location data
• The Service include various location-based features,like mapping your outdoor activity routes. To provide these features we need to collect, use and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile device. For some 3rd party partners, the information will be shared automatically. For others, as Facebook, this information will be share under your permission or if you choose to share it.
2.5 Activity data from a connected account or devices
• Activity data from a connected account or devices will be listed in user’s activity history in Runtopia, we will map your route and present your data  in a certain form as other activity recorded by runtopia app. And they can also be shared to Runtopia or other social network.
CAUTION: Continually using your GPS on background mode will reduce your battery life.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
• help you efficiently access your information after you sign in
• remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
• provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing
• provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service
• develop and test new products and features
• monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
• diagnose or fix technology problems
• automatically update the Runtopia application on your device
We guarantee that user data will never be used for commercial purposes without the user's consent
4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Runtopia does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us (support@Runtopia.net)