Privacy Policy
Release Date: October 10, 2024
Effective Date: October 17, 2024
Whereas
Tiger Fintech (Singapore) Pte. Ltd, TTMF Limited and its related companies ("
We
" or "
Tiger
") take the security of your personal information very seriously and make commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information. We are committed to adopting a consistent and strict policy in all of our operations. Through our Privacy Policy (the "
Policy
"), we would like to explain to you our handling rules for collecting and using personal information in order to better protect your rights and those of the individuals involved.
This Policy applies to the Tiger Trade APP, website, PC terminal, applet and all products and services provided to you in new forms as technology develops (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Mobile Apps" or "Products/Services") operated, developed and managed by Tiger. If you use other products or services from the Mobile Apps operated, developed and managed by Tiger (e.g., logging in with a Tiger account) that do not have a separate privacy policy, then this Policy applies to those products or services as well. If we provide you with other products or services that have separate privacy policy, then the corresponding privacy policy will apply to those products or services.
Please read this Policy carefully, especially the terms marked in bold/bold underline, to understand in detail how we collect and use information so that you can better understand our services and make appropriate choices.
Please make sure you fully understand and agree to this Policy before you start using the Service. By clicking "Agree to this Policy" or checking a box with a similar meaning, or by actively logging in, confirming, agreeing, accepting, and using the Service provided by us, you agree to our collection, use, storage, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy (including updated versions).
If you have any questions about this Policy or related matters, please contact us via email at support@itiger.com, or through the contact information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Policy.
Table of Contents
I. Definition of keywords
II. What information we collect
III. How we use your information
IV. How we share, transfer or disclose your information
V. How we store and protect your information
VI. How to exercise your rights
VII. Third party websites and services
VIII. Cross-border transmission of personal information
IX. Special protection for minors
X. Notices and amendments
XI. How to contact us
XII.Special Section for Certain Jurisdictions
I. Definition of keywords
Personal information:
refers to any kind of information related to an identified or identifiable natural person as electronically or otherwise recorded, excluding information that has been anonymized.
Sensitive personal information
: refers to personal information that can directly or indirectly identify an individual and requires special protection. It includes, but is not limited to, identification numbers such as ID card or passport numbers, bank account information, health conditions, race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, and personal information of minors.
II. What information we collect
In the course of your use of our Products/Services, we collect information that you provide voluntarily, authorize or provide at our request, as well as information generated based on your use of the Mobile Apps, in order to provide you with the Services, optimize the Services and secure your account. If you refuse to provide or consent to our collection of such information, you will not be able to access the corresponding Services.
You can learn more about our collection and use of your personal information by clicking
Personal Information Collection List.
Information you provide
Registration and Account Information.
When you register as our user, you are required to provide us with your phone number, email address, or third-party account (including Weibo, WeChat, Facebook, and Apple ID), and set an appropriate password.
If you only need to use browsing, searching, and other functions, you can use the guest mode, which does not require registration as our user and providing the above information.
You can also log in using third-party accounts, including Apple ID, WeChat, Weibo, and Facebook. We need to access the mobile application installation list to determine whether you have installed the third-party client applications. We will collect and use personal photos and nicknames associated with the third-party account you use for login through third-party authorization services.
If you need to upload photos, you will need to grant us access to your device's camera and photo gallery.
When you use the community live streaming feature, we will require your authorization to access the microphone.
The pictures and video information you upload will be stored in our server, as storage is necessary to achieve this function.
You can also use the guest mode for browsing, but you won't be able to post any content or make comments.
Professional market data services information.
When you need more professional market data services, based on the compliance requirements of the professional market data provider, you may be required to provide additional personal information, which may involve tiger UUID, name, residence address, company name, company industry, company address, position, email address, mobile phone number and other information. We remind you to provide such information with caution, and we will also collect information before assisting in providing such professional market data services with your separate consent.
Information when you contact us.
When you contact us or request dispute resolution or account-related business operations, we may require you to provide necessary personal information to verify your identity in order to protect your account and system security. In order to contact you promptly and assist in resolving issues or record the resolution status and results, we may retain communication/call records and relevant content between you and us (including account information, other information provided by you to prove relevant facts, or contact details you provided). We may also use other reasonable and necessary information provided by you, including information provided during customer service and questionnaire surveys, to provide and improve the quality of our Services.
TigerGPT services information
. In order to provide you with the TigerGPT services, we will collect text dialogue information you input and the evaluation information for the output content. Specific services are detailed at
TigerGPT Service Agreement and Privacy Statement.
Calendar permissions.
When you use our market data, company actions or major events forecasting function, after you authorize to enable the permission to read/write your calendar, we will read/record the date of your concern market data, company actions or major events into the system calendar according to your operation in order to provide you with timely reminder service. If access is denied, you will not be able to use the reminder function, but it will not affect your access to other services.
Storage permissions
. The default Mobile Apps only accesses the storage space in the application sandbox/this application directory assigned by the Android system. After you authorize to open the permission to read/write your device storage, we will read or write pictures, files, crash logs and other necessary information in the storage space of your device for providing you with information release or recording crash logs to ensure the stable operation of the Mobile Apps.
Delivery information.
When you redeem your rewards in our Rewards Center, we will collect your contact information (delivery name, address, phone number) for the purpose of distributing our event gifts.
International brokerage business information.
If you wish to use the related services provided by international brokers, you can access the service platform and pages of the international brokerage firm through our Mobile Apps.
The account opening and related functions are provided to you by our affiliate broker-dealer at different jurisdictions (“Tiger Brokers”). You will first need to go to the service platform and pages of Tiger Brokers in the relevant country or region. Depending on the regulatory, legal requirements and account opening rules of specific broker-dealer, you may need to provide your identity information, identification information, contact information and biometric information, tax information and address information directly to Tiger Brokers; when assessing your investment suitability, you may need to provide your professional status and asset information and income information directly to Tiger Brokers; during the account opening process, for the face recognition and identity authentication, you may need to turn on the device's camera and microphone permissions; if you are suspected to be located in Chinese mainland or another country or region with special regulatory requirements, you may need to turn on the device's geolocation permissions. The above information is collected by Tiger Brokers and is subject to the Tiger Brokers personal information processing rules, which you can further review in the
Tiger Brokers Privacy Policy
. If you are not willing to provide the above information or refuse to give the above permissions, you may not be able to complete the account opening process properly and will not be able to use the corresponding services and functions provided by Tiger Brokers, but it will not affect your use of our Mobile Apps and our Products/Services under this Policy.
Information we collect automatically
Device information.
We will collect device information including your device name, device model, device unique identifiers (such as IMEI, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID), operating system, IP address, device MAC address, software installation list, resolution, mobile application download channel, current mobile application version number, mobile application language settings, and device sensor information (such as gravity sensor, gyroscope sensor, electromagnetic field sensor, accelerometer sensor). Additionally, we will use your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile application download channel, current mobile application version number, and mobile application language settings.
Operation log information.
When you use our Mobile Apps, we automatically collect details of your use of our Mobile Apps, which are kept as relevant web logs. We are required to collect your log information, including account status, login time, browsing history, which also includes your IP address, browser type, language used, operating system version, date and time of access, network requests, etc. We will obtain storage access to your device for the purpose of saving the aforementioned log information.
Usage Information.
We recommend you provide us with information about how you interact with the Services, such as clicking, browsing, following, collecting, searching, commenting, sharing, uploading (pictures, audio and video) generated in the process of using the above mentioned functions
Clipboard function.
Your clipboard function may be invoked to facilitate copying information, sharing or receiving shared information. Clipboard information will only be processed on your device and we will not store the information contained in your clipboard and will not use it for any other purpose.
Cookies.
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the services, pages visited, language preferences and other traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the services in order to continually improve our design and functionality. Cookies further allow us to select which of our advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are on the services. We may also use cookies or other technologies in online advertising to track responses to our ads. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the services. You also may not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.
Pixel tags and other similar technologies.
A Pixel tag (also known as a web beacon and clear GIF) is an invisible tag placed on certain pages of our website but not on your computer. Pixel tags are usually used in conjunction with cookies and may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the services measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the services and response rates. You have the choice to set up your web browser to block cookies which will in turn disable the pixel tags from monitoring your website visit. You may also remove cookies stored from your computer or mobile device. However, do note that when you enable blocking of cookies and pixel tags, it may limit certain features and functions in your use of our websites or applications.
Auto-Start and associated start.
In order to ensure that you can properly receive broadcast information pushed by us, when our Mobile App is closed or running in the background, the "Auto-Start" capability may be used occasionally. There will be a certain frequency of Auto-Start or associated start behavior through system broadcast. In addition, with your express consent, when you open the content push message of our mobile application, it will jump and open the relevant content.
III. How we use your information
Our rules on the use of personal information
We will use your authorized personal information to implement the functions of the APP based on the intents and purposes set forth in this Policy. Please note that the Products/Services we provide to you are subject to change from time to time. Please note that if we want to use personal information for purposes other than those set forth in this Policy or to collect additional personal information not described herein, we will provide you with a detailed explanation of the purposes, methods, types of information collected and obtain your consent separately through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means. Once you agree, such additional information or use purpose will be considered part of this Policy and apply to this Policy.
When we collect various types of sensitive personal information from you, we will obtain your consent again through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means as required by applicable law, and will keep the impact on your personal rights to a minimum. If we want to collect sensitive personal information that is not described in this Policy, or use sensitive personal information that is described for other purposes that are not described, we will also provide you with a detailed explanation of the necessity, manner, type, and impact on your personal rights and interests of the information collected in the manner described above.
Please note that if you provide information that contains personal information of another person, you need to ensure that you have the legal authorization of that person before providing such personal information to us.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that after collecting personal information, we may de-identify the information through technical means, and the de-identified information will not identify you personally, in which case we may use the de-identified information to analyze and commercially exploit the database without obtaining your consent. All personal information provided by you when using the Mobile Apps will continue to be authorized for our use unless you delete it or refuse to allow us to continue collecting it through your device's system settings.
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Services, and the main uses of your information are:
Offer you services and features.
Legal basis: We process your personal information to fulfill our contractual obligations in providing you with our services and features.
Review, improve, and develop the Services.
Legal basis: It is in our legitimate business interests to collect and process your personal information to request feedback, conduct research and analysis, and enable us to operate, develop, and improve our services.
Resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems.
Legal basis: We collect and process your personal information to provide technical support, customer service, and ensure the continuous and smooth operation of our services as part of our obligation to you.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Services.
Legal basis: It is in our legitimate business interests to collect and process your personal information to prevent or investigate actual or suspected fraud, hacking, infringement, or other misconduct in order to maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of our services.
Enforce the user agreement.
Legal basis: We may process your personal data to fulfill the agreement between you and us.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Legal basis: We may need to process your personal information to comply with applicable legal requirements.
For details on how we use your personal information, please refer to our
Personal Information Collection List
.
Exceptions to your authorized consent
We may also collect and use your personal information in the following cases, but please be fully aware that your authorized consent is not required to collect your information in the following cases:
(1) those related to the fulfillment of laws, regulations and supervisory rules;
(2) those directly related to national security and national defense security;
(3) those directly related to public safety, public health and significant public interests;
(4) those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
(5) those directly related to the protection of your own life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests or those of other individuals but for which it is difficult to obtain your consent;
(6) the information collected is disclosed by you to the public on your own;
(7) information collected from legal public disclosure, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(8) necessary for signing or performing contracts at your request;
(9) necessary for maintaining the Mobile Apps or other network platforms; and
(10) other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.
IV.How we share, transfer, or disclose your information
Sharing of personal information
We will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent, except for the following conditions:
1. Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information with third parties as required by laws and regulations, litigation dispute resolution or administrative or judicial authorities, etc.
2. Sharing with authorized partners: To achieve the purposes stated in this Policy, some of our Services will be provided by our partners. Therefore, we may share the personal information you provide to our partners to ensure the provision of relevant Services to you and to improve your user experience. For example, when you participate in a reward program offered by us, we must share your personal information with our partners in order to arrange for the issuance of the reward or to arrange for the partner to provide the service; in order to contact our users to handle disputes, to handle business operations related to personal accounts, or when special business situations require urgent bulk notifications to users, we need to cooperate with outbound calling platforms to share your contact information and notification content to provide customer service to you.
3. Necessary sharing with our affiliates: To facilitate our provision of consistent Services and personalized recommendations to you, we may share personal information among companies that we directly or indirectly control or other affiliates. However, such sharing will be subject to the purposes stated in this Policy. We will share your personal information with our affiliates only as necessary and subject to the purposes stated in this Policy. If our affiliates need to change the purposes for which personal information is used, they will seek your authorized consent separately.
4. Sharing with third-party advertising service providers: To display more relevant advertising content to you, measure and analyze advertising effectiveness, promote our Products in collaboration with our partners, and enable your participation in our activities, we may share your phone number, email address and user ID with third-party advertising service provider. Please note that we share these details with advertising service providers only after applying a hashing process. Hashing is a one-way encryption technique that protects your original information from direct identification. We process this information based on our legitimate interests. We believe that enhancing user experience through relevant advertising while safeguarding user privacy aligns with our legitimate business interests.
If you object to the use of your information for advertising purposes by us or our third-party partners, you can contact us via our company's email address agreed in the Policy, and we will address your request promptly and diligently.
5. In order to protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright owners, and others, including the protection of life or prevention of imminent bodily harm，for example, in emergency situations where someone's life or safety is threatened, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement agencies.
6. When you have questions that we need to answer, complain about us, complain about others or are complained about by others, in order to protect your and those of others’ legitimate rights and interests, we may save your name and contact information, complaints and related communication content in the customer service system provided by the third-party provider and may provide related information to the consumer rights protection department and other regulatory authorities in order to resolve complains and disputes in time, except for the information explicitly prohibited to provide by laws and regulations.
7. We may share your personal information with our accountants, auditors, legal counsels, or similar advisors when we need to obtain professional advice.
8. We may share your personal information in accordance with other agreements between you and us regarding the sharing of personal information.
To achieve the purposes stated in the Policy, we may include third-party software tools in the application and share some of your personal information with such third parties to provide better customer service and experience. Regarding the SDK directory of partners we access and the sharing of personal information, please read the
Statement for Using Third-Party SDK
.
We will only share personal information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and explicit purposes. For companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will require them to handle the information in accordance with our instructions, this Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
At the same time, we will fulfill our legal obligations in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. For example, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient, the purpose and manner of sharing and the type of personal information shared through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, or other means when we share your personal information and obtain your explicit consent; we will also re-solicit your consent if the foregoing information changes.
Transfer of personal information
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except for the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your consent in advance.
2. Required by laws, regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements.
3. If the transfer of personal information is involved in the circumstances of transfer of assets, acquisition, merger, reorganization or bankruptcy liquidation, we will inform you of the relevant situation, and require the new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy. If the purpose for the use of personal information is changed, we will request the companies or organizations to obtain your explicit consent.
Disclosure of personal information
We will disclose personal information only in the following circumstances and subject to security measures that meet industry standards:
1. We will disclose designated information in your expressly specified manner according to your request.
2. We will display the winner's cell phone number or user nickname after desensitizing when announcing the list of certain prizes-winning activities.
3. We may publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with the scope and manner in which we are required to provide your personal information by law, regulation, justice, legal proceedings, or mandatory administrative enforcement requirements of governmental authorities.
4. When we receive a request for disclosure of your personal information based on laws, regulations, judicial, legal procedures, or mandatory administrative enforcement requirements of governmental authorities, we will request reasonable documentation from the relevant authorities making the request to ensure that such requests have a legitimate basis and that the relevant enforcement authorities have a legitimate right and reasonable purpose to obtain your personal information.
V. How we store and protect your information
Storage of personal information
1. Storage Territory: Currently, we may store your information in Hong Kong, China; Singapore; Australia.
2. Storage Period: We will retain your personal information as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Policy, unless the storage of such information is required or permitted by law, regulations or regulatory documents for a longer period, such as the following:
(1) To comply with relevant requirements of applicable laws and regulations.
(2) To comply with a court judgment, ruling or other legal process.
(3) To comply with the requirements of the relevant authorities or legally authorized organizations.
Upon the expiration of retention period, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.
3. Termination of Operation: If we terminate our Service or operation, we will notify you at least thirty days in advance and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of the Service or operation.
Protection of personal information
We attach great importance to information security and take reasonable precautions to protect personal information:
1. We have taken reasonable and practical security measures in line with industry standards to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, destruction or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We take physical, technical and administrative security measures to mitigate the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration, including but not limited to, transport-level data encryption, firewall and encrypted storage, physical access controls, and information access authorization controls. We've set up a security program to protect your information from unauthorized access. For example, all of network communications between you and us is protected with encryption (SSL). Your personal information is encrypted and stored on our server with high strength encryption. We will use a trustworthy protection mechanism to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; we will deploy strict data access authority control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information and avoid illegal access and use of data. In the use of personal information, such as personal information presentation, personal information correlation calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization techniques including content replacement, SHA256 to enhance personal information security. We strengthen the audit of personal information security by adopting automatic code security check and data access log analysis technology.
2. We have an advanced data security management system, which focuses on data life cycle, to improve the security of the whole system from organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and so on. For example, we establish the data classification system, data security management rules and security development rules to regulate the storage and use of personal information. We require all employees to sign a confidentiality agreement. We hold training courses on security and privacy, and strengthens employees' understanding of the importance of protecting personal information and conducts operations in strict accordance with protection requirements by such means as assessment and review as well as including data protection in their daily assessment. We have been certified that we are in conformity with ISO27001/ISO27701/ISO29151/ISO20000 standard, which shows that we are already at the advanced level in the industry in the fields of information security, business continuity and privacy protection.
3. In addition to providing systematic personal data protection, our Security Department - Personal Information Protection Commissioner will act as Data Protection Officer (DPO) to be fully responsible for your data protection.
4. We will take all reasonable and practical measures to avoid collecting unrelated personal information.
5. Please understand that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use our Products and Services in a secure manner and with a sophisticated and reliable password to help us secure your account. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if your account or password is leaked, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this Policy so that we can take appropriate measures.
Security incident disposal
In the event of a security incident such as the leakage of personal information, we will inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations of the basic situation and possible impact of the incident, the measures we have taken or will take, and the recommendations you can take to prevent and mitigate the risks. We will inform you by mail, letter, telephone or push notification. When it is difficult to inform each user one by one, we will take reasonable and effective way to publish announcements. At the same time, we will report the disposal of information security incidents according to regulatory requirements and promptly deal with it in accordance with the regulations to prevent the expansion of the security incident.
Please understand that due to the limitations of technology and risk prevention, even if we have tried to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use may incur problems due to circumstances beyond our control, and it cannot be guaranteed that whether communications with other customers through such as e-mail, instant messaging, social networking software or other service software, are fully encrypted, and we recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools and pay attention to keeping your information secure.
Please make sure you keep your account number, password and other elements of your identity safe. When you use the Mobile Apps, we will use your account number, password and other elements of your identity to identify you. If you disclose the aforementioned information due to your action, you and related subjects may suffer losses and you may be adversely affected. If you discover that your account number, password and/or other elements of your identity may be or have been leaked, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures in time to avoid or mitigate the relevant losses.
VI.How to exercise your rights
Access and correct your personal information
1. You have the right to access and correct your personal information, subject to exceptions provided by laws and regulations. You can access or correct your personal information by clicking on the "My" page and then selecting "Profile".
2. You can manage the binding and unbinding of your account, and access and change information such as your phone number and email address by logging in our app, entering “Me” page and clicking “Settings” in the upper-right corner to “Account Management” and “Security Setting”. You can modify your personal information in “Me” – “Personal Homepage” – “Edit”, including your picture, nickname and profile.
You can modify your login passwords under “Me”- “Settings” – “Security Setting”.
3. You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal information kept in Tiger. You can request a copy by calling our customer service and we will send you a copy to the email address tied to your account within the time limit provided by law. Please note that in some cases we have the right to refuse requests for access to copies of personal information (especially information specifically protected by laws and regulations).
4. If you are unable to access and correct the above information, you can contact the customer service, we will reply to your request within 15 working days.
5. When you want to change your personal information or you find errors in your personal information that may affect our provision of Services or affect your normal transactions on behalf of the relevant subject, or your personal information should be corrected in time in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, you should correct it yourself or contact us to correct in time, otherwise all adverse consequences caused by this shall be borne by you.
Delete your personal information
You can request us to delete your personal information in the following cases, and we will process your request for deletion as soon as practicable after we receive it:
If we process your personal information in a manner contrary to the provisions of relevant law.
If we collect and use your personal information without your consent.
If we process personal information in serious violation of the terms of the agreement with you.
If you no longer use any of our Products or Services, or you take the initiative to close an account.
If we no longer provide any Product or Service to you.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities that receive your personal information from us of the request to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise required by relevant law or regulation, or if they receive your separate authorization. When you remove information from our Services, we may not immediately remove that information from the backup system, but we will remove it when we back up updates.
Change the scope of your authorized consent or revoke your authorization
1. You may change the scope of our continuous collection of personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, turning off the functions of the device or otherwise. You may also revoke our full authorization to continue to collect your personal information by canceling your account.
2. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to complete. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the service for which you withdraw your consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously conducted based on your authorization. Due to technical limitations, laws, regulations, or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all of your requests immediately. We will store your personal information securely and restrict any further processing of it until backups can be erased or anonymization is achieved.
3. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis or related matters, you may opt-out by using the "Unsubscribe" link that would always be contained in the marketing email or contact us by email (support@itiger.com) or through the contact information provided in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Policy.
Management of notifications and personalized pushes and system permission
1．Management of notifications
(1) We provide you with alerts and notifications for news announcements, hot posts and related content so that you are kept up to date with the latest information on the content you are interested in.
(2) You can manage on alerts and notifications in the following scenarios:
APP message push: You can reject our notifications on the interface of "Me" - "Settings" - "Notification Settings " - "App Push" and you can also turn off pop-up ads by clicking the "Skip" or "Close" button on the pop-up ads.
SMS and email notifications: You can reject our notifications on the interface of "Me" - "Settings" - " Notification Settings " - "SMS, email notifications" to refuse us sending you SMS and emails.
Message Center Notification: You can reject our notifications on the interface of  "Me" - "Settings" - "Notification Settings" - "Message Center Notification" to refuse us sending you "Community & News", "Quotation & Trade" and other notifications.
(3) If you do not wish to receive promotional SMS or call-backs from us, you can also unsubscribe via the corresponding unsubscribe function in the message or explicitly decline them in the call-back.
2．Management of personalized push
(1) About personalized recommendation service
We will inform you of the user information collected for personalized recommendation, the way of user feedback and to control information recommendation through this Policy, instant notification (such as pop-ups, prompts, etc.), etc.
We will collect your browsing behavior, browsing time and device information such as clicking, following, favoriting, searching, browsing, sharing, commenting, liking and feedback during your use of the Service, in order to analyze and calculate personalized recommendations, and select content you may be more interested in according to the calculation results. We will provide real-time feedback to the recommendation model based on your browsing behavior during the use of the Product, and constantly adjust and optimize the recommendation results.
The personalized recommendation service we provide mainly includes information recommendation, community content recommendation and advertisement recommendation, etc.
(2) Control and management of personalized recommendation
When you are not interested in the recommended ads, you can click "Skip" or "Close". We also provide a "Feedback" portal to collect your comments and suggestions.
Subscribe to the content you need autonomously: the following channel will show you the accounts you actively choose to follow and you can choose to follow or unfollow the accounts.
When there is no content you are interested in, you can also enter the keywords you like in the search bar, click and read the search results.
3. Management of system permission
(1) You can manage and withdraw the system authorization set by you in the App through [My] - [Settings] - [Privacy Management] - [System Permission Management].
(2) You can enable or disable Auto-Start by you through [Mobile] - [Settings]– [Entitlement Management] - [Auto-Start Management].
(3) Please understand that after you have performed the above actions, we will no longer be able to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, but it will not affect the personal information processing already carried out based on your previous authorization.
Deactivate your account
1. You may apply for the cancellation of your account by:
(1) You can submit your account cancellation request in the " Settings" - " Account Management" - "Account Cancellation" on the "Me" page；
(2) Contact our customer service staff for assistance in applying to cancel your account.
2. After Customer Service has verified your identity and your account cancellation request, and has confirmed that there are no outstanding disputes on your account, your cancellation request will be processed and your account will be cancelled in accordance with your request within fifteen working days. After your account has been cancelled, we will cease to provide you with products or services. Unless otherwise required by law or regulation, we will delete or anonymize your personal information at your request.
3.
We would like to remind you that your registered information and benefits will be lost after account cancellation and your account cannot be restored, nor can you retrieve any content or information related to your account; The cancellation of your account may cause inconvenience to you in terms of after-sales service or maintenance, so please back up all information related to your account and all kinds of bills and documents before you do so.
Respond to your request above
For security, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise certify your identity. We will respond to your request within fifteen working days after receiving your feedback on identity verification and completing the verification. If you are not satisfied, you can additionally seek an external resolution mechanism by using the means provided in “How to contact us” below.
For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated, beyond the reasonable limit of the request, we may refuse or as appropriate charge a certain cost. We may reject requests that are repetitive, require excessive technical means (for example, requiring the development of new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose a risk to the legal rights of others or are highly impractical (for example, in relation to information stored on backup tapes).
We shall have the right to reject your request in accordance with relevant laws and regulations in the following circumstances:
1. those related to the fulfillment of laws, regulations and supervisory rules;
2. those directly related to national security and national defense security;
3. those directly related to public safety, public health and significant public interests;
4. those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
5. where there is sufficient evidence of subjective malice or abuse of your rights;
6. those directly related to the protection of your own life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests or those of other individuals but for which it is difficult to obtain your consent;
7. those responding to your request would result in serious harm to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
8. those commercial secrets are involved.
VII. Third party websites and services
Our mobile applications may link to the links or other services provided by third parties (including websites or other forms of services).
You may use your Tiger account to log into third party platforms. With your consent, the third party may collect your personal information (including your avatar, nickname, and your log information) and may install automatic data collection tools on your device in order to function properly as described above.
The third-party services mentioned above are operated by the relevant third parties. This Policy applies only to the personal information we collect and does not apply to services provided by any third parties or their rules governing the use of information. Your use of such third-party services and any information you provide to such third parties will be subject to the third parties' terms of service and their personal information protection rules (and not this Policy), and you should read their terms and conditions carefully, judge the risks and make your own decisions about whether to accept, use the third parties’ services or provide information to third parties. If you find that there are risks associated with these third-party services, you are advised to terminate the operation to protect your legitimate interests.
VIII. Cross-border transmission of personal information
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in Hong Kong, China, Singapore or Australia, where we have facilities or engage service providers. By using the Services, you understand that your information will be transferred to Hong Kong, China or Singapore, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country of residence. To the extent that we need to transfer your personal information collected and processed under this Policy to other countries for business or administrative purposes (including making your personal information accessible to other jurisdictions), we will meet the necessary pre-requisites and fulfill the corresponding legal obligations in strict compliance with laws and regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities before such transfer, including informing you of the name and contact details of the foreign recipient, the purpose and manner of the transfer, the type of personal information to be transferred, the manner and procedure by which you can exercise your rights with the foreign recipient and obtaining your separate consent. Although other countries have different data protection laws, we will ensure that your personal information is protected in other countries in the same way as it is in your country of residence.
If you visit the service platforms and pages of international brokers or third parties to obtain their products or services, the international brokers or third parties may provide their products or services through resources and servers around the world.
If you wish to obtain such products or services, you may need to provide the relevant information directly to the international brokers or third parties according to the demand for the relevant products or services. Please refer to the relevant parts of this Policy to determine your own risk and decide whether to accept, use or provide information to international brokers or third parties in relation to such products or services. Products or services provided to you by international brokers or third parties are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
IX. Special protection for minors
The Service is not intended for minors, and minors are not permitted to use our services. We do not intentionally collect personal information from minors. If you believe that we may have unknowingly collected information from your child or ward under the age of eighteen or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction, please contact us in accordance with “How to contact us” of this Policy and we will delete such information immediately.
X. Notices and Amendments
We may amend this Policy from time to time in light of developments in our products or services and relevant requirements of law and regulation. Any modified or amended terms of this Policy will become effective on the effective date stated in the modified version or the date of announcement.
After the amendment of this Policy, you have the right to choose to accept the updated personal information protection policy or to stop using the Mobile Apps. If you continue to use it, you are deemed to have fully read, understood, and accepted the revised personal information protection policy.
To fully protect your legal rights and keep you informed of our latest information on personal information protection, we will post an updated version of this Policy on the mobile application page, The specific path is: "Me → Settings → Privacy Management → Privacy Policy".
We will also provide more prominent notice of material changes (including through public announcements or pop-ups). If such changes involve the purpose of processing personal information, processing methods and types of personal information processed, your consent will be obtained again. Please also visit our Policy page from time to time to
keep up with our latest privacy policy.
Material changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
1. Our service model has changed significantly. For example, the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way to use personal information, etc.;
2. We have a significant change in control and other aspects, such as the information controller change caused by mergers and acquisitions;
3. Changes to the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information;
4. There are significant changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way in which you exercise such right;
5. Changes in the department, contact information and complaint channel responsible for handling personal information security;
6. Personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk.
XI. How to contact us
You may contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection policies and procedures, or if you wish to make any request, in the following manner:
Tiger Fintech (Singapore) Pte. Ltd:dpo@tigerbrokers.com.sg
TTMF Limited:dpo@tigertrade.app
We also have the Security Department, which you can contact by sending an email via security@itiger.com.
We will generally respond to your request within 15 working days after receiving your comments. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information handling practices have harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file a complaint or report to the regulatory authorities of your country of residence.
XII.Special Section for Certain Jurisdictions
Singapore
This Section applies for users located in Singapore:
We supplement or revise this section in accordance with the applicable data privacy laws, regulations, and regulations of the local data privacy regulatory authorities in Singapore (collectively referred to as "Applicable Laws"). In the event of any inconsistency between the Privacy Policy and this Section, this Section shall take precedence in relation to our processing of your personal information. Please note that, in this context, "processing" includes activities such as collection, recording, organization, storage, updating or modification, retrieval, querying, use, merging, blocking, deletion, or destruction of personal data.
Your right
As a user located in Singapore, you may also have the following rights:
Right to be informed
Right to access
Right to rectification
Right to withdraw consent
Right to data portability
When you request the correction of your personal information, we will respond to your request within 30 days using written communication.
You can refer to the "How we share your information" section above for more detailed information.
We implement reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, or disposal, or similar risks. We also take precautions to prevent the loss of personal data storage media or devices. In the event that we become aware of a data breach that may cause or has caused significant harm to affected individuals or is of significant scale, we will notify the relevant authorities within three (3) calendar days and appropriately notify the affected individuals' data in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws.
Australia
This Section applies for users located in Australia:
When collecting, using, disclosing, and otherwise managing your personal information, we will strictly adhere to the Privacy Act 1988.
We take reasonable measures to ensure that third-party recipients of your personal information located outside of Australia handle your personal information in a manner consistent with Australian privacy laws. However, you hereby acknowledge that we cannot control the actions or omissions of these third-party recipients and we do not assume any responsibility for them. You can refer to the "How we share your information" section above for more detailed information.
Your rights
If you make a request to us regarding your rights to your personal information, and you are not satisfied with our response, you can contact us by sending an email.
Hongkong SAR
This Section applies for users located in Hongkong SAR:
If you are a user located in Hong Kong SAR, this Section applies to our collection, processing, and use of your personal information. Please note that if you refuse to provide us with your personal information, you may not be able to use the Services.
Your right
You have the right to request access to and correction of your personal information held by us. You also have the right to request us to cease using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You can exercise these rights by contacting us  by sending an email.
New Zealand
This Section applies for users located in New Zealand:
We will collect, process, and use your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and relevant data and privacy protection laws.
Your right
You have the right to know how your personal information is being processed. Additionally, you can request access to or correction of your personal information by contacting us by sending an email.
If the download button clicks without skipping, click on the top right menu and select "Open in Browser."
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ttm.financial/agreement/gpt?lang=en_US:
TigerGPT Service Agreement and Privacy Statement
Effective Date: October 20, 2023.
1. Introduction
1.1
You are welcome to use the “TigerGPT” product and services (hereinafter refers to as "
TigerGPT
"or"
the Services
") provided by TTMF Limited and its related companies (hereinafter refers to as "
TTMF
", "
We" or "Us"
).
1.2
Before using the Services, please read carefully and fully understand this TigerGPT Service Agreement and Privacy Statement, and any related agreements, terms, rules, announcements, notices, and other documents released separately by us (hereinafter refers to as "
the Agreement
"),
especially the bold parts
. These agreements are binding contracts between you and TigerGPT. If you click to agree to the Agreement or start using the Services (including registration, login, etc.), the Agreement governs your access to and use of the Services.
2. Definitions
2.1
TigerGPT
The full name is "Tiger Generative Pre-Trained Transformer", which refers to the intelligent dialogue robot or AI assistant that integrates Azure OpenAI into our “TIGER TRADE” APP, software for PC, and TTM website (
https://ttm.financial
) for the purpose of providing the Services.
2.2
Resource Database
It refers to text, image, voice, video, and other resource data provided by us and other third parties, which TigerGPT relies on or references for providing intelligent dialogue services.
2.3
Confidential Information
It means information about either party’s business affairs, products, confidential intellectual property, trade secrets, third-party confidential information, and other sensitive or proprietary information, whether orally or in written, electronic, or other form or media, whether marked, designated, or otherwise identified as “confidential” at the time of disclosure. Confidential Information does not include information that, at the time of disclosure is: (a) in the public domain; (b) known to the receiving party; (c) rightfully obtained by the receiving party on a non-confidential basis from a third party; or (d) independently developed by the receiving party.
2.4
Customer Content
It means any content, including profile information, comments, questions, input content, and other content in any form or medium, that is submitted, posted, displayed, transmitted, or otherwise made available on the Services by or on behalf of you. For the avoidance of doubt, output, copies, reproductions, and other derivative works generated by your use of the Services as expressly permitted hereunder which are derived from Customer Content are themselves also Customer Content.
2.5
Intellectual Property Rights
It means all patent rights, copyright rights, mask work rights, moral rights, rights of publicity, trademark, trade dress and service mark rights, goodwill, trade secret rights and other intellectual property rights as may now exist or hereafter come into existence, and all applications therefore and registrations, renewals, and extensions thereof, under the laws of any state, country, territory, or other jurisdiction.
3. Service
3.1 Operating Modes
TigerGPT is based on a machine-trained model that combines your input with our and third-party's Resource Databases to simulate human-generated content and return output. The specific functionalities and services of TigerGPT are subject to the actual presentation we provide .
3.2 Service Content
TigerGPT provides you with the following services: including but not limited to, data query services (such as financial encyclopedia, company encyclopedia, market data, financial data, etc.), information summary and analysis services, etc. For the avoidance of doubt, we reserve the right to change the functionalities of the Services from time to time, and the specific content and matters of the Services shall be subject to the actual presentation we provide.
3.3 Users of the Service
The Services are only available to registered users. You may not use the Services without registering an account. You are responsible for keeping your passwords and access credentials associated with the Services confidential. You will not sell or transfer them to any other person or entity. You will promptly notify us about any unauthorized access to your account, passwords or access credentials.
3.4 Service Fee
We currently provide the Services to you free of charge. We reserve the right to charge you or add fee-charging features and functionalities in future Services. If subsequent charges are involved, we will inform you in writing and obtain your individual consent. If we decide to charge fees, we will notify you beforehand and clearly indicate the charging items, charging methods and taxes (if applicable). Be sure to read the relevant charging rules carefully before confirming your acceptance. If you refuse to accept the charging rules, you will not be able to use the Services afterward. If you continue to use the Services, it will be deemed that you have accepted the relevant charging rules, and shall pay the corresponding fees in accordance with the charging rules.
3.5 Third-Party Products
The Services may permit access to Third-Party Products. For purposes of the Agreement, such Third-Party Products are subject to their own terms and conditions presented to you for acceptance within the Services. If you do not agree to abide by the applicable terms and conditions of any such Third-Party Products, then you should not install, access, or use such products. We do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such products. If you access a Third-Party Product from the Services or share your Customer Content on or through any third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that the Agreement do not apply to your use of such sites or services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of Third-Party Products, including without limitation Customer Content submitted by other Users. Additionally, your dealings with or participation in promotions of advertisers found on the Services, are solely between you and such advertisers. You agree that we shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to your dealings with such advertisers.
3.6 TigerGPT is Provided AS-IS
TigerGPT is provided AS-AVAILABLE and AS-IS, without warranty or any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, warranties of title of non-infringement or the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We may discontinue or alter all or a portion of the website and any related services or offerings, at any time without notice. We may also suspend or terminate any user’s access at any time for any reason or no reason. In the event that TigerGPT contains any numerical or clerical errors or typos, inaccurate or outdated information, or other errors, we reserve the right to correct such errors and are not required to honor any such information or data provided in error. Although TigerGPT may provide links to third-party websites, products or services, we are not responsible or liable for such third-party websites, products or services.
3.7 Avoid discriminatory content generation
We will take necessary measures in the design, training, model generation and optimization, and provision of the Services to avoid TigerGPT generating discriminatory content that attacks, denigrates, intimidates, degrades, targets, or excludes individuals or groups on the basis of traits such as race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, etc..
4. Usage Requirements
4.1 Input Content Requirements
You agree and guarantee not to use TigerGPT to upload, publish, transmit, disseminate, or store the following prohibited content:
Violating laws and regulations.
Violation of securities regulations and relevant exchange rules.
Harassing information, excessive marketing information, spam, false information, or inaccurate information.
Infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others, such as reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, personal information, and privacy rights.
Those that affect the user experience or disrupt the order.
Suspected of improper business operations.
Violating the principles of fairness, integrity, and friendliness.
Violating national policies, public order, and good morals, or interfering with the normal operation of the Services.
Other violations of
TTM Service Agreement
.
4.2 Usage Restrictions
4.2.1 You shall meet the eligibility and qualification requirements of the Services under this Agreement and comply with all applicable laws, regulations and the Agreement when using the Services.
4.2.2 You may not (i) use the Services in a way that infringes, misappropriates or violates any person’s rights or interests; (ii) reverse assemble, reverse compile, decompile, translate or otherwise attempt to discover the source code or underlying components of models, algorithms, and systems of the Services; (iii) use the Services to develop foundation models or other large scale models that compete with TigerGPT; (iv) use any method to extract data from the Services, including prompt injection attack, web scraping, web harvesting, or web data extraction methods; (v) represent that output from the Services was human-generated when it is not; or (vi) use TigerGPT in such a way that could overburden, attack, damage, or otherwise negatively impact the performance of TigerGPT, or any other user's use of TigerGPT. We reserve the right to terminate your use of TigerGPT or any related application for violating any of the prohibited uses.
4.3 Action Management
4.3.1 We reserve the right to review your actions or the content you upload or publish. In case we find out that any of your actions or the content you uploaded, input or published violates applicable laws and regulations or the provisions of the Agreement, or allegedly infringes on the rights and interests of third parties, we reserve the right to take measures immediately, including without limitation cutting off the transmitted content, saving the transmission records, closing the user account or deleting the link of infringement, and we may report the same to the competent supervision authority if necessary or required by law. Any consequences and losses due to the above mentioned shall be completely borne by yourself.
4.3.2 If you have any objections to the measures we have taken, please send an email to uservice@ttm.financial for appeal. After verification by us, if it is evidenced that your words and behaviors do not violate laws and regulations, related rules and the provisions of the Agreement, we will not take or cancel the corresponding measures.
5. Intellectual Property
5.1 Intellectual Property of TigerGPT
We enjoy independent and complete ownership and intellectual property of the software, programs, product structures and designs used in the Services. Any person shall neither arbitrarily use, modify, reproduce, broadcast, restructure, spread, issue, publish, restore, or decode the Services without authorization, nor conduct reverse compiling to the Services or launch a prompt injection attack to obtain the source code, extract the essential parts of the Services for other applications or obtain the prompts setup or composed by Us, otherwise it shall be deemed as an infringement.
5.2 Intellectual Property of Input Content
5.2.1 The term of “input” as a verb includes, but not limited to, inputting providing, publishing, uploading, submitting and any other actions which may make content available on the Services.
5.2.2 When you have inputted content into TigerGPT, you warrant and declare that you own or otherwise control all the rights to the content you inputted. This includes, but not limited to, all the rights necessary for you to input the content. You shall ensure that none of the information input into TigerGPT, all data uploaded in the process of using the Services, the use of the Services or the materials involved will not infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of any third party.
5.2.3 You will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates, and our personnel, from and against any claims, losses, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or relating to any content you may input and your breach of this Agreement or violation of applicable law. We are under no obligation to publish or use any content you may input, and we may remove any content at any time at our discretion.
5.2.4 When you input original content into TigerGPT, a non-exclusive, irrevocable, permanent and free right to use the content is granted to us. We reserve the right to use such content for TigerGPT-related products and services, including advertising and promotion, application software, etc.
5.3 Intellectual Property of Output Content
5.3.1 TigerGPT, as a service powered by machine language models, may generate the same or similar output content even the corresponding inputs are different. Due to the nature of machine learning, output content may not be unique across users. For example, you may provide input to a model such as “What color is the sky?” and receive output such as “The sky is blue.” Other users may also input similar content and receive the same output content.
5.3.2 We and/or the owners of the resource databases have the ownership and intellectual property rights of all output content. The output content is for reference only and shall not be used for commercial purposes without the permission of the right holder. If you republish and use the output content for non-commercial purposes, you must not mislead others as to the nature of the output content. For example, you may not tell others that the output content was entirely human generated or that the output content is a real event.
5.3.3 Without the permission of the right holder, anyone shall not delete, hide, modify or replace any proprietary rights statement (including but not limited to copyright, trademark right, patent, ownership statement, etc.) and any other links or announcements in any way, which is attached to or contained in the Services and any content presented.
5.4 Intellectual Property Complaints
5.4.1 How to File a Complaint
You should fully understand that TigerGPT is based on our and third-party resource databases. If you believe your intellectual property rights have been infringed on, please send an email to uservice@ttm.financial and provide the appropriate supporting documents as required. We will check the source of the suspected infringing content and take appropriate measures according to different circumstances.
5.4.2 Documents You Need to Provide in Support
Certificate of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed on.
Copy of the materials on the Services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove.
Sufficient information to permit us to locate such materials.
Your contact information and email address.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the disputed materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and that you are the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner, and you are willing to accept the penalty of perjury.
6. Data Protection
6.1 Data Collection, Use and Protection
6.1.1 In order to provide you with the Services, we will collect data that you voluntarily provide to us and data that is automatically generated when you use the Services. When you have an interactive conversation with TigerGPT, we collect the text conversation information you input(hereinafter referred to as “your input content”), and use your input content to generate the output content in order to provide the Services. If you refuse our collection and processing of your input content, we may not be able to provide you with the Services.
6.1.2 During the interactive conversation, if you evaluate the output content generated by TigerGPT, we will collect your evaluation information, including the reasons for your unsolicited error reports, in order to continuously improve the quality of TigerGPT's output content. If you refuse our collection and processing of the evaluation information, please do not submit your evaluation. Your refusal of our collection and processing of the evaluation information will not affect the basic functionality of the Services.
6.1.3 We will collect and process aforementioned information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services and for other similar purposes，but we will anonymize or de-identify your data (so that it is no longer associated with you) and use the aforementioned information to these purposes.
6.1.4 We do not profile or provide your input content to others based on your input and usage without authorization, and we do not use your personal information, personal privacy, confidential information or any other information which is considered to be private or confidential for training models.
6.1.5 In order to comply with relevant laws and regulations, to provide you with a continuous and consistent experience of use and safeguard the quality of the Services, we may retain the data that you voluntarily provide to us and data that is automatically generated when you use the Services, as appropriate. The retention periods will be different depending on factors such as quantity, type, sensitivity, the risk of harm from unauthorized access, use or sharing, the purposes for which we process the data and any legal requirement. In general, we will retain your historical text conversation information(input content and output content) for 24 hours.
6.1.6 To process your information as described in this Agreement, we rely on the following legal bases involving contractual necessity, legitimate interests, consent, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations:
Contractual necessity: To offer the Services to you.
Legitimate interests:
(i) To improve TigerGPT's understanding of your input content.
(ii) To continuously improve the speed and quality of TigerGPT's recognition and output content.
(iii) To enhance TigerGPT's intelligence.
(iv) To analyze the effectiveness of our Services.
(v) To improve and add features to our Services.
Consent: Collect emulation information to continuously improve the quality of TigerGPT’s output content.
6.1.7 To protect the security of personal data and the privacy of yours and others, personal data or personal privacy is prohibited from being inputted when you use the Services, including but not limited to:
Contact information, including real name, telephone number, email address and residence address, etc.
Identification information, including ID numbers, passport numbers, driving license numbers, national insurance numbers or other types of government-issued identification numbers, documents or information, etc.
Account information: information relating to bank accounts, credit cards and other financial accounts.
Other content that relates to personal information or privacy.
If you accidently or unconsciously input your personal data or privacy during the usage of the Services, you may contact us by uservice@ttm.financial to delete such personal data or privacy.
6.1.8 Personal Information Protection for Minors. The Services are not targeted for minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors. If you are a minor in your jurisdiction, please do not use the Services or submit any personal information to us. If you believe that we may have unknowingly collected information from your child or ward under the age of eighteen, please emailing us on uservice@ttm.financial and we will delete such information.
6.1.9 We will share some of your input content with Microsoft for providing the Services. We will not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing or commercial purposes.
6.1.10 For our additional processing and protection measures regarding your data and privacy, and your rights, please refer to the
TTM Privacy Policy
.
6.2 The Third Party's Data Protection
For the third party's processing and protection measures for your data and privacy , please refer to the third-party Privacy Policy:
Data, privacy, and security for Azure OpenAI Service
,
etc.
6.3 Your Obligations of Confidentiality
6.3.1 You may be given access to Confidential Information of us and other third parties. You may use Confidential Information only as needed to use the Services as permitted under this Agreement. You may not disclose Confidential Information to any third party, and you will protect Confidential Information in the same manner as you protect your own confidential information of a similar nature, using at least reasonable care.
6.3.2 Confidential Information does not include information that: (i) is or becomes generally available to the public through no fault of yours; (ii) you already possess without any confidentiality obligations when you receive it under this Agreement; (iii) is rightfully disclosed to you by a third party without any confidentiality obligations; or (iv) you independently developed without using Confidential Information. You may disclose Confidential Information when required by law or the valid order of a court or other governmental authority if you give reasonable prior written notice to us and use reasonable efforts to limit the scope of disclosure, including assisting us with challenging the disclosure requirement, in each case where possible.
7. Liability
7.1
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold harmless TTMF and our respective officers, directors and employees immediately upon demand from and against all claims, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including legal fees and other charges whatsoever, howsoever caused, that may arise as a result of: (i) any breach of the Agreement by you or (ii) violation by you of any law or the rights of any third party.
7.2
Without prejudice to any other rights in the Agreement, if you breach in whole or in part any provision contained herein, we reserve the right to take appropriate actions, including but not limited to, terminating any agreement in place with you, terminating or blocking the Services to you and/or taking legal action against you.
8. Risk Warning
8.1 The output content provided by the Services is for learning, reference, sharing and interaction purposes only and we do not guarantee its reliability, accuracy or timeliness, nor do we indicate that we confirm its description or endorse its views. Please note that any output content from TigerGPT does not constitute a forecast, promise of investment returns, investment advice or other practical operational advice. You shall fully understand the relevant risks of transactions, and from the perspective of a rational person, make an objective judgment on your own economic capability, sources of funds and risk tolerance, and carefully determine the investment objectives, investment amount and financial products. We will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on such information. We do not recommend the use of technical analysis as a sole means of trading decisions. We do not recommend making hurried trading decisions. You should always understand that past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
8.2 Please note that we only act as a technical service provider, and the services related to the promotion and sale of securities and financial products are provided to you directly by third-party institutions. Before you jump to the third-party institutions' platforms to invest or trade securities and financial products online through the links or portals provided by TigerGPT service, you need to ensure that you comply with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, the agreements or requirements of the third-party institutions, and must take the initiative to understand the specific information and agreement documents of relevant securities and financial products, and confirm that you have the corresponding risk identification ability and risk tolerance, otherwise, please do not make any investment or trading behavior. Please note that any securities and financial products are subject to certain risks (including risk of regulatory，default, loss of principal and return,  transaction, technical and risk due to force majeure, etc.) and you voluntarily assume such risks, and we shall not be liable for any losses (if any) resulting from your investment in securities and financial products. Any business inquiries, complaints or disputes related to securities and financial products shall be handled by the third-party institutions themselves and we shall not be responsible.
9. Disclaimers
9.1
Except to the extent prohibited by law, we make no warranties (express, implied, statutory or otherwise) with respect to the Services, and disclaim all warranties including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, satisfactory quality, non-infringement, and quiet enjoyment, and any warranties arising out of any course of dealing or trade usage. We do not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or error free, or that any content will be secure or not lost or altered. The output content provided in the Services shall not be considered as Internet news information, nor is it a substitute for professionals in the field to answer your questions.
Special note: We do not guarantee the truth, adequacy, reliability, completeness, accuracy and validity of the output content provided in the Services.
9.2 The third party is responsible for resolving any disputes arising from its resource databases, software or technical services provided by the third party and we are not responsible for any disputes arising from such services. We do not provide customer support for resource databases, software or technical services provided by the third party. If you require such support, please contact the third party.
9.3
The Services contains hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties.
Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only. You agree not to hold us responsible for the content or operations of such websites. A hyperlink from our product to another website does not imply that we endorse the content on that website or the operator or operations of that website. You are solely responsible for determining the extent to which you may use any such content or website. You acknowledge that your use of any third-party website and/or software is subject to the applicable third-party terms and conditions, and you further agree not to hold us liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such use by yourself.
9.4
We will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, or data or other losses, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Our aggregate liability under this Agreement shall be limited to the amount of money you transferred to us in relation to the transaction.
9.5
You understand and agree that during the use of Services, we may encounter force majeure ( for objective events that cannot be foreseen, overcome, avoided and have a significant impact on one or both parties), technical risks and other factors that interrupt the service, in the following cases, we will strive to cooperate with the relevant units in the first instance to repair in a timely manner, but the resulting losses to you we are exempt from liability to the extent permitted by law:
Force majeure factors such as floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, epidemics, strikes, riots, wars, governmental actions, judicial and administrative orders, etc;
Failure of computer software, systems, hardware and communication lines of you, the product or third party organizations or other reasons that prevent you from using our services;
Due to public service factors such as power supply failure, communication network failure (including but not limited to, failure or delay in communicating electronic communications, interception or manipulation of electronic communications by computer programs used for electronic communications) or your own factors (including but not limited to, your improper operation, incorrect order placement, use of this product service through means not authorized by this product) or third party factors (including but not limited to, damage by computer viruses, Trojan horse or other malicious programs, hacker attacks and other wrong operations);
Factors such as routine or emergency equipment and system maintenance, equipment and system failure, defects, network and data security, technical risks, etc., when we have exercised good faith management; and
other circumstances beyond our control or not reasonably foreseeable.
9.6
During your use of the Services, we are not responsible for the following risks:
Information from others, anonymously or impersonally, that contains threatening, defamatory, objectionable or unlawful content; and
Misleading, deceptive or otherwise causing any psychological or physical harm as well as financial loss suffered by others.
9.7
If you add TigerGPT to a third-party group chat, social media or and other platforms（hereinafter referred to as the "Third Party Platforms"）, please ensure that the members of Third Party Platforms who are using TigerGPT are clearly understand, agree to and strictly comply with this Agreement. The use of data in Third Party Platforms may be subject to different privacy policies and regulations. You and relevant members should carefully understand, agree to and abide by the privacy policies of Third Party Platforms. You and the members of Third Party Platforms should comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, this Agreement and the agreements of Third Party Platforms. It is prohibited to use TigerGPT to conduct any activities that are illegal, in breach of contract, or infringement of rights and interests of others , or else the resulting liability shall be borne by you and not by us. We are not responsible for any behavior, content or interaction in Third Party Platforms, and are especially not responsible for related stock recommendation, customer solicitation, provision of false information, etc.
9.8
During your use of the Services, we reserve the right to deal with illegal and unlawful content within the limits of law, but it does not constitute an obligation or commitment on our part.
9.9
You understand and acknowledge that we may need to carry out periodic or occasional maintenance or repair of the platform or related equipment on which the product is located, and that we shall not be liable for any interruption of service for a reasonable period of time due to such circumstances, but we shall give prior notice.
10. Modification & Termination
10.1 Modification of Agreement
10.1.1
The Agreement shall take effect from the date you agree to the Agreement online or start using the Services.
The Agreement shall remain in effect except in the event of termination as agreed herein.
10.1.2 For the purpose of complying with regulatory policies, improving the experience of the Services or any other reasonable purpose, we have the right to modify or amend the content of the Agreement in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations, and shall announce such modification or amendment by email, client software, website or other lawful manners. Please notice the relevant update reminders anytime. Any modified or amended terms shall take effect upon the effective date agreed in the Agreement or the date of announcement.
10.1.3 If you continue to use the Services after the Agreement is modified or amended, it shall be deemed as that you have read, understood and accepted the terms upon modification or amendment. If you refuse to accept the modified or amended Agreement, you shall immediately stop using the Services and the related services or promptly inform us of your concerns. We will provide you with a solution.
10.2 Change/Interruption/Termination of the Service
10.2.1 Under any of the circumstances below, we reserve the right to immediately change, interrupt or terminate the Services without any liability for breach of the Agreement:
When your behavior violates the Agreement; or
Due to force majeure that we fail to continue to provide the Services.
10.2.2 If you refuse to accept the modified or amended terms of the Agreement or stop using the Services actively or otherwise indicate that you will no longer use the Services, we will terminate the Services.
10.2.3 We have the right to change, suspend or terminate the Services or any part thereof (including but not limited to offline, iteration and integration of the Services) according to our business needs and operational arrangements, and we will take necessary measures to notify you to protect your legitimate rights and interests.
10.2.4 You agree that when we suspend, interrupt or terminate the Services to you, we have the right to report to the relevant authorities in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations for any violation of the laws and regulations or the Agreement. You shall be solely responsible for all legal liabilities arising therefrom; you shall also compensate us for any losses suffered as a result.
10.2.5 The termination of the Services under the Agreement shall not affect the performance of any obligations or the exercise of any rights under the Agreement that were outstanding prior to the termination of the Services.
11. Dispute Settlement
11.1 Applicable law
The Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), without regard to conflicts of law principles thereof. This is the case regardless of whether you reside or transact business with TTMF anywhere else in the world.
11.2 Exclusive Court Jurisdiction
You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the BVI to settle any dispute, which may arise in relation thereto.
12. Miscellaneous
12.1 Integrity
The Agreement is part of the
TTM Service Agreement
,
TTM Privacy Policy
and has the same legal effect as the TTM Service Agreement, TTM Privacy Policy. Matters relating to the Services not expressly agreed in the Agreement shall be governed by the TTM Service Agreement and TTM Privacy Policy.
12.2 Construction and Interpretation
Words in the singular mean and include the plural and vice versa.
Any words in this Agreement following the expression including, include or in particular, or any similar expression, are to be construed as illustrative and do not limit the sense of the words preceding that expression.
12.3 Severability
If any provision of the Agreement shall for whatever reason be wholly or partly invalid or unenforceable or contrary to any applicable law, such provision shall automatically be void; but the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall remain in effect.
12.4 Language
The Agreement is written in both English and Chinese versions. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the different versions, the English version shall prevail.
12.5 Notification
We may use electronic means to send you notifications. The electronic means include but not limited to platform announcements, pop-up windows, site letter, e-mail, SMS and other means.
12.6 Contact Us
For any questions regarding the Agreement and the usage of the Services, you may contact us via the following ways:
E-mail address: uservice@ttm.financial
TTMF Limited address: Sertus Chambers, P.O. Box 905, Quastisky Building, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
TigerGPT服务协议及隐私声明
生效日期：2023年10月20日
一、引言
1. 欢迎您使用TTMF Limited 及其关联公司（以下简称“TTMF“或”我们”）提供的“TigerGPT”产品与服务（以下简称“TigerGPT”或“本服务”）。
2. 在您使用本服务前，请您务必审慎阅读、充分理解本服务协议及隐私声明的各条款内容及我们另行发布的适用于本服务的各协议、条款、规则、公告、通知等文件（以下简称“本协议”），
特别是以粗体方式显著标识的条款
。这些协议构成您与TigerGPT之间具有约束力的法律文件。一旦您点击同意本协议或开始使用本服务（包括注册、登录等行为），您的访问与使用行为就受此协议约束。
二、定义
1. TigerGPT
全称“Tiger Generative Pre-Trained Transformer”，是指我们将Azure OpenAI集成至“TIGER TRADE”APP和PC客户端软件、TTM网站(
http://ttm.financial
)
等产品中进而向您提供服务的智能对话机器人或智能助手。
2. 资源数据库
是指TigerGPT提供智能对话服务所依托、引用的资源数据，包括我们及第三方提供的资源数据，形式上分为文字、图片、语音、视频等。
3. 保密信息
是指任何一方的商务活动、产品、机密知识产权、商业秘密、第三方机密信息以及其他敏感或专有信息，包括口头、书面、电子或其他形式，以及无论在披露时是否标记、指定或以其他方式标识为“机密”。保密信息不包括在披露时为：(a)公共领域的信息；(b)为接收方所知的信息；(c)接收方在非保密的基础上从第三方合法获得的信息；或(d)由接收方独立掌握的信息。
4. 用户内容
是指由您或您的代表在本服务上提交、发布、显示、传输或以其他方式提供的任何内容，包括个人资料信息、评论、问题、输入内容以及任何形式的其他内容。为免生疑问，您在本协议明确允许的情况下使用本服务而产生的输出内容、副本、复制品以及其他衍生自“用户内容”的内容，也属于“用户内容”。
5. 知识产权
是指根据任何州、国家、地区或其他司法管辖区的法律，现在存在或将来可能存在的所有专利权、版权、掩模作品权、精神权、公开权、商标权、商业外观和服务标记权、商誉权、商业秘密权和其他知识产权，以及因此产生的所有申请、注册、续展和延期。
三、服务
1.
服务方式
TigerGPT基于机训练模型，结合您输入的内容、我们及第三方的资源数据库，模拟人类生成和返回输出内容。TigerGPT的具体功能形态和服务方式以本服务实际展示为准。
2.
服务内容
TigerGPT向您提供如下服务：数据查询服务（如：财经百科、公司百科、行情数据、财报数据等）、资讯汇总分析服务等。为免疑义，我们保留适时变更服务功能的权利，具体服务内容及事项以我们届时实际提供的服务内容为准。
3.
服务对象
本服务仅向已注册用户提供，未经注册，不得使用本服务。您应对与本服务相关的密码和访问凭证保密，不得将其出售或转让给任何其他个人或实体。对于任何未经授权访问您的账户、密码或访问凭证的行为，您应立即通知我们。
4.
服务费用
目前我们向您免费提供TigerGPT服务。我们保留未来向您收费或添加收费功能的权利。
如后续涉及收费，我们将书面通知您并经过您的单独同意。
如果我们决定收费，将事先通知您并清晰表明收费项目、收费方式、税费等情况（如适用）。请您在确认接受服务前务必仔细阅读相关收费规则。如您拒绝该收费规则，在此之后将无法使用该项收费服务，如您继续使用该项服务，则视为您接受相关收费规则，您应当遵照收费规则向我们支付相应的费用。
5.
第三方产品
本服务可能允许您访问第三方产品。就本协议而言，此类第三方产品受其在服务中提供给您的适用条款和条件的约束。如果您不同意遵守任何此类产品的适用条款和条件，则您不应安装、访问或使用此类产品。我们不为任何此类产品背书或承担任何责任。如果您通过本服务访问第三方产品，或在任何第三方网站或服务上或通过它共享您的用户内容，您将自行承担风险，并且您理解本协议不适用于您对此类网站或服务的使用。您明确免除我们因您使用第三方产品（包括但不限于其他用户提交的用户内容）而产生的任何责任。此外，您与本服务中发现的广告商交易或参与它的促销推广活动，此交易仅限于您与该广告商之间。您同意我们不对与该交易任何有关的损失或损害负责。
6.
TigerGPT 按原状提供
TigerGPT 按“原状”提供，不提供任何形式的明示或暗示保证，包括但不限于不侵权的所有权保证、适销性或适合特定用途的默示保证。我们可随时停止或更改全部或部分网站以及任何相关服务或产品，恕不另行通知。我们也可能在任何时间以任何理由或无理由暂停或终止任何用户的访问权限。如果 TigerGPT 包含任何数字、书写或拼写错误，不准确或过时的信息，或其他错误，我们保留更正此类错误的权利，并且无需遵守错误提供的任何此类信息或数据。尽管 TigerGPT 可能会提供第三方网站、产品或服务的链接，但我们不对此类第三方网站、产品或服务承担任何责任或义务。
7.
避免歧视性内容生成
我们将在本服务的设计、训练、模型生成与优化以及服务提供等环节采取必要的措施，避免TigerGPT基于种族、国别、性别、性取向等基本特征而生成带有攻击、诋毁、恐吓、针对或排斥个人或群体的歧视性内容。
四、使用要求
1.
输入内容要求
您同意并确保不利用本服务上传、发布、传送、传播、储存下列禁止内容：
1) 违反法律法规的；
2) 违反证券法规及相关证券交易所规则的；
3) 骚扰信息、过度营销信息、垃圾信息、虚假信息、不实信息的；
4) 侵害他人名誉权、肖像权、知识产权、商业秘密、个人信息、隐私权等合法权益的；
5) 影响用户体验或扰乱秩序的；
6) 涉嫌不正当经营的；
7) 违反公平、诚信、友善原则的；
8) 违反国家政策、公序良俗或干扰本服务正常运营或侵犯其他用户或第三方合法权益的;
9) 其他违反
《TTM服务协议》
的内容。
2.
使用方式限制
1) 您应符合本协议项下的资格能力及资质要求并在遵守法律法规及本协议的前提下使用本服务。
2) 您不得 ① 以侵犯、盗用或违反任何人权利的方式使用服务; ② 反向汇编、反向编译、反编译、翻译或以其他方式尝试发现本服务的模型、算法和系统的源代码或底层组件; ③使用本服务的架构开发与TigerGPT竞争的基础模型或其他大规模模型; ④ 使用任何方法从本服务中提取数据，包括网络抓取、网络收集或网络数据提取方法; ⑤ 表示本服务的输出是人为生成的；⑥以可能对TigerGPT或任何其他用户对TigerGPT的使用产生过载、攻击、损坏或其他负面影响的方式使用 TigerGPT。我们保留因违反任何禁止而终止您使用TigerGPT或任何相关应用程序的权利。
3.
行为管理措施
1) 我们有权对您的行为及上传、发布的内容进行审查。一经发现您的行为或上传、输入、发布的内容违反法律法规、涉嫌侵犯第三方权利或本协议的规定，我们有权立即采取包括但不限于截断传输内容、保存传输记录、关闭用户账号、删除侵权内容链接等措施，根据法律要求或在必要时可以主动向有关监管机构报告，如因此造成任何后果及损失，由您自行承担全部责任。
2) 如您对我们采取的处理措施具有任何异议，可发送邮件至uservice@ttm.financial进行申诉。经我们核实确实能证明您的言论、行为并未违反法律法规、相关规则及本协议的约定，我们将会取消相应的处理措施。
五、知识产权
1.
TigerGPT的知识产权
我们对本服务所使用的软件、程序、产品架构、产品设计等享有独立、完整的所有权及知识产权。任何人不得擅自使用、修改、重制、公开播送、改制、散布、发行、公开发表、进行还原工程、解编、反向编译或发起指示注入攻击及其他方式从本服务取得源代码，或为其他应用程序提取本服务的重要部分或获取我们注入或编写的提示，否则视为侵权。
2.
输入内容的知识产权
1)  "输入"的含义包括但不限于输入、提供、发布、上传、提交和其他任何可能在本服务上输入内容的行为。
2) 当您向TigerGPT输入内容，即表示您保证并声明您完全拥有或以其他方式控制对输入内容的所有必要的权利。您应保证输入至TigerGPT的各项信息、使用本服务过程中上传的全部数据、对本服务的使用，以及所涉及的素材不会侵犯任何第三方的合法权益。
3) 对于因您输入的任何内容以及您违反上述条款或违反适用法律而引起的或与之相关的任何索赔、损失和费用（包括律师费），您将为我们、我们的关联公司和我们的人员辩护、赔偿并使其免受损害。我们不对发布或使用您可能输入的任何内容承担任何责任，并且可随时自行决定删除任何输入内容。
4) 您在本服务输入原创内容时即默认授予TigerGPT非排他的、不可撤销的、免费的使用权。我们有权将该内容用于TigerGPT相关产品与服务，包括用于广告宣传、本服务的其他功能等。
3.
输出内容的知识产权
1) TigerGPT作为机器语言模型服务，在输入内容不同的情况下，可能会生成相同或类似的输出内容。由于机器学习的性质，输出内容在用户之间可能不是唯一的。例如，您可以输入“天空是什么颜色？”，并得到“天空是蓝色”的输出内容。其他用户也可能输入类似的内容并得到相同的答案。
2) 我们及/或资源数据库所属权利人拥有所有输出内容的所有权及知识产权。输出内容仅供参考学习，未经权利人许可，不得将输出内容用于商业目的。如您出于非商业目的转载使用输出内容，您不得在内容性质方面误导他人。例如，您不得告诉他人该输出内容完全是人类创作的，或者该输出内容为真实发生事件。
3) 未经权利人许可，任何人不得以任何方式删除、掩藏、修改或替换本服务及呈现内容中所附的或包含的任何专有权利声明（包含但不限于著作权、商标权、专利权、所有权声明等）、其他任何链接或公告等。
4.
知识产权投诉
1)
投诉方式
您应充分理解TigerGPT服务基于我们以及第三方的资源数据库，如果您认为您的知识产权受到侵犯，请发送邮件至uservice@ttm.financial 并且按照要求提供相应证明材料，我们将初步核实涉嫌侵权内容的来源，并根据不同情况采取相应的处理措施。
2)
您需提供的证明材料
您声称被侵权的知识产权作品的证明；
您声称侵权并要求我们移除的本服务中材料的证明；
使我们能够找到这些材料的足够信息；
您的联系信息和电子邮箱地址；
一份声明书，声明您有充分的理由相信，对有异议的材料的使用未经知识产权所有人、知识产权代理人或法律授权；以及
一份声明书，声明通知中的信息准确无误，且您是声称被侵权作品的知识产权所有人或您被授权代表知识产权所有人行事，并愿意接受作伪证的惩罚。
六、数据保护
1.
数据收集、使用及保护
1) 为了向您提供服务，我们将收集您自愿向我们提供的数据及您使用本服务时自动产生的数据。当您与TigerGPT进行交互对话时，我们会收集您所输入的文本对话信息（以下简称“您的输入内容”），使用您的输入内容向您输出内容，以便提供服务。如果您拒绝我们对您的输入内容进行收集和处理，我们可能无法向您提供服务。
2) 在交互对话过程中，若您对TigerGPT的输出内容进行评价，我们将收集您的评价信息，包括您主动提交的报错原因，以便不断改进TigerGPT的输出内容质量。如您拒绝我们收集和处理评价信息，请不要提交您的评价，这并不会影响您使用本服务的基本功能。
3) 我们将收集和处理上述信息，以分析我们服务的有效性、改进和增加我们服务的功能以及其他类似目的，但我们将上述信息用于这些目的时会对您的数据进行匿名或去标识化（使其不再与您相关联）。
4) 未经授权，我们不会根据您的输入和使用情况，擅自进行画像或向他人提供您的输入内容，我们也不会使用您的个人信息、个人隐私、机密信息或其他任何被认为是隐私或机密的信息用于训练模型。
5) 为符合相关法律法规要求，向您提供连续性、一致化的使用体验，保障服务质量，我们会视情况保留您使用本服务时自愿提供的及自动产生的数据。保留数据的时间取决于许多因素，例如数据的数量、性质和敏感性，未经授权访问、使用或披露数据的潜在危害与风险，我们处理数据的目的以及法律要求等。一般情况下，我们将在24小时内保留您的历史文本对话信息。
6) 为按照本协议所述处理您的信息，我们将援引以下法律依据，涉及合同的必要性、合法利益、同意、遵守适用的法律和法规：
合同的必要性：以向您提供服务。
合法利益：
① 以提高TigerGPT对您输入内容的理解。
② 以不断提高TigerGPT的识别与输出内容的速度和质量。
③ 以增强TigerGPT的智能性。
④ 以分析本服务的有效性。
⑤ 以改善和增加本服务的功能。
同意：收集评价信息以不断提高TigerGPT的输出内容的质量。
7) 为保护您及他人的个人数据及隐私安全，当您使用TigerGPT服务时请勿上传您及他人的个人数据或隐私，包括但不限于：
联系信息，包括真实姓名、电话号码、电子邮件地址和居住地址等；
证件信息，包括身份证号码、护照号码、驾照号码、社会保险号码或其他类型的政府颁发的身份号码、文件或信息等；
账号信息：与银行账号、信用卡等金融账号相关的信息；
其他涉及个人信息或隐私的内容。
如果您在使用服务过程中意外输入了您的个人数据或隐私，您可以通过uservice@ttm.financial联系我们予以删除。
8) 未成年人的信息保护：未成年人不是本服务的目标受众，我们不会有意地收集未成年人的个人信息；如果您在您的司法管辖区域内属于未成年人，请勿使用本服务或向我们提交任何个人信息。如您认为我们可能在不知情的情况下收集了您的未满十八周岁子女或被监护人的信息，请发送邮件至uservice@ttm.financial，我们将对这些信息予以删除。
9) 我们将与微软分享您的一些输入内容，以提供服务。我们不会与以营销或商业为目的的第三方分享您的个人信息。
10) 关于我们对您数据隐私及权利的其他处理及保护措施，详见
《TTM 隐私政策》
。
2.
第三方数据保护
关于第三方对您数据隐私的处理及保护措施，详见第三方隐私政策：
《Azure OpenAI 服务的数据、隐私及安全》
等。
3.
您的保密义务
1) 您可能会被授予访问我们及其他第三方的保密信息的权限。您只能在本协议允许的情况下为使用本服务而使用保密信息。您不得向任何第三方披露保密信息，并且您将以与保护自己的类似性质的保密信息相同的方式保护保密信息，至少要采取合理的谨慎措施。
2) 保密信息不包括以下信息：①非因您的过错而向公众普遍提供或变得普遍可用的信息; ②当您根据本协议收到它时，您已经拥有且没有任何保密义务的信息; ③由第三方合法向您披露且没有任何保密义务的信息;或 ④您在不使用保密信息的情况下独立开发的信息。如果您事先向我们发出合理的书面通知，并尽合理努力限制披露范围，包括在可能的情况下协助我们质疑披露要求，则您可以根据法律或法院及其他政府机构有效命令的要求披露保密信息。
七、违约责任
1. 对于①您违反本协议或②您违反任何法律或侵犯任何第三方权利导致的所有索赔、要求、责任、损害、损失、成本和费用，包括法律费用和其他费用，无论以何种方式导致，您同意立即对我们及其管理人员、董事和雇员进行赔偿、为其辩护并使其不受损害。
2. 在不影响本协议中规定的任何其他权利的前提下，如果您全部或部分违反本协议中的任何条款，我们保留采取合适措施的权利，包括但不限于终止与您的任何协议、终止或阻止向您提供服务和/或对您采取法律行动。
八、风险提示
1.
本服务提供的输出内容仅供学习、参考、分享、互动，我们并不确保其可靠性、准确性和实时性，也不表明我们证实其描述或赞同其观点。请您知悉，本服务的任何输出内容均不构成预测、投资收益承诺、投资建议或者其他实际操作意见。您应充分了解、知悉交易的相关风险，在交易前应当从一般理性人角度对自身的经济实力、资金来源和风险承受能力做出客观判断，慎重决定投资目标、投资金额和金融产品。对于因使用或依赖这些信息直接或间接导致的任何损失或损害，包括但不限于任何利润损失，我们不承担任何责任。我们不建议使用技术分析作为交易决策的唯一手段，也不建议匆忙地做出交易决定。您应当明白，过去的业绩表现不代表将来的结果。
2. 请您知悉，我们仅作为技术服务提供方，与证券及金融产品宣传推介及销售相关的服务均由第三方机构直接向您提供，在您通过TigerGPT服务提供的链接或入口跳转至第三方机构平台在线进行证券及金融产品投资或交易前，您需要确保自己符合相关法律法规的规定、本协议、该三方机构的要求，且必须主动了解相关证券及金融产品的具体信息和协议文件，确认自己具有相应的风险识别能力和风险承受能力，否则，请不要做出任何投资或交易行为。您知悉，任何证券及金融产品均存在一定的风险（包括监管风险、违约风险、本金损失和收益风险、成交风险、技术风险、不可抗力导致的风险等），您自愿承担该风险，我们对您投资证券及金融产品导致的损失 (如有) 不承担任何责任。任何与证券及金融产品有关的业务咨询、投诉或纠纷处理均应由第三方机构自行处理，我们对此不承担任何责任。
九、免责声明
1. 除法律禁止的范围外，我们对本服务不作任何保证（明示、暗示、法定或其他），包括但不限于适销性、特定用途适用性、质量满意、不侵权的保证，以及因任何交易过程或商业惯例而产生的任何保证。我们不保证服务不会中断或没有错误，也不保证任何内容是安全的或不会丢失。本服务提供的输出内容亦不应被视为互联网新闻信息，更不能代替专业领域从业人员解答您的疑问。
特别注意：我们不保证本服务输出内容的真实性、充分性、可靠性、完整性、准确性及有效性。
2.
对于由第三方提供的资源数据库、软件或技术服务所引发任何纠纷，由第三方负责解决，我们不承担任何责任。我们不对第三方的资源数据库、软件或技术服务提供客服支持，若您需要获取此类支持，请与该第三方联系。
3.
本服务中包含第三方运营的网站超链接。该等超链接只为您提供参考及便利。您同意不要求我们对该等网站提供的内容及运营负责。从本服务到另一网站的超链接不代表我们认可该网站的内容或该网站的运营。您须自行决定您在何种程度上使用该内容或该网站。您承认，您对任何第三方网站和/或软件的使用应遵守适用的第三方的条款，并且您同意不要求我们对因您的任何此类使用而产生的任何损失或损害承担责任。
4.
我们不对任何间接的、偶然的、特殊的、后果性的或惩戒性的损害负责，包括利润、商誉、使用或数据损失或其他损失的损害，即使我们已被告知这种损害的可能性。我们在本协议下的总责任应限于您转移给我们的与交易有关的资金数额。
5. 您理解并同意，在使用本服务的过程中，可能会遇到不可抗力 (即不能预见、不能克服、不能避免且对一方或双方造成重大影响的客观事件)、技术风险等因素使服务发生中断，出现下述情况时，我们将努力在第一时间与相关单位配合及时进行修复，但由此给您造成的损失我们在法律允许的范围内免责：
1) 因洪水、地震、风暴等自然灾害、流行病（疫情）、罢工、暴乱、战争、政府行为、司法行政命令等不可抗力因素；
2) 您、本服务或第三方机构的电脑软件、系统、硬件和通信线路出现故障或其他原因导致您无法使用本服务；
3) 因电力供应故障、通讯网络故障 (包括但不限于电子通讯传达失败或延时、用于电子通讯的计算机程序对电子通讯的拦截或操纵) 等公共服务因素或您自身因素 (包括但不限于您操作不当、错误下单、通过非本服务授权的方式使用本服务) 或第三人因素 (包括但不限于受到计算机病毒、木马或其他恶意程序、黑客攻击的破坏等错误操作)；
4) 在我们已尽善意管理的情况下，因常规或紧急的设备与系统维护、设备与系统故障、缺陷、网络与数据安全、技术风险等因素；和
5) 其他我们无法控制或无法合理预见的情形。
6. 在您使用本服务的过程中，我们不对下列风险承担责任：
1) 来自他人匿名或冒名的含有威胁、诽谤、令人反感或非法内容的信息；和
2) 遭受他人误导、欺骗或其他导致任何心理、生理上的伤害以及经济上的损失。
7. 如您将TigerGPT添加至第三方群聊或社交媒体等平台中，您需确保第三方群聊或社交媒体平台中使用TigerGPT的成员均明确知悉同意本协议，并严格履行本协议。第三方群聊和社交媒体平台中的数据使用可能受到不同的隐私政策和规定的约束，您及相关成员应仔细了解、同意并遵守第三方平台的隐私政策。您确保您及第三方群聊或社交媒体平台中的成员遵守所有适用的法律、规定和条例、本协议及第三方平台的协议，不会使用TigerGPT进行任何违法、违约、侵犯他人权益等活动，否则由此产生的责任由您承担，与我们无关。我们不对第三方群聊或社交媒体平台中的任何行为、内容或互动负任何责任，尤其不对相关荐股、揽客、提供虚假信息等行为承担责任。
8. 在您使用本服务过程中，我们有权在法律规定的范围内处理违法违规内容，但其不构成我们的义务或承诺。
9. 您理解并确认，我们需要定期或不定期地对本服务所在的平台或相关的设备进行检修或者维护，如因此类情况而造成服务在合理时间内的中断，我们无需为此承担任何责任，但我们应事先进行通告。
十、变更终止
1.
协议变更
1)
本协议自您在线同意本协议或开始使用本服务之时起生效。
除本协议约定终止情形外，本协议将持续有效。
2) 出于符合监管政策的要求、提高本服务的使用体验或其他合理目的，我们有权根据相关法律法规的规定修改或变更本协议内容，并通过电子邮件、客户端、网页或其他合法方式予以公布，请您随时留意相关更新提醒。修改后的条款自协议中约定的生效日或通知之日起生效。
3) 本协议变更后，若您继续使用本服务的，视为您已经阅读、了解并接受修改或变更后的条款。如果您不能接受变更后的协议，您应立即停止使用本服务及相关服务，或者及时告知我们您的疑问，由我们为您解决措施。
2.
服务变更/中断/终止
1)
发生如下任一情形时，我们有权立即变更、中断、终止本服务，且无须承担任何违约责任：
当您有违法违规或违反本协议约定使用本服务的行为时；
因不可抗力事件等发生导致我们无法继续提供服务时。
2) 如您拒绝接受修改后的协议条款，或主动停止使用本服务，或以其他形式表明不再使用本服务的，我们将终止向您提供服务。
3) 我们有权根据自身业务需求及运营安排，变更、暂停或终止本服务或其中任何部分（包括但不限于对本服务进行下线、迭代、整合等），我们将采取必要的措施通知您，以保护您的合法权益。
4) 您同意，我们暂停、中断或终止向您提供服务时，我们有权依照相关法律法规就违反法律法规或本协议约定的行为向有关部门进行报告。由此产生的一切法律责任由您独自承担；我们若因此遭受损失的，您也应当一并予以赔偿。
5) 本协议项下服务的终止并不影响本协议项下未完成的在服务终止前已产生的义务的履行或权利的行使。
十一、争议解决
1.
适用法律
本协议受英属维尔京群岛（“BVI”）法律约束，而不考虑其中的法律原则冲突。无论您是否在世界任何其他地方居住或与 TTMF进行业务往来，均属此类。
2.
管辖法院
您同意接受位于BVI的法院的属人和专属管辖权，以解决可能产生的与本协议有关的任何争议。
十二、其他
1.
完整性
本协议构成
《TTM服务协议》
、
《TTM 隐私政策》
的一部分，与《TTM服务协议》、《TTM 隐私政策》具有同等法律效力。本协议未明确约定的与本产品服务有关的事项，以《TTM服务协议》与《TTM 隐私政策》为准。
2.
解释
单数的词语意味着并包括复数，反之亦然。
本协议中的任何词语，“包括”、“特别是”或任何类似的表达方式，应被解释为说明性的，不限制该表达方式前面的词语的意义。
3.
可分割性
如果本协议中的任何条款无论因何种原因完全或部分无效或不具有执行力，或违反任何适用的法律，则该条款自动失效；但本协议的其余条款仍应有效且有约束力。
4.
语言
本协议以中、英文版本书写。中英文版本有任何冲突或不一致之处，应以英语版本为准。
5.
通知
当您使用本服务时，我们可使用电子方式向您发出通知，上述电子方式包括但不限于平台公告、弹窗、站内信、电子邮件、短信等方式。
6.
联系我们
关于本协议以及使用本服务而产生的任何问题，您可以通过以下方式联系我们：
电子邮箱：uservice@ttm.financial.
公司地址：Sertus Chambers, P.O. Box 905, Quastisky Building, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tigersecurities.com/agreement/ALL-PrivacyPolicy-TB?lang=en_US:
Tiger Brokers Privacy Policy
Thank you for your trust and support, we understand the importance of your personal information, we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal information. NOW, THEREFORE, Tiger, which includes Tiger Brokers (NZ) Ltd, Tiger Fintech (NZ) Ltd, Tiger Brokers (AU) Pty Ltd, Tiger Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other related companies (hereinafter “We/Tiger Brokers”) has instituted this Privacy Policy (hereinafter “this Policy/this Privacy Policy”) and hereby reminded you of:
Tiger Brokers has entered into or will enter into a Client Service Agreement with you for the relevant products or services provided to you (including services such as brokerage account opening and trading) and this Policy is part of the Client Service Agreement and applies to the products or services provided by Tiger Brokers.
This Policy has a close relationship with your use of our products and services. Please read this Policy carefully before using any of our products and services, and use the relevant products and services after you acknowledge that you fully understand and agree to this Policy. By starting to use any of our products or services, it represents that you fully understand and agree to this Policy and agree that we will collect, use, store, share and protect your related information in accordance with this Policy. Depending on the different use of the products and services and the different type of transactions, your personal information will be treated strictly in accordance with the Privacy Act and similar applicable laws of the relevant jurisdictions, including but not limited to:
The Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 and the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012,
The Privacy Act 2020 and Amendments and relevant Acts in New Zealand,
The Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) and relevant Acts in Singapore, and
Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China and relevant laws and regulations.
If you have any questions about this Policy or related matters, please contact us through our customer service.
This Policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your information
4. How we protect your information
5. More rights or information of individuals covered by GDPR
6. Your rights
7. How we protect minors' information
8. How does your information move globally
9. How is this Policy updated
10. How to contact us.
1. How we collect and use your personal information
When you use our products and/or services, your personal information may be collected and used in the following two scenarios:
1.1 To provide you with the basic functions of our products and/or services, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information. If you refuse to provide such information, you will not be able to properly use our products and/or services;
1.2 Information you have chosen to authorize us to collect and use in order to provide you with additional functionality for our products and/or services. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the related additional features or achieve the desired results, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic features of our products and/or services.
You understand and agree that:
1.3 We are committed to developing a diverse range of products and services to meet your needs. We provide you with a large range of products and services and the scope of specific products/services can be chosen to be used by different users. Therefore, the basic/additional functions and the type and scope of personal information collected and used will vary accordingly.
1.4 In order to bring you a better product and service experience, we continue to strive to improve our technology, with which we may launch new or optimized features from time to time, and may need to collect, use, or change the purpose or the way that personal information is used. In this regard, we will otherwise explain to you the purpose, scope and use of the relevant information by updating this Policy, pop-up window and webpage reminder and provide you with methods  to approve the same, and collect and use such information upon express consent from you. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions during such process, you may contact us by the contact information provided on our website and we will answer your questions as soon as possible.
We will implement the following functions of this Policy to collect and use your personal information:
1.5 The information you offered when using our service
(1)Performance of anti-money laundering obligations and real-name system management in accordance with laws and regulations and regulatory provisions
When you apply for opening an account, you shall provide your identity information as required in accordance with laws, regulations and regulatory provisions, including name, nationality/country of legal residence, type/number of valid identity certificate, mobile phone number, email address, residential address information, date of birth, personal specimen signature, face identification information, tax information, the country of birth; if your permanent address is different from the ID address, you are required to separately provide documents to prove your residential address (for example, water and electricity bill/bank statement/driver license/housing property certificate/household register, etc. which contains address information).
During the account opening process, when you perform face recognition and identity verification, you may need to enable the camera and album (photo album) permissions of the device. We will collect your facial features and valid identity documents and use them strictly within the scope of your authorization to safeguard the security of your account and transaction. If you do not want to provide the above information or refuse to open the above device permission, you may not be able to complete the account opening process  and will not be able to use the corresponding services and functions provided by us.
(2)Perform the "Know Your Client" assessment, client rating and risk rating evaluation in accordance with laws, regulations and regulatory provisions
According to the requirements of laws and regulations, at the time of opening your account, we need to assess and rate your investment appropriateness, and provide you with a risk rating assessment,  you must provide occupational status, asset information (scope of net current assets, scope of net assets, scope of total assets, and scope of net annual income) , investment objectives, and investment experience information (trading years and times of different varieties, and investment preferences). For retiree, you may be requested to provide information of your previous occupation. When you are employed or starting a business, you will need to provide detailed employment information, including company name, location and address, industry, and position. If you or your immediate family member is working with a regulator or listed company, you also need to fill in the name of the regulator, the stock code of the listed company and the name of the Exchange; when you are a student or homemaker, you only need to fill in the source of fund information.
(3)Orders & Transactions
When you buy or sell securities, options or trade futures, on your own or by instructing us, you may need to provide us with the order type, the code, price and quantity, whether to trade through margin or short selling, the percentage of margin trading or short selling (if applicable), and/or time in force, and whether trading during pre-opening session and late trading session .
When you use the reminder function, you may need to enable the calendar permission of your device, and we will read/record the date of the company action you are following into the calendar according to your operation, to provide you with a timely reminder service.
When you open the fingerprint or face transaction verification function, you agree to authorize us to verify your fingerprint or face ID instead of verifying your transaction password for transaction security. You can also open the fingerprint or face verification function before entering the Trade page so that you can have a more secure experience.
If you do not wish to provide the above information or refuse to provide the above permissions, you will not be able to use the corresponding services and functions provided by us.
(4)Deposit/Withdrawal of Fund
When you deposit/withdraw funds from your account, based on risk control and anti-money laundering requirements, you need to provide your bank card account number, name of bank card holder (which must be consistent with the name of the securities account) and information about the amount of funds deposited/withdrawn.
(5)Customer Service
To ensure the security of your account and system, you must provide us with the necessary personal information to verify your identity when you contact us or file a dispute or personal account application.
For the convenience of contacting you and to help you resolve the problem as soon as possible or to record solutions and results of related problems, we may maintain records of your correspondence/telephone conversations with us and the relevant content (including account information, order information, other information you provide to substantiate the relevant facts, or contact information you left), and we will use your account information and order information if you make inquiries, complaints or suggestions with respect to a specific order.
We may also use additional information about you, including the information you provided when contacting customer services and the replies you sent to us when you participated in the survey, to provide reasonable service and to improve the quality of service.
1.6 To provide you with safety assurance
When you use our products and/or services, we may use or integrate your personal information and operation log information, including account status, login time, browsing history, watchlist, trading markets, trade symbol information, trading funds information, which also includes your IP address, browser type, language used, operating system version, date and time of access, network requests, etc. In this manner, we can comprehensively identify the risks to your account, conduct identity verification, detection and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures according to the law.  Such instances of collection and use are also intended to improve the security of your use of our services, protect your personal information and property safety, or other users, or the public from being infringed upon, better prevent phishing sites, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks and intrusions as well as other security risks, and more accurately identify violations of laws and regulations.
1.7 In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information in accordance with law without your authorization if the following circumstances apply:
（1）Directly relevant to the national security and national defense security;
（2）Relates directly to public security, public health or important public interest; and
（3）Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
（4）Your consent cannot be obtained in a timely manner for the purpose of protecting your or others’ material legitimate rights and interests such as life and property;
（5）The personal information collected is made public to the society by yourself;
（6）Collect your personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
（7）It is necessary for the execution and performance of this Policy in accordance with your requirements;
（8）Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the Services provided, such as detection and handling of service failures;
（9）Required for lawful news reporting;
（10）Other circumstances stipulated by relevant laws and regulations.
1.8 Rules for use of personal Information
(1)Please understand that the services we provide to you are constantly updated and evolving. If you choose to use other services that are not covered by the above instructions, we will inform you of the scope and purpose of the information collection through page prompts, interaction processes, and agreement, subject to your consent. We will use, store, provide external service and protect your information in accordance with this Policy and the corresponding client service agreement; if you choose not to provide the above information, you may be unable to use a certain service or part of the service, but your use of other services shall not be affected.
(2)All personal information you provide when using our products and/or services, unless you have opted out of our collection through your system Settings, will be deemed to continue to authorize us to use it during your use of our products and/or services.
(3)We may keep statistics on the use of our products and/or services and may share these statistics with the public or third parties to demonstrate overall usage trends of our products and/or services. These statistics, however, do not contain any identifying information about you.
(4)We may use your account information and transaction information to conduct comprehensive statistics and analysis of your preferences, habits, account status and other information to form a user profile, which may be used to recommend or show you information about products and/or services that may be of interest to you, send you promotional information or display commercial advertisements via SMS, email, etc., or provide you with information consultation services or invite you to participate in customer research related to services, products or features in telephone follow-up.
For example, we will use your account opening information, including account opening time, account type, employer information, and send business notifications, user experience research, and provide guidelines, marketing and promotional information through the contact information you have provided (including but not limited to: cell phone number, e-mail, etc.). If you do not want to use this service, you can contact us directly through the contact information in Article 10 "How to contact us" to request us to stop providing the above information, and we will deal with it in a timely manner.
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
2.1 Cookies
A cookie is a small text file created by a web site server and saved on a user's browser, and when a user visits a web site server, the web site can access cookie information. In addition to being used to identify users, cookies can also be used to store user information and track user access behavior.
We do not use cookies to collect and track any information or behavior about a user, other than to verify the user's identity and login status.
You can manage and delete cookies according to your preferences, and most browsers have the ability to disable or delete cookies from your system. Note that blocking cookies can cause some features on our website or system to not work or work effectively, which can affect your experience.
2.2 Cookie homogeneity technology
In addition to cookies, we use Authorization or Web Beacon and other similar technologies on the web site.  Authorization is an HTTP protocol header that is passed behind the browser and the server of the Internet, instead of a cookie use .The Web Beacon can calculate who browses the web or access some cookies. We use Authorization to record your identity and collect information about your web browsing activities through the Web Beacon, such as Internet Protocol (IP) Address, Browser Type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), Visited Pages, Operating System, Date/Time Stamp, Click Data Stream, and so we can learn more about and improve our products and services.
2.3 SDK technology
Our products and services will embed the third-party SDK and collect some information from you to ensure that you can use our services normally. Please refer to the
Statement for using third-party SDK
for details.
We will conduct strict security monitoring of APIs, SDKs and other SDKs and agree with authorizing partners on strict data protection measures to enable them to process personal information in accordance with our delegated purpose, service instructions, this Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your information
3.1 Sharing
(1)Business Assistance
We undertake to keep your personal information strictly confidential. Unless otherwise required by laws, regulations and regulatory authorities, we will only share your information with a third party, including our affiliated companies, cooperative financial institutions and other partners, in the following circumstances. If we need to share your information with a third party in order to provide services to you, we will evaluate the legitimacy and necessity of the third party's collection of information. We will require third parties to protect your information and strictly comply with the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. In addition, we will obtain your consent in accordance with laws, regulations and national standards by way of confirmation agreement, copyright-confirmation in specific scenes, pop-up reminder and other means, or confirm that a third party has obtained your consent.
A.Certain products or services may be provided by a third party or jointly by us and a third party. Therefore, in certain circumstances we may require to submit your identity information, contact information, professional information, asset information, investment information and order information to third parties (including liquidators and exchanges) in order to provide the products or services that you need;
B.With your prior consent, we will share your information with a third party to the extent permitted by laws and regulations and not against public order and good morals within the scope of your authorization.
(2)Information validation
As required by laws and regulations, in order to effectively identify you, we will provide your name, date of birth, gender and ID number information to the third party authentication provider during the account opening process, so that we can identify you as a legitimate and valid customer, complete the account opening for you and provide follow-up services.
(3)Supervisory Review
Relevant regulatory bodies, self-regulatory associations or competent organizations (including but not limited to various exchanges and governmental authorities) may request that we provide your  account and transaction information for purposes of supervision and inspection to confirm whether we have complied with our legal obligations.
(4)Complaint Handling
If you make a complaint against us or another person or are complained against, to protect your and another person’s legitimate rights and interests, we may keep your name, contact information and content relevant to the complaint in the customer service system provided by a third party supplier and may provide the same to the consumer rights and interests protection department and regulatory authorities so that we may resolve complaints and disputes in a timely manner, except where such provision is expressly prohibited by laws and regulations.
3.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except in the following circumstances:
(1)Obtain your consent in advance;
(2)In accordance with laws, regulations or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
(3)Where the transfer of assets, acquisition, merger, reorganization or bankruptcy liquidation is involved, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will inform you of the relevant situation, and require the new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this Policy. If the purpose for the use of personal information is changed, we will request the company or organization to obtain your consent.
3.3 Disclosure to the public
We do not disclose your information in principle except for the desensitized display of the winner's mobile phone number or user nickname when announcing prize winners. If any public disclosure is required, we will obtain your consent by notifying you of the purpose of such public disclosure, the type of information to be disclosed and any sensitive information that may be involved.
3.4 In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, policies and standards, we may share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information in accordance with law without your consent in the following circumstances:
(1)Directly relevant to the national security and national defense security;
(2)Relates directly to public security, public health or important public interest;
(3)Those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
(4)Your consent is difficult to obtain for the purpose of protecting your or other individuals’ material legitimate rights and interests such as life and property;
(5)The personal information you disclose to the public by yourself;
(6)Personal information collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
Please understand that, in accordance with applicable laws, if we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information so that the data recipients cannot re-identify specific individuals and are unable to restore the same, you shall not be required to separately notify and obtain your consent for the sharing, transfer and public disclosure of such processed data.
4. How we protect your information
4.1 We have taken reasonable and practical security measures in line with industry standards to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, destruction or loss of data. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We take physical, technical and administrative security measures to mitigate the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration, including, but not limited to, transport-level data encryption, firewall and encrypted storage, physical access controls, and information access authorization controls. We've set up a security program to protect your information from unauthorized access. For example, you can communicate with all of our network communications and we ensure encryption is protected with encryption (SSL). Your personal information is encrypted and stored on our server with high strength encryption. We will use a trustworthy protection mechanism to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; we will deploy strict data access authority control and multiple identity authentication technologies to protect personal information and avoid illegal access and use of data. In the use of personal information, such as personal information presentation, personal information correlation calculation, we will use a variety of data desensitization techniques including content replacement, SHA256 to enhance personal information security. We strengthen the audit of personal information security by adopting automatic code security check and data access log analysis technology.
4.2 We have an advanced data management system, which focuses on data life cycles, to improve the security of the whole system from organization construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and so on. For example, we have established data classification systems, data security management rules and security development rules to regulate the storage and use of personal information. We require all employees to sign a confidentiality agreement. We hold training courses on security and privacy, and strengthen employees' understanding of the importance of protecting personal information and conducts operations in strict accordance with protection requirements by such means as assessment and review as well as including data protection in their daily assessment. To further enhance security certification and services, we have passed the ISO27001 certification.
4.3 If you are an EU user, under the GDPR terms, in addition to providing systematic personal data protection, our Security Department - Personal Information Protection Commissioner will act as Data Protection Officer (DPO) to be fully responsible for your data protection.
4.4 We will take all reasonable and practical measures to avoid collecting unrelated personal information and will retain your personal information only for such periods of time as is necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Policy, unless an extension of the retention period is required or is permitted by law.
4.5 Please understand that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use our products and services in a secure, sophisticated and reliable manner to help us secure your account. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if your account or password is leaked, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this Policy so that we can take appropriate measures.
4.6 In the event of a personal information security incident or we believe that there has been a privacy breach, we will identify the issue and take steps to minimize any harm. If we believe the breach has caused, or is likely to cause serious harm, we will contact our Security Department, the Personal Information Protection Commissioner. We will also inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the incident, the measures we have taken or will take, the recommendations you can take to prevent and mitigate the risks, and the remedial measures you have taken. We will inform you by mail, letter, telephone or push notification. When it is difficult to inform each user one by one, we will take reasonable and effective way to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also report the disposal of information security incidents according to regulatory requirements. If you believe there has been a privacy breach, please contact us as soon as possible.
5. More rights or information of individuals covered by GDPR
If your personal information is established in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’), then with regard to personal information that is protected by the Common Data Protection Ordinance (‘GDPR’), you enjoy a range of legal rights with respect to the personal information that you retain at Tiger Brokers. Such rights include:
5.1 Obtain information about your personal information processing and access to your personal information retained in Tiger Brokers. Please note that in certain circumstances we have the right to deny access to copies of personal information, and in particular, information that is specifically protected by law and regulation.
5.2 If your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request us to correct it, but if we require you to provide a copy of your valid identity document to prove the authenticity of your identity information, please cooperate.
5.3 In some cases, you can ask us to delete your personal information. Please note that under certain circumstances (such as for public interest, public health or scientific and historical research purposes) we reserve the right to retain your personal information even if you request us to delete it.
5.4 In some cases, you may refuse the processing of your personal information by us, and you may request us to limit the processing of your personal information. Similarly, in some cases, we have the right to reject your request even if you object or request us to limit the processing of your personal information. If there are other legal reasons, we also have the right to continue without your permission to use or deal with.
According to the GDPR clause, in addition to providing systematic measures for the protection of personal data, we will also set up a Data Protection Officer (DPO) to take full charge of your data protection.
We will evaluate all the requests and complaints we have received and provide you with timely responses. We may request that you provide copies of valid identification documents so that we may fulfill our security obligations and protect against unauthorized data disclosures. If your request for access to data is manifestly unfounded or extraordinary.
For GDPR-protected personal information, we may be able to transfer your personal information outside the EEA for specific licensing purposes. We will ensure that any such international transmission is properly protected under GDPR or other relevant laws.
6. Your Rights
In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and standards as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:
6.1 Access your personal information
(1)You have the right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions provided by laws and regulations;
(2)You can manage your account by logging on to the App homepage and entering Trade page. Click on "Trade - More - Account - Account Setting" to access and modify your ID information, Residential address, Job information, Asset information, and Tax information.
(3)You can manage your transaction password by logging in to the App homepage and entering "Me" page. You can modify your transaction password by clicking on "Me - Security Settings - Change Password".
(4)You can login to our website homepage to enter the "My Account-Account Setting" page, access and modify your ID information, Residential address, Job information, Asset information, and Tax information.
(5)You can view your transactions on our website and in our apps;
(6)If you are unable to access the above information, you can contact the customer service, we will reply to your request within 20 working days;
(7)If you are an EU user, you will have the right to request that we access your personal data and transfer it to another data controller under the GDPR terms.
6.2 Correct your personal information
You can correct or supplement your personal information in the way listed in Access to Your Personal Information.
If you are unable to manage this personal information in this way, you can contact our customer service at any time. We will respond to your request for access within 20 working days.
6.3 Delete your personal information
You can contact us through the contact information in "10. How to contact us" and request the deletion of your personal information, upon which we will delete your personal information in accordance with the applicable law.. You can request us to delete your personal information in the following cases:
(1)If we process your personal information in a manner contrary to the provisions of relevant law;
(2)If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
(3)If we process personal information in serious violation of the terms of the agreement with you;
(4)If you no longer use any of our products or services, or you have actively closed an account;
(5)If we no longer provide any product or service to you;
(6)If you are an EU user, you are entitled to request us to delete your personal data according to GDPR terms.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities that receive your personal information from us of the request to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise required by relevant law or regulation, or if they receive your separate authorization. When you remove information from our services, we may not immediately remove that information from the backup system, but we will remove it when we back up updates.
6.4 Protect your personal information
You can protect your personal information by using a complex password without revealing your logon password or account information to anyone. Once you reveal your account number and password, it may have adverse consequences for you. If you find that your account and password have been leaked or will be leaked for any reason, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures. But we are not responsible for this until we are aware of it and act within a reasonable period of time.
We will not be liable for any loss of third party access to your personal information due to your failure to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. If you discover any unauthorized use or other security breaches, you must notify us immediately. Your assistance will help us to protect your personal information better.
6.5 Change the scope of your authorized consent or revoke your authorization
You may change the scope of our continuous collection of personal information or revoke your authorization by deleting information, turning off the functions of the device or otherwise. You may also revoke our full authorization to continue to collect your personal information by canceling your account.
You understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to complete. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the service for which you withdraw your consent or authorization, and we will no longer process your personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously conducted based on your authorization.
6.6 Cancel your account
You may apply for the cancellation of your account by:
(1)You can submit your account cancellation request in the "Help Center" - "Privacy Security" - "How to cancel your account" on the "Me" page.
(2)Contact our customer service staff for assistance in applying to cancel your account.
After you log out of your account, we will stop providing you with products or services, delete your personal information according to applicable laws, or make it anonymous.
6.7 Constrained information system automatic decision
In some business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-human automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems, algorithms, etc. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to request us to explain, we will also provide information without prejudice to our trade secrets or other rights and interests of users, social public interests.
6.8 Respond to your request above
For security, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise certify your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before you process your request. We will give an answer within 20 working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also make a complaint through our customer service. For your reasonable request, we do not charge fees in principle, but for repeated, beyond the reasonable limit of the request, we may refuse or as appropriate charge a certain cost. In particular, we have the right to reject requests for information that is not directly related to your identity, information that is repetitive for no reason, or requests for which too much technical means are needed (for example, requests necessary to develop a new system or fundamentally change existing practices), which result in risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others or which are impractical.
We shall have the right to reject your request in accordance with relevant laws and regulations in the following circumstances:
(1)Related to national security or national defense security;
(2)Related to public security, public health and major public interests;
(3)Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of judgments;
(4)There is sufficient evidence to prove that who has malicious intention or abuses his or her right;
(5)Response to your request will seriously impair the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
(6)Involving trade secrets.
7.  How we protect minors' information
7.1 If you are a minor, according to the relevant laws and regulations, we will    refuse to provide certain services to you.
7.2 If we find that you are a minor, we will refuse to provide you with certain services and delete your personal informationin accordance with the applicable law.
8.  How does your information move globally
The personal information collected and produced within the territory of relevant area will be stored within the location of the main entity of Tiger Brokers providing the service to you, except for the following circumstances:
8.1 The applicable laws have specific provisions;
8.2 Obtain your explicit authorization; or
8.3 You obtain cross-border services directly through the Internet and commit other acts on your own initiative.
In particular, our contract with the recipient requires the recipient to protect your personal information in a way that, overall, provides comparable safeguards to those in this Policy for NZ entity or the applicable requirements in the Privacy Act 2000.
In response to the above, we will ensure adequate protection of your personal information under this Policy.
9.  How is this Policy Updated
Our Privacy Policy may be updated and adjusted from time to time.
Without your consent, we will not limit your rights under this Policy. We will show you the latest version of the Privacy Policy on a special page (e.g. Me → Settings → Privacy Policy). We will also provide even more significant notifications for major changes (including notifying you, sending emails to you or even providing you with pop-up tips).
Material changes referred to in this Policy include but are not limited to:
9.1 Our service model has changed significantly. For example, the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way to use personal information, etc.;
9.2 We have a significant change in control and other aspects, such as mergers and acquisitions caused by the information controller change;
9.3 Changes to the main objects of sharing, transfer or public disclosure of personal information;
9.4 There are significant changes in your right to participate in personal information processing and the way in which you exercise such right;
9.5 Changes in the department, contact information and complaint channel responsible for handling personal information security;
9.6 Personal information security impact assessment report shows that there is a high risk.
10.  How to contact us
10.1 If you have any questions, comments or suggestions relating to this Policy or to your personal information or when you believe there has been a privacy breach, please contact online customer service by visiting the official website, send emails to service@ tigerbrokers.com or dial our customer service phone number 400-603-7555, etc.
10.2 We have the Security Department, the Personal Information Protection Commissioner, which you can contact by sending an email to security@tigerbrokers.com.
10.3 Under normal circumstances, we will reply to your comments within 20 working days after receiving them. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if you think that our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also complain or report to the relevant regulatory departments.
10.4 Our Contact details in New Zealand:
If you have any questions, feel that your privacy has been compromised in any way, or want to make a complaint, please contact the privacy and data protection officer:
by email, at service@ tigerbrokers.com
by letter at: Privacy and data protection officer, Level 27 151 Queen Street, Auckland Central, New Zealand, postcode 1010
If you have been through our complaints and resolution process but are not satisfied, you can use one of these independent dispute resolution services:
Office of the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
Online: privacy.org.nz (https://privacy.org.nz/)
Phone: 0800 803 909
(From overseas) +64 (0)4 47407590
Email: enquiries@privacy.org.nz
10.5 Our Contact details in Australia:
Office address: 2801/25 Bligh Street, Sydney, NSW, 2000
Phone:+612 9169 6999
Email: clientservice@tigerbrokers.com.au
Tiger Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd Privacy Supplement
This supplement is produced for Tiger Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“TBSPL”). At TBSPL, we understand that your privacy is important, and we endeavor to protect your personal information.
1. Purpose of Privacy Supplement
Tiger Singapore is bound by and acts in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) and relevant Acts in Singapore (“Privacy Requirements”). As part of the Tiger Group, TBSPL collects and manages your personal information in accordance with group standards as well as with Privacy Requirements. Please read the Tiger Group’s Privacy Policy (“Policy”) in conjunction with this supplement.
2. What information and how do we collect?
We collect your personal information when you register for an account with us or use our services or products.
In addition to the personal information we collect from you during account opening, we may collect information about you from public registers, including government administered databases, or other information aggregating services when we assess your application for an account, or any of the products and services we offer.
As part of the account opening requirement, we may collect or verify your personal information via telephone.
Your agreement to this supplement constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of such calls.
We generally do not collect your personal data unless:
(a)it is provided to us voluntarily by you directly or via a third party who has been duly authorized by you to disclose your personal data to us after (i) you (or your authorized representative) have been notified of the purposes for which the data is collected, and (ii) you (or your authorized representative) have provided your consent to the collection and usage of your personal data for those purposes, or
(b)collection and use of personal data without consent is permitted or required by the PDPA or other laws. TBSPL shall seek your consent before collecting any additional personal data and before using your personal data for a purpose which has not been notified to you in the Policy or this Supplement. (except where permitted or authorized by law).
3. What do we use your personal information for?
We may collect and use your personal data for any or all of the following purposes:
(a)performing obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods and/or services requested by you;
(b)verifying your identity;
(c)responding to, handling, and processing queries, requests, applications, complaints, and feedback from you;
(d)managing your relationship with us;
(e)processing payment or credit transactions;
(f)sending you marketing information about our goods or services including notifying you of our marketing events, initiatives and promotions, lucky draws, membership and rewards schemes and other promotions;
(g)complying with any applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or rules, or to assist in law enforcement and investigations conducted by any governmental and/or regulatory authority;
(h)any other purposes for which you have provided the information;
(i)transmitting to our affiliates or any unaffiliated third parties including TBSPL’s third party service providers and agents, and relevant governmental and/or regulatory authorities, whether in Singapore or abroad, for the aforementioned purposes; and
(j)any other incidental business purposes related to or in connection with the above.
The purposes listed above may continue to apply even in situations where your relationship with us (for example, pursuant to a contract) has been terminated or altered in any way, for a reasonable period thereafter (including, where applicable, a period to enable us to enforce our rights under any contract with you).
4. Will your personal information be passed on to any third parties?
We may disclose your personal data:
(a)where such disclosure is required for performing obligations in the course of or in connection with our provision of the goods or services requested by you;
(b)to third party service providers, agents and other organisations we have engaged to perform any of the functions listed in the purposes above for us.
(c)to affiliates within Tiger Brokers;
(d)to other financial services institutions or similar entities that we deal with as a result of the nature of our business or in relation to the products and services that you utilize (e.g. including third-party services or information providers accessible through our websites, sub-custodians or other third party brokers);
(e)to external services providers including consulting, legal, accounting or audit firms;
(f)to regulatory and government bodies in Singapore and in other countries;
(g)to professional firms engaged by us to match your personal information against government records; or,
(h)to other third parties as required by a court with jurisdiction.
5. Will you be able to withdraw your consent earlier provided to us?
Yes. The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will remain valid until such time it is being withdrawn by you in writing. You may withdraw consent and request us to stop using and/or disclosing your personal data by submitting your request in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below.
Upon receipt of your written request to withdraw your consent, we may require reasonable time for your request to be processed and for us to notify you of the consequences of us acceding to the same, including any legal consequences which may affect your rights and liabilities to us. In general, we respond to your request within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving it.
Please note that depending on the nature and scope of your request, we may not be able to continue providing our products or services to you and we shall, in such circumstances, notify you before completing the processing of your request. Should you decide to cancel your withdrawal of consent, please inform us in writing in the manner described above.
6. Can you access, update, correct your personal data which we hold about you?
Yes. If you wish to make (a) an access request for access to a copy of the personal data which we hold about you or information about the ways in which we use or disclose your personal data, or (b) a correction request to correct or update any of your personal data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing or via email to our Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided below. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible. In general, we respond to your request within thirty (30) calendar days of receiving it.
Please note that a reasonable fee may be charged for an access request. If so, TBSPL will inform you of the fee before processing your request.
7. How do we protect your personal data?
As we outlined in the Policy, to safeguard your personal data, we have introduced appropriate administrative, physical and technical measures to secure all storage and transmission of personal data by us, and disclosing personal data both internally and to our authorized third party service providers and agents only on a need-to-know basis.
You should be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure. While security cannot be guaranteed, we strive to protect the security of your information and are constantly reviewing and enhancing our information security measures.
8. How long do we retain your personal data?
We may retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, or as required or permitted by applicable laws.
We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purpose for which the personal data was collected, and is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes.
9. What else should you know about data protection?
In order to ensure that your personal data is current, complete and accurate, please update us if there are changes to your personal data by informing our Data Protection Officer in writing or via email at the contact details provided below.
10. Transfers of personal data outside of Singapore
We generally do not transfer your personal data to any other entities in the countries outside of Singapore. However, if we do so, typically in cases where provision of the products and/or services requested by you requires us to do so, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to receive a standard of protection that is at least comparable to that provided under the PDPA.
11. Who to contact?
You may contact our Data Protection Officer if you have any enquiries or feedback on our personal data protection policies and procedures, or if you wish to make any request, in the following manner:
Data Protection Officer
Email address: dpo@tigerbrokers.com.sg
Contact number: +65 6950 0591 or +65 6331 2277
12. Effect of notice and changes to notice
We may revise Policy and this Supplement from time to time without any prior notice. You may determine if any such revision has taken place by referring to the date on which this Notice was last updated. Your continued use of our services constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of such changes.
If the download button clicks without skipping, click on the top right menu and select "Open in Browser."