GamePoint Helpdesk
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Minimum requirements
Delete account
Connection Policy
Game Information
Coins & Memberships
Promotional Guidelines
FAQ
About GamePoint
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
GAMEPOINT.COM TERMS OF USE
These terms were last updated on the 4th of November 2024.
1. About these terms
1.1 GamePoint B.V. is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and existing under the laws of The Netherlands, with its principal office at (2514 EE) The Hague, at the Lange Voorhout 30-32 and is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce under file number: 27280781. GamePoint (“we”, “us” or “our”) is an online entertainment network with game specific websites, including www.gamepoint.com in relation to our website at www.gamepoint.com (“Website”), games that are made available via our Website (“Game” or “Games”), and any related services such as mobile apps and installable games on desktop (GamePoint Play) (together with the Website and Games, the “Services”). These terms apply to all and any use of the (content of the) - Services. You - agree that by accessing and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms and our Privacy Notice (see paragraph 10 below).
1.2 - You are only allowed to use the Services if you are at least 18 years of age. By accessing and/ or using our Services, you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age.
Bingo cards purchased but not used within a period o
1.3 You can access these terms at any time at www.gamepoint.com/help/. We can make changes to these terms at any time in accordance with paragraph 15 below and your continued use of our Services shall confirm your acceptance of the updated terms.
2. About accessing and using our Services
2.1 The specific game rules and guidelines for each Game can be found underneath the Game itself or in our FAQ section. Such rules, scoring rules, controls and guidelines form part of these terms and you agree that you shall comply with them in respect of each individual Game which you choose to access and/or play.
2.2 The charge for any individual item you can purchase via our games and Website shall be as stated on our Website at the time you place the order, except in the case of obvious error. The charged amount includes all sales taxes and other charges. Depending on which bank and/or payment processing partner you use, additional charges may be issued; we have no control over this and are not liable for compensating these additional charges if applicable. If you are unsure whether you will be subject to such additional charges then you should check this with your bank or the payment processing partner, before making a purchase via our Services. We accept payment via different payment processing partners, which are listed when you open our deposit screen and can differ per country. Our payment processing partners may have their own terms and conditions and you should ensure you agree with these prior to making any payment. If your transaction with our payment processing partners is not successful, then your purchase will not be fulfilled. Upon the completion of a successful payment transaction your purchase will be fulfilled to you as soon as possible – we aim to fulfill your order immediately at the point of purchase.
2.3 You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for using our Services. You should ask your mobile operator or internet service provider if you are unsure what these charges will be, before you play.
2.4 We have the right to withdraw or modify one or more of our Games or any other part of our Services (in whole or in part) without liability to you from time to time:
for technical reasons (such as technical difficulties experienced by us or on the internet);
to allow us to improve user experience;
where we have legal reasons for doing so (including privacy or other legal objections to the content or conduct of our Services);
because it no longer makes business sense for us to provide the relevant Game or part of our Services, or
because we have altered the services we provide.
2.5 There may also be times when our Services or any part of our Services is not available for technical or maintenance related reasons, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. Our Services are ‘as is’, meaning that we cannot guarantee our Services to be always 100% bug free, however we do strive for the best performance possible and will solve know bugs in future updates of our Services.
3. Accounts
3.1 You agree that you shall take all steps necessary to protect your log-in details and keep them secret. You agree that you shall not give your log-in details to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your log in details or account. In these terms, references to “login details” or “account” include your log-in details and account for any social network or platform that you may allow our Services to interact with.
3.2 If you fail to keep your login details secret, or if you share your login details or account with someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you accept full responsibility for the consequences of this (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any losses or harm that may result. Consequences can, but are not limited to (permanent) account bans.
3.3 We will not be responsible to you for any loss that you suffer because of an unauthorized person accessing your account and using our Services and we accept no responsibility for any losses or harm resulting from its unauthorized use, whether fraudulently or otherwise.
3.4 We reserve the right to delete your account if no activity is conducted by you in relation to the account for 180 or more days. In such event, you will no longer be able to access and/or use any Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods (as defined below) associated with that account and no refund will be offered to you in relation to the same.
3.5 You understand that if you delete your account, or if we delete your account in accordance with these terms, you may lose access to any data previously associated with your account (including, without limitation, the level or score you have reached in our Games and any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods associated with your account).
3.6 You hereby declare that all information provided is truthful.
4. Virtual Goods and Virtual Money
4.1 Our Games may include virtual currencies such as Coins, XP, Bingo Cards, Diamonds and points (“Virtual Money”) or items or services for use with our Games (“Virtual Goods”). You can buy Virtual Money or Virtual Goods from us for real money if you are at least 18 years old. You agree that Virtual Money and Virtual Goods can never be exchanged for real money, real goods or real services from us or anyone else. You also agree that you will only obtain Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods from us, and not from any third party.
4.2 You do not own Virtual Goods or Virtual Money but instead you purchase a limited personal revocable license to use them – any balance of Virtual Goods or Virtual Money does not reflect any stored value.
4.3 You agree that all sales by us to you of Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are final and that we will not refund any transaction once it has been made. If you live in the European Union, you have certain rights to withdraw from distance purchases. However, please note that when you purchase a license to use Virtual Goods or Virtual Money from us, the performance of our services begins promptly once your purchase is complete and therefore your right of withdrawal is lost at this point. Therefore, from the moment Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods have been acquired, no refund or withdrawal will be accepted. You understand that Virtual Money and Virtual Goods are perishable goods and will disappear after being used.
4.4 We reserve the right to control, regulate, change or remove any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods without any liability to you. Purchased Bingo cards that are not used within a of two year period will automatically expire. Bingo Cards provided as gifts by employees, or acquired through the completion of collections or the fulfilment of personal missions, are valid for a period of one year from the date of issuance. All other Bingo Cards distributed free of charge during in-game or promotional events (e.g., Bonus Boards) expire after 90 days.
4.5 Without limiting paragraph 3.5, if we suspend or terminate your account in accordance with article 7 of these terms you will lose any Virtual Money and Virtual Goods that you may have, and we will not compensate you for this loss or make any refund to you.
5. User conduct and content
5.1 You must comply with the laws that apply to you in the location that you access our Services from. If any laws applicable to you restrict or prohibit you from using our Services, you must comply with those legal restrictions or, if applicable, stop accessing and/or using our Services.
5.2 You promise that all the information you provide to us on accessing and/or accessing our Services is and shall always remain true, accurate and complete always.
5.3 Information, data, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, tags, chat (public or private) or other materials may be sent, uploaded, communicated, transmitted or otherwise made available via our Services by you or another user (“Content”). You understand and agree that all Content that you may have sent when using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you (and not us) are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available via our Services.
5.4 You agree not to upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available any Content:
that is or could reasonably be viewed as unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene, misleading, untrue or otherwise objectionable;
that involves the abuse and exploitation of children through deceit, force or manipulation;
that is or could reasonably be viewed as invasive of another's privacy;
that is (reasonably) likely to be discriminatory, incite violence or racial or ethnic hatred;
that is erotic and/ or pornographic;
which you do not have a right to make available lawfully (such as inside information, information which belongs to someone else or confidential information);
which contains hyperlinks, torrents or similar information of which you know or ought to know that it refers to material that infringes the (intellectual) property rights of others;
which infringes any intellectual property right or other proprietary right of others;
which consists of any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', 'pyramid schemes' or any other form of solicitation or
which contains software viruses, or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
5.5 You agree that you will not:
use our Services to harm anyone or to cause offence to or harass any person;
'harvest', 'scrape' or collect any information about or regarding other people that use our Services, including, but not limited to any personal data or information (including by uploading anything that collects information including but not limited to 'pixel tags' cookies, graphics interchange formats ('gifs') or similar items that are sometimes also referred to as 'spyware' or 'pcms' (passive collection mechanisms);
sell, transfer or try to sell or transfer a GamePoint account or any part of an account including any Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods;
disrupt the normal flow of a Game or otherwise act in a manner that is likely to negatively affect other players' ability to compete fairly when playing our Games or engaging in real time exchanges;
disobey any requirements or regulations of any network connected to our Services;
use our Services in violation of any applicable law or regulation;
use our Services to encourage the abuse or exploitation of children in any way possible;
use our Services to cheat or design or assist in cheating (for example, by using automated means or third party software to play), or to otherwise circumvent technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, or to do anything else that a reasonable person is likely to believe is not within the spirit of fair play or these terms; or
use our Services in any other way not permitted by these terms;
use another person or entity’s email address to sign up to use our Services;
use our Services for fraudulent or abusive purposes (including, without limitation, by using our Services to impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person, entity or our Services);
disguise, anonymize or hide your IP address or the source of any Content that you may upload;
use our Services for any commercial or business purpose or for the benefit of any third party or to send unsolicited communications;
remove or amend any proprietary notices or other ownership information from our Games or any other part of our Services;
interfere with or disrupt our Services or servers or networks that provide our Services;
attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of our Services, or to defeat or overcome any of our encryption technologies or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by us.
You will always do your best to maintain a positive atmosphere.
5.6 We do not control Content posted on our Services by other people and therefore we do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of that Content. You understand that when using our Services, you may be exposed to Content that you may consider offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any losses or harm of any kind resulting from the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via our Services.
5.7 We have the right to remove uploaded Content from our Services at our sole discretion. We will use this right if we decide that  the Content results in or from a breach of any part of these terms, or that it may bring us or our Services into disrepute amongst other scenarios. However, you acknowledge that we do not actively monitor Content that is contributed by people that use our Services and we make no undertaking to do so.
5.8 You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of our Services.
6. Playing our Games with other users
6.1 All of our Games allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially with other users. You may be able to (i) choose to play against another user or (ii) play against or play socially with another player on a platform or social network.
6.2 By accessing and/or playing those of our Games which allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially, you agree to your display name, profile picture (avatar), scores, and other related details being displayed to other users.
7. Your breach of these terms and terminating your access
7.1 We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to our Services (including by deleting your account) if we reasonably believe that you are in material breach of these terms (including by repeated minor breaches). Without limitation, any breaches of paragraphs 5.4 or 5.5 are likely to be considered material breaches.
7.2 In the event of violations of Terms of Use relating to child abuse and exploitation, we will, upon becoming aware of such, remove the Content, block the Account and report it to the local authorities.
7.3 You agree to compensate us, according to law, for all losses, harm, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach of these terms by you.
7.4 GamePoint reserves the right to terminate your access to our Websites and Services.
8. Liability
8.1 We exclude liability for any loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising, including without limitation any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss whether or not such arises out of any problem you notify to us and we shall have no liability to pay any money by way of compensation, including without limitation all liability in relation to:
any incorrect or inaccurate information on the Website and all interruptions to or delays in updating the Services;
the infringement by any person of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party caused by their use of the Website;
any amount or kind of loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect a user's computer equipment, software, data or other property caused by persons accessing, using or downloading Games or communications or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from us or our licensees;
the availability, quality, content or nature of the other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties;
all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms which but for this notice would have effect, and
we do not warrant that the operation of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free.
9. Intellectual property
9.1 You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to our Services (other than Content which is contributed and owned by players) is owned by or licensed to us.
9.2 Whilst you are in compliance with these terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, revocable limited license to access and use our Services (but not the related object and source code) for your own personal private use, in each case provided that such use is in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our Services for anything else.
9.3 It is prohibited to copy, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative work from our Services or any part of our Services unless we have first agreed to this in writing.
9.4 In particular, and without limiting the application of paragraph 9.3, you must not make available any cheats or technological measures designed to control access to, or elements of, our Services, including providing access to any Virtual Currency and/or Virtual Goods, whether on a free of charge basis or otherwise.
9.5 By submitting Content (as defined in paragraph 5.3) via our Services you:
are representing that you are fully entitled to do so;
grant us and our group companies the right to edit, adapt, publish and use your entry and any derivative works we may create from it, in any and all media (whether it exists now or in the future), for any purpose, in perpetuity, without any payment to you;
acknowledge that you may have what are known as “moral rights” in the Content, for example the right to be named as the creator of your entry and the right not to have work subjected to derogatory treatment. You agree to waive any such moral rights you may have in the Content, and
agree that we have no obligation to monitor or protect your rights in any Content that you may submit to us, but you do give us the right to enforce your rights in that Content if we want to, including but not limited to taking legal action (at our cost) on your behalf.
9.6 It is prohibited to copy, distribute, make available to the public or create any derivative work from any Content belonging to any other user of our Services. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed by someone else over the internet, you may contact via the contact form or in written and include:
a description of the intellectual property rights and an explanation as to how they have been infringed;
a description of where the infringing material is located;
your address, phone number and email address;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that (i) you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use of material in which you own intellectual property rights is not authorized, and (ii) the information that you are providing is accurate, correct, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed, and
a physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that has allegedly been infringed.
10. Privacy
10.1 We will only collect, process, use and share your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Notice and as set out in these terms. By using our Services, you give your consent to us collecting, processing, using and sharing your personal data in this way in order for us to be able to provide our Services. If you do not agree to our Privacy Notice you should not access and/or use our Services.
10.2 Any personal information that we collect may also be subject to the privacy notice of any social network that you may agree to link our Services to. If you play our Games and you agree to allow them to interact with a social network you are giving us permission to use any information which that social network shares with us that will allow us to personally identify you. You are also granting us permission to help your contacts on that network find you so that you can play socially. This is intended to make our Games more enjoyable for you and others that play our Games on that social network. If you do not agree to these practices you should not allow our Games to interact with your social network.
10.3 We may use cookies, or similar technologies to store certain types of information each time you use our Services. They may for example be used to help us recognize your device and to ensure that your account is accessed by the person that inputs the correct username and password for that account. You can find out more about how we use cookies and other similar technologies by reading our Privacy Notice.
11. Links
11.1 We may link to third party websites or services from our Services. You understand that we make no promises regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and we do not endorse the same. We are also not responsible to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties. Any charges you incur in relation to those third parties are your responsibility. You understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing it in accordance with their privacy notice (if any) and our own privacy notice does not apply in relation to that data.
12. Indemnity
You agree (upon request by GamePoint) to indemnify and hold GamePoint harmless against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses or costs, including lawyers’ fees resulting from the following (including because of your direct activities on or via the Service or on behalf of yourself):
Your Content or your access to the use of the Service;
Your breach or suspected breach of these terms;
Your infringement on any third-party rights, including any intellectual property, publication, confidentiality, ownership or privacy rights.
Your violation of laws, rules, requirements, codes, statutes, regulations of a government or semi-government authority, including all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; or
A misrepresentation by you.
You shall cooperate fully in the defense against a claim as required by GamePoint. In the event of any matter in which indemnification is required of you, GamePoint reserves the right of exclusive defense of and control over the matter, and in no event shall you settle a claim without prior written consent from GamePoint.
13. Transferring these terms
13.1 We may wish to transfer all or a part of our rights or responsibilities under these terms to someone else without obtaining your consent. You agree that we may do so provided that the transfer does not significantly disadvantage you. You may not transfer any of the rights we give you under these terms unless we first agree to this in writing.
14. Entire agreement
14.1 These terms set out the entire agreement between you and us concerning our Services (as defined in paragraph 1) and they replace all earlier agreements and understandings between you and us. If you also access or play our Games via other platforms (for example, by downloading our Games to play via an App Store, or by accessing our Games via any other third-party website or service, including, without limitation, Facebook) then different terms and conditions apply in respect of those Games.
15. Changes to these terms
15.1 You can find these terms at any time by visiting www.gamepoint.com/help. We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time by posting the updated version at that address. We may do so because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.
16. Severability
16.1 If any part of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable local laws or by an applicable court, that part shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect as nearly as possible our original intentions and the remainder of these terms shall remain valid and enforceable.
17. Waivers of our rights
17.1 Our failure to exercise or enforce any of our rights under these terms does not waive our right to enforce such right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by us.
18. Complaints and dispute resolution
18.1 Most concerns can be solved quickly by contacting us through our Contact form. In the unlikely event that we cannot solve your concern and you wish to bring legal action against us these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands (including the provisions of Section 3, Title 5, Book 6 of the Dutch Civil Code) and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in The Hague, The Netherlands.
19. Questions about these terms
19.1 If you have any questions about these terms or our Games you may contact us through the Contact form. For legal matters you can send an email to legal@gamepoint.com
19.2 These terms were last updated on the 21st of  April 2021.
19.3 All content within the website of GamePoint is property of GamePoint B.V. (Chamber of Commerce Number 27280781, The Hague The Netherlands) and licensed under GamePoint B.V. All games are developed by GamePoint B.V. and its suppliers. The games are owned by GamePoint B.V.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 26
th
of October 2021
1. Introduction
1.1 GamePoint makes great games that offer fun, social and entertainment experiences for everyone to enjoy. We at GamePoint respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games, website(s) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time (“Services”). In this document we refer to GamePoint B.V. as “GamePoint” “us”, “we” or “our” and we refer to you as “you” and “your”.
1.2 This document, the "Privacy Policy", explains how we collect, process and store any personal data belonging to you, meaning information about you which is personally identifiable. This may include your name, address, telephone number, profile picture (avatar) or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this Privacy Policy as "Personal Information" or “data”. This Privacy Policy is to be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use of our website(s).
1.3 By accessing and/or using our Services, you consent to us collecting, processing, storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to our Services, you must be at least 18 years old to access and use our Services
2. About us
2.1 GamePoint B.V. is a limited liability company, duly incorporated and existing under the laws of The Netherlands, with its principal office at Lange Voorhout 30-32, (2514 EE) The Hague, The Netherlands and is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce under file number: 27280781.
3. Information we collect about you, and how we collect it
3.1 We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide us with as you fill in forms when using our Services, or when you create an account with us;
details of your use of our Services, your online browsing behavior and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you play our games or visit our website(s), or which device(s) you use to access our Services), unique machine-generated identifiers and online identifiers;
if you contact us, respond to messages or communications that you receive from us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
your interactions with us on our social media channels, and
information we collect via cookies, as explained further below.
3.2 GamePoint uses several data categories for personal information. Depending on the use of our Services, we may use personal information about you from one or more of the following unique data categories: Precise location coordinates, IP address, Name, Age, Gender, Address, Email address, Profile picture, Unique machine generated identifiers, Behavioral data, Online identifiers and Other identifiable data.
4. Cookies
4.1 We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device. Cookies help us make your experience of using our website as smooth and as relevant to you as possible. They show us what you and other users do on our website, which helps us make the whole experience better for everyone.
4.2 We use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
to allow our payment processors means to process your payment instructions;
to provide you with more customized Services, for example personalized advertisements and to provide our Services to you in your preferred language, and
to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using our Services so that we can improve them.
4.3 By accessing our website(s) or using our Services, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of our Services if you do so.
4.4 GamePoint uses several cookie categories to group cookie functionalities. Depending on the use of our Services we may use cookies from the following categories:
Partner ID
Collected data:Online identifiers
Tracking and behavior
Collected data: Online identifiers, Precise location coordinates, IP Address, Behavioral data, Unique machine generated identifiers
Time zone
Collected data: Precise location coordinates
Current session
Collected data: Online identifiers, Behavioral data
Last played games
Collected data: Online identifiers, Behavioral data
Auto login
Collected data: Online identifiers
Redirects
Collected data: Online identifiers, IP Address, Unique machine generated identifiers
Terms
Collected data: Online identifiers
5. Payment Information
5.1 When you purchase Services on our website(s), we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers. When you purchase items via our apps or third parties we do not collect, or store any payment information from you.
6. How will we use your Personal Information?
6.1 You agree that we may use your Personal Information for the purposes of:
contacting you, for example as part of our customer service or to send you updates about our Services through e.g. push notifications, e-mails and targeted social media messages;
managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services;
research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
marketing and promotion of our Services, such as our live shows like Wacky Wednesday or Bingo Inside, or related products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on behalf of ourselves or a third party. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Services. If you do not want us to use your data in this way you can disable our newsletters by going to our website, the Support section, and then the Privacy settings. There, you can uncheck the box where you allow newsletter to be sent;
for serving personalized advertisements in and around our games;
creating reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services;
preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention, and
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
7. Will we share your Personal Information with third parties?
7.1 We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our partner platforms):
with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use, to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you);
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors);
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified by it;
when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example, by providing a testimonial about one of our Services) we may publish the information you submitted, alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of GamePoint, our users, or others, and/or
if there is a sale of the assets of GamePoint or corporate restructuring, or because of a change of control of GamePoint or one of its group companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which GamePoint transfers of sells GamePoint’s assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.
8. Interaction with third party social networks or platforms
8.1 You may allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform, which will provide data about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of or controlled by GamePoint. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
8.2 You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) so that you may enjoy playing socially. This data includes your name, your social media profile picture (avatar) and your scores and/or progress in our games.
8.3 You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us, or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third-party provider, however you may find you are not able to enjoy all the same features of our Services.
8.4 GamePoint allows users, amongst other things, to share game results on third party social network or platforms, which might include your player name, (profile) photos and other content you sent, uploaded or submitted to and/or via GamePoint.
9. How long will we retain your information?
9.1 We will retain your Personal Information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with Services. We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing Services to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between members, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy or any other agreement we may have with a user. As soon as your Personal Information is no longer required for the purpose it was collected for or to provide you with access to our services, we will delete your Personal Information from our database.
10. Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas?
10.1 Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
11. How do we protect your Personal Information?
11.1 The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar games developers. However, since the Internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our Games will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
12. Links from our Services
12.1 We may provide links to third party websites from our Services. You understand that when you click on these links any data which you provide thereafter is subject to such a third party’s privacy policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavor only to link to reputable websites, GamePoint takes no responsibility for the content, safety or security of any third-party website.
13. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
13.1 You have the right to inspect your information. As such, you can request a copy of the information that we hold regarding you. If you would like a copy of your Personal Information, please contact us through the contact form using your player name – charges up to €22.50 may incur.
13.2 We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You can adjust this information yourself by logging in on our website and updating your profile.
13.3 Should the Personal Information requested by you contain factual inaccuracies, which you cannot correct yourself on the website, GamePoint can correct these for you. In this case, the inspection costs will be declared void.
13.4 Information that you have shared via our Services on any social network or third-party platform cannot be adjusted or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third-party platform. In addition, where any third-party copies information which you have made available via the use of our Services (for example, one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account), we may not be able to adjust or delete it because it may not be in our control.
13.5 You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, or to unsubscribe, you can change your newsletter settings.
13.6 If you would like to request that we delete your Personal Information you can contact Customer Support by clicking
here
. Make sure your playername is included in your request.
14. Breach of the Terms of Use
14.1 You understand that in the event of our platform being misused, or if you display undesirable behavior, GamePoint can use your Personal Information to (temporarily) block your access to our platform.
15. How to contact us
15.1 To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us using our contact form. For legal matters you can send an email to legal@gamepoint.com
16. Complaints
16.1 We hope that you won’t have any complaints about us or our Services. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department by using our contact form. You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem.
17. Legal matters
17.1 If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
16.2 This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of The Netherlands. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in The Hague, The Netherlands.
17.3 We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve our Services and our games. We may therefore adjust this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. We aim to keep you updated about significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using our Services and close any account you may have with us.