Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 2nd January 2024
Glossary
1. Personal Information We Collect
2. How We Use Your Personal Information
3. How We Share your Personal Information: Trainers, Performance Centers, EXOS and EXOS-affiliate Sites
4. How we Share your Personal Information: Schools, Professional Sports Organizations and Government
5. Third Party Advertisers
6. Your Rights and Choices
7. How We Hold And Protect Your Personal Information
8. International Data Transfers
9. Children's Privacy
10. Links to Other Websites
11. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
12. Contact Information
13. Our EU Representative
We at BridgeAthletic, Inc. (“BridgeAthletic,” “we,” or “us”) take your privacy very seriously. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of the types of personal information we collect, how we use this information, with whom we share it, how we secure this information, and the choices you can make about our use of your personal information in the context of the BridgeAthletic Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources.
BridgeAthletic relies on collecting information, including personal information, from you to produce personalized workout plans that are customized for your specific body type, fitness level, training or fitness goals, and are practical given your schedule and resources. “Personal information” means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Our computer algorithm relies on these various inputs to produce exercise recommendations and schedules. We may at times work with third parties to present offers and advertisements which we believe are relevant to you, and may also customize the content and user experience based on your information.
Our main purpose in collecting such information is to provide you with an excellent service and overall user experience. We strive to maintain transparency and will not use or share your personal information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Use.
1. Personal Information We Collect
We may obtain personal information about you from various sources:
1.1. User-Provided Information
When you register for a Member account with the Service, request a demo, or otherwise submit information through the Service, you may provide us information about yourself, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, organization, city and country. You may also provide Fitness Information, including sex, height, weight, body type, age, birth date, general health, physical injuries, fitness level, workout goals, training or fitness goals, desired intensity, body part focus, fitness milestones, fitness resources and equipment, exercise preferences, workout schedule, and workout history. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages. We may also retain any messages you send through the Service and any User Content you post to the Service.
Mobile Image Upload Disclosure: Images uploaded via our iOs, Android apps are uploaded to
www.bridgeathletic.com
, and can be accessed via our web and mobile apps.
1.2. Information collected automatically
1.1.1 Cookie Information
When you visit the Service, we may use cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to identify your browser help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information about how you browse the Service to us. If you do not want us to use cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services. The Services do not respond to browser do-not-track signals.
1.1.2 Log File Information
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use the Service, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
1.1.3 Pixel Tags Information
When you use the Service, we may employ pixel tags (also known as clear gifs or web beacons), which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. In addition, we may also use pixel tags in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make BridgeAthletic better for our users.
1.1.4 Location Information
We may also collect general or specific location information from your computer (using your IP address) or mobile device (using GPS information), subject to any applicable privacy settings, and on your consent where required under applicable law.
1.1.5 Third Party Services
BridgeAthletic may use third party products or services to help understand and analyze your use of the Service. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
2. How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use the personal information we collect:
To operate, maintain, enhance and provide features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions, and otherwise to provide support to users. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your prior opt in consent to provide you with some of the features of our Service, in particular with regards to personal information about your health.
To contact you for administrative and informational purposes. This may include providing customer service or sending communications, including changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. Some of these activities have additional rules, which could contain additional information about how we use and disclose your information.
To personalize your experience on the Services by presenting products and offers tailored to you, and to send you marketing communications about these products and offers.
To understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Services, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, security, fraud monitoring and prevention; determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns; and operating and expanding our business activities.
To enforce our Terms of Service or other legal rights.
We may de-identify or aggregate data collected through the Services and may use and disclose it for any purpose.
3. How We Share your Personal Information: Trainers, Performance Centers, EXOS and EXOS-affiliate Sites
BridgeAthletic will not share your personal information with any third parties except as described below or as otherwise disclosed to you when we collect your personal information:
To our third party service providers who provide services on our behalf, such as website hosting, payment processing, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, online advertising, and other services. We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of personal information they process on our behalf.
By you, on message boards, chat, and other services to which you are able to post User Content. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
To our partner Athletes’ Performance, Inc. (“EXOS”), if you are using a BridgeAthletic product featuring EXOS content, to analyze your use of such product (based on our and EXOS’ legitimate interests to perform data analyses). We will only share your health information with your consent. For more information, see EXOS’ privacy policy.
To third-party partners, such as sponsors in the context of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and activities (“Events”) on the Service. If you provide personal information to such third parties, these companies are responsible for the processing of such information for that purposes. We do not control third parties’ use of your information. If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a third party, you can choose not to participate in these Events.
To a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
4. How we Share your Personal Information: Schools, Professional Sports Organizations and Government
BridgeAthletic will not share your personal information with any third parties except as described below or as otherwise disclosed to you when we collect your personal information:
To our third party service providers who provide services on our behalf, such as website hosting, payment processing, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, and other services.We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of personal information they process on our behalf.
By you, on message boards, chat, and other services to which you are able to post User Content. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may become public within your organization and may be available to other users within your organization.
To a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is appropriate:
under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;
to comply with legal process;
to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence;
to enforce our terms and conditions;
to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates;
to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and
to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
We do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. We may use and disclose information that does not identify or otherwise relate to an individual for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
5. Third Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services, based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services. To do so, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice, or would like to learn about your choices, please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
In addition, we may share information that do not directly identify you (such as de-identified usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain BridgeAthletic services. BridgeAthletic may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Service. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on BridgeAthletic. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content. BridgeAthletic does not provide any information that directly identifies you to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or as required under applicable law. However, please note that if an advertiser asks BridgeAthletic to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach.
In addition, third-party advertisers may use information (not including your name, address, email address, body information, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. BridgeAthletic is not the entity responsible for the processing of your information by third-party ad servers or ad networks. The BridgeAthletic Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers for more information.
6. Your Rights and Choices
You may have certain rights under applicable law regarding the personal information we maintain about you. You may decline to submit your personal information through the Service, in which case BridgeAthletic may not be able to provide certain features of the Service to you. You may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by logging in to your account and modifying your account settings.
Where required under applicable law, if we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and, if you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal. In particular for marketing e-mail messages, if you no longer want to receive such emails from us on a going forward basis, you may opt-out via the “unsubscribe” link provided in each such email or contact us as described in the “Contact Information” section below.
Where required under applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your personal information, or to exercise your right to data portability, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. In addition to the above-mentioned rights, you also always have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority subject to applicable law.
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your personal information from our mailing lists, delete your account or submit a request to exercise your rights available under applicable law, please contact us as specified in the “Contact Information” section below. You may change your privacy settings on the Service at any time. You may also cancel your account at any time, and you will have the option to permanently delete all of your information from our records. To initiate this request, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@bridgeathletic.com
. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information.
7. How We Hold And Protect Your Personal Information
BridgeAthletic uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the personal information in our possession and implement your privacy setting. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to BridgeAthletic or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. BridgeAthletic is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from BridgeAthletic, at all times.
We also take measures to delete your personal information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it in the context of the Service or when you request their deletion.
8. International Data Transfers
We may transfer or disclose personal information to recipients outside of your country. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you originally provide your personal information. When we transfer or disclose your personal information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
In particular, to offer the Service, we will transfer your personal data to the United States of America where our headquarters are located. We participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). To learn more, read our
Data Privacy Framework Notice
.
9. Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. BridgeAthletic does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly allow such persons to register as Members. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe your child under 13 has submitted personal information to us without your consent, please contact us at info@bridgeathletic.com.
10. Links to Other Websites
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from the Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect, and this other website may have its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies.
11. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
12. Contact Information
BridgeAthletic is the entity responsible for the processing of your personal information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or complaints, or to exercise your rights, please contact us at info@bridgeathletic.com, or send mail to:
BridgeAthletic, Inc.
P.O. Box 610123
Redwood City, CA 94061
13. Our EU Representative
BridgeAthletic, Inc., which processes the personal data of individuals in the European Union, European Economic Area and/or UK, in either the role of ‘data controller’ or ‘data processor’, has appointed DataRep as its Data Protection Representative for the purposes of GDPR* in the EU/EEA and The Data Protection Act 2018 (as amended) in the UK. If BridgeAthletic, Inc. has processed or is processing your personal data, you may be entitled to exercise your rights under GDPR in respect of that personal data. For more details on the rights you have in respect of your personal data, please refer to the European Commission (
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-protection-eu_en
) or the national Data Protection Authority in your country.
BridgeAthletic, Inc. takes the protection of personal data seriously, and has appointed DataRep as their Data Protection Representative in the European Union so that you can contact them directly in your home country. DataRep has locations in each of the 27 EU countries, the UK, and Norway & Iceland in the European Economic Area (EEA), so that BridgeAthletic, Inc.’s customers can always raise the questions they want with them.
If you want to raise a question to BridgeAthletic, Inc., or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, you may do so by:
sending an email to DataRep at
datarequest@datarep.com
quoting <BridgeAthletic, Inc.> in the subject line,
contacting us on our online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
, or
mailing your inquiry to DataRep at the most convenient of the addresses in the subsequent pages.
PLEASE NOTE: when mailing inquiries, it is ESSENTIAL that you mark your letters for ‘DataRep’ and not ‘BridgeAthletic, Inc.’, or your inquiry may not reach us. Please refer clearly to BridgeAthletic, Inc. in your correspondence. On receiving your correspondence, BridgeAthletic, Inc. is likely to request evidence of your identity, to ensure your personal data and information connected with it is not provided to anyone other than you.
Country
Address
Austria
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria.
Belgium
DataRep, Rue des Colonies 11, Brussels, 1000, Belgium.
Bulgaria
DataRep, 132 Mimi Balkanska Str., Sofia, 1540, Bulgaria.
Croatia
DataRep, Ground & 9th Floor, Hoto Tower, Savska cesta 32, Zagreb, 10000, Croatia.
Cyprus
DataRep, Victory House, 205 Archbishop Makarios Avenue, Limassol, 3030, Cyprus.
Czech Republic
DataRep, Platan Office, 28. Října 205/45, Floor 3&4, Ostrava, 70200, Czech Republic.
Denmark
DataRep, Lautruphøj 1-3, Ballerup, 2750, Denmark.
Estonia
DataRep, 2nd Floor, Tornimae 5, Tallinn, 10145, Estonia.
Finland
DataRep, Luna House, 5.krs, Mannerheimintie 12 B, Helsinki, 00100, Finland.
France
DataRep, 72 rue de Lessard, Rouen, 76100, France.
Germany
DataRep, 3rd and 4th floor, Altmarkt 10 B/D, Dresden, 01067, Germany.
Greece
DataRep, 24 Lagoumitzi str, Athens, 17671, Greece.
Hungary
DataRep, President Centre, Kálmán Imre utca 1, Budapest, 1054, Hungary.
Iceland
DataRep, Kalkofnsvegur 2, 101 Reykjavík, Iceland.
Ireland
DataRep, The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland.
Italy
DataRep, BPM 335368, Via Roma 12, 10073 , Ciriè TO, Italy.
Latvia
DataRep, 4th & 5th floors, 14 Terbatas Street, Riga, LV-1011, Latvia.
Liechtenstein
DataRep, City Tower, Brückenkopfgasse 1/6. Stock, Graz, 8020, Austria.
Lithuania
DataRep, 44A Gedimino Avenue, 01110 Vilnius, Lithuania.
Luxembourg
DataRep, BPM 335368, Banzelt 4 A, 6921, Roodt-sur-Syre, Luxembourg.
Malta
DataRep, Tower Business Centre, 2nd floor, Tower Street, Swatar, BKR4013, Malta.
Netherlands
DataRep, Cuserstraat 93, Floor 2 and 3, Amsterdam, 1081 CN, Netherlands.
Norway
DataRep, C.J. Hambros Plass 2c, Oslo, 0164, Norway.
Poland
DataRep, Budynek Fronton ul Kamienna 21, Krakow, 31-403, Poland.
Portugal
DataRep, Torre de Monsanto, Rua Afonso Praça 30, 7th floor, Algès, Lisbon, 1495-061, Portugal.
Romania
DataRep, 15 Piaţa Charles de Gaulle, nr. 1-T, Bucureşti, Sectorul 1, 011857,Romania.
Slovakia
DataRep, Apollo Business Centre II, Block E / 9th floor, 4D Prievozska, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia.
Slovenia
DataRep, Trg. Republike 3, Floor 3, Ljubljana, 1000, Slovenia.
Spain
DataRep, BPM 335368, Avd. Castilla La Mancha Nº 70-1 (Nave A), 45270, Mocejon-Toledo, Spain.
Sweden
DataRep, S:t Johannesgatan 2, 4th floor, Malmo, SE - 211 46, Sweden.
Switzerland
DataRep, Leutschenbachstrasse 95, ZURICH, 8050, Switzerland.
United Kingdom
DataRep, BPM 335368, 372 Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London, United Kingdom.
BridgeAthletic, Inc., which delivers, or targets the delivery of, a digital service in European Union and European Economic Area, has appointed DataRep as its Legal Representative for the purposes of the Digital Services Act* in the EU/EEA.
BridgeAthletic, Inc. takes their obligations to deliver a safe and legal service seriously, and has appointed DataRep as their Legal Representative in the European Union so that you can contact them directly about concerns you may have, and to report illegal content which you identify.
If you want to raise a question to BridgeAthletic, Inc. regarding these issues, you may do so by:
sending an email to DataRep at
digitalrequest@datarep.com
quoting <BridgeAthletic, Inc.> in the subject line.
contacting us on our online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
, or
mailing your inquiry to DataRep at DataRep. The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12 H1XY, Republic of Ireland.
PLEASE NOTE: when mailing inquiries, it is ESSENTIAL that you mark your letters for 'DataRep' and not 'BridgeAthletic, Inc.' or your inquiry may not reach us. Please refer clearly to BridgeAthletic, Inc. in your correspondence.
If you have any concerns over how DataRep will handle the personal data we will require to undertake our services, please refer to our privacy notice at
www.datarep.com/privacy-policy
.
* Regulation (EU) 2022/2065
×
We use cookies to improve your experience on our sites. Read more about why we use them and how to recognize them by visiting our
Privacy Policy
.
By continuing to use this site you indicate your consent to use of cookies.