LithoByte, Co. PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: January 23, 2024
LithoByte, Co. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”) (collectively, the “Services”).  By providing Personal Information to us or using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
We and our service providers may collect Personal Information through the Services when you voluntarily submit it to us.  “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual, such as name, and/or email address, or may be able to identify you in conjunction with other information.
How We May Collect Personal Information
We collect certain information from your mobile device, including but not limited to the following:
Location Information
that allows us to periodically determine your location.
We may collect this information even if you are not currently using the application.
You should be able to adjust your settings on your Android or iOS mobile device to prevent our collection of Location Information by disabling Location for your device or our app(s) in particular.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
Provide you location based services. By way of example (but not limitation): we may use your location in one of our transit apps to give you information about the station, stop, or train nearest you.
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, for example, information regarding the Services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We use the information to operate and improve our services, provide user and other support, including to our third-party business partners, provide you with information when you carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our parent, subsidiaries, or other affiliated entities (collectively, “affiliates”) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may share the information with their own third party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to operate and improve their services, provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them; and carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent. We do not share your name or email address.
OTHER Information
Other Information We May Collect
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual.
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser or device:  Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh, etc.), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, region, language, Internet browser type, wireless carrier and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) you are using.  We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Through your use of the App:  When you download and use the App, we and our service providers may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers, what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number, your planned and selected trips, and errors you have encountered.  You may opt out of the collection of such information by our analytics service provider Flurry by going to
http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html
. We may also collect Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.
Using cookies:  Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using.  Cookies allow us and our service providers to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences and other anonymous traffic data.  We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Services.  We also gather statistical information about the use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and to assist us with resolving questions regarding them.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site.  You may also wish to refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
.  If you do not accept these cookies, however, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services.  For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log-in every time you visit.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies:  Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Services and response rates.
IP Address:  Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider.  An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services.  We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels of the Services, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Services.
Physical Location:  We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals.  We and our service providers may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content, or as diagnostic information to improve functionality.  We may combine the location of your device with your Personal Information if you report a functionality error to us.
From you:  Information, such as your preferred means of communication, is collected when you voluntarily provide it.  Unless combined with Personal Information, it does not personally identify you.
By aggregating information:  Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you or any other user (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it as described in “How We May Collect Other Information” section above, as well as for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.
We may share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may share the information with their own third party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to operate and improve their services, provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them; and carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent. We do not share your name or email address.
In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information.  If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link.  The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including for any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately contact us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
Use of Services by MINORS
The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the Services.
DO NOT TRACK
Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) features.  We interpret the DNT feature to apply to third party tracking on a website.  Since we do not allow third parties to track users on our Sites, we take no action when we receive a DNT signal.
JURISDICTION
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., Social Security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health or criminal background) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy.  The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when it was last revised.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.  Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
ephherd@gmail.com
.  Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card information or sensitive information in your emails to us.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...