Skip to main content
This privacy policy will govern the use of the Application and associated Service(s) developed/provided by Next Wave Multimedia Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "We"or “Company”), a Private Company Limited and having its place of business at Chennai.
Any person (hereinafter referred to as "You") using the Application shall be governed by this Privacy Policy. By agreeing to use the Application and accepting the Terms and Conditions before installing the Application, You agree to abide by this Privacy Policy.
1. Collection of Information
We collect Personal and Non-personal information from You to allow You the usage of our Application. Each time You use our Application, non-personal information, such as Your Internet Protocol address(s), the address of the last URL you visited prior to accessing our website, your browser and platform type, your browser language and so on may be collected by us. We may also collect personal information such as your name, address, company information, area of interest, e-mail address and so on for giving you access to the Application and may display the same information on the Application for purposes of enabling your transaction.
PERMISSIONS REQUIRED:
READ_PHONE_STATE -Enables us to send you push notifications on various updates & offers
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION - To serve you location specific ads & offers
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE & READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE - For saving your game progress, statistics, game assets, caching ads & offers
RECORD_AUDIO - This is required for zapr SDK which is integrated with this app for the purposes of profiling the device on media consumption and other device data and utilizing the same to target relevant content and ads to the device ("Services") pursuant to the terms and conditions of RBL Services.
In WCC1, RECORD_AUDIO permission is required to analyze offline TV viewing data and serve media-targeted ads. Granting this permission is optional. If you'd like to opt-out of this targeting, please visit the following link:
http://www.zapr.in/privacy
2. Use of Information
We may request information from you to allow you to use our Application and to track your usage of our Application in order to improve the facilities provided under our Application in an organized manner. We will use your information to provide you with our personalized services and to benefit you fully from the usage of our Application. We may also use your information to notify you the important changes in our Application and other information updated on the Application.
Our Application may contain links to other websites, which do not fall under the scope of this Privacy Policy. We do not hold any responsibility for the Privacy Policy of such other websites.
Your personal information may be displayed on our Application for purposes of enabling you to carry out necessary transactions.
3. Cookies
We set and access cookies on your computer’s hard drive or the memory component of your tablet, mobile or any other personal entertainment device(s), to track the preferences and trends of your searches in order to provide you with more personalized and improved services. You may reset the cookies to refuse such access by us. However, in such a case, you may not be able to access some parts or features of our Application.
4. Security and Confidentiality
We understand and recognize that privacy is very important. We take all the reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the information disclosed by You and will not disclose the information on any other forum other than Application and website and server associated thereof. We provide creation of password-protected account, which can be accessed only by You. We advise You to not share Your password with any other person and always log out before closing the browser window.
5. Third Party Disclosure
We will not disclose any of Your information to any third parties unless we are bound by law to do so. We may however disclose it to our trusted service providers or suppliers who help us in providing Service(s) to You.
6. Disclosure of Certain Information
In certain cases where we are bound by the provisions of law to disclose certain information to a law enforcing agency or to a court of law, or in cases where we are directed by a competent law enforcing agency to carry out an investigation into the activities of your account, we may do so without a notice to you. Such disclosure or investigation will not amount to breach of any privacy obligations on our part.
7. GDPR Compliance
Nextwave Multimedia is the sole data controller but does not own or direct the use of any stored client/user information.
The user holds the right to request access to the information held on them or restrict processing of the same.
The user also holds the right to erasure, right of rectification/objection of personal data.
Most of our services do not require any form of Registration, allowing you to visit our application without telling us who you are. However some services might require your personal data (eg. Creating an account). In such situations, if you choose to withhold any personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain complete access to our application and for us to respond to your query.
8.
In-Game Advertising partner
We are using Bidstack as our Ingame advertising partner.
https://www.bidstack.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.bidstack.com/terms-conditions/
Contact
If you have any queries or would like to know more information including to exercise any of your rights related to data protection/removal of account data you may contact us through our support Email ID -
cricket@nextwave.in
. The response time is 2-4 business working days.
Office Address:
Nextwave Multimedia Pvt. Ltd
,
1st Floor, Old No: 98, New No : 165,
Avvai Shanmugam Salai, Royapettah,
Chennai-600014, India.
New versions of the privacy policy may be updated from time to time.