PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on January 1, 2019.
The Temperature (the "App" and/or the "Service") is owned and operated by Meanterm Inc. ("we", "us" or "our").
USER CONSENT
When you use this App, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by us, and stored on our servers, when you make use of the App and how the information may be used. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time and therefore we recommend you check back periodically for the most updated form of Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Statistical Information
We may collect and aggregate non-identifying information regarding your use of our Service, including, inter alia, username, UID and App's sent and received Statistical Information. In addition, we may also collect information about the device you’re using the App on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Personal Information
We do not ask or collect any of your personal information.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Statistical Information
Statistical Information shall be used to ensure the adequate operation, improve, modify, cancel, enrich or adjust the Service, in general or to your area of interest. We reserve the right to use and disclose Statistical Information (in the form collected) to third parties, including, inter alia, potential and actual advertisers, sponsors, business partners, investors, affiliates and consultants, at our sole discretion.
Personal Information
Your Personal Information shall be used by us solely in order to allow and enable the proper and enjoyable use of the services offered through the feature and in accordance with any applicable law. We will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party, unless:
required under law, regulation, court order or equivalent.
to report or prevent suspected criminal activity.
in case of a suspected emergency that may threaten any person or the general public.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Note that although we take measures to secure the information and reduce the risk of unwanted disclosure, we cannot guarantee the information will not be exposed as a result of unauthorized penetration to our servers.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may at any time make changes to this Privacy Policy. We shall notify you of any changes by posting notice of such changes on https://www.meanterm.com ("Website"). Your continued use of the Service after we make any such changes constitutes your binding acceptance of those changes. Notwithstanding, changes to our Privacy Policy, regarding information we may collect or use or disclosure of collected information, shall only take effect 7 days after posting notice of such changes on the Website.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at ask@meanterm.com
Meanterm Inc. Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea, 04389