News
Beta News
Beta FAQ
Privacy
News
Beta News
Beta FAQ
Privacy
Logick Privacy Policy
Effective January 1, 2020
Changelog
January 1, 2020
Improved overall readability
Added CCPA section
Thank you for using our apps! This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to Logick's mobile applications, website and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on logick.app. If we make any material changes, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify you by posting a notice in the Service or making a public announcement prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
The data we collect
Data you provide us
Your messages to the Service (such as emails or messages to our social media accounts)
Other data you choose to give us (such as device info to aid us in fixing a glitch you experienced)
Data we collect automatically
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data (not precise GPS coordinates)
Data about your use of the Service, such as anonymized usage statistics or crash logs
Why do we collect your data
To make the Service work
We process data in order to provide a proper Service.
To make the Service more suitable for our users
To provide a great Service to our users, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Develop and improve the Service and user experience
Manage our relationship with you
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide user support
To show personalized advertisements
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options' below.
To keep the Service secure
We have a legitimate legal interest to protect certain parts of the Service, such as web servers, from unauthorized access. Thus, every server in the Service maintains access logs and error logs (collectively, "Logs") for security and maintenance purposes.
Logs usually do not collect enough information to reliably identify any user directly or indirectly (IP addresses can change and do not always map directly to one person or group of people), so requests for the retrieval of Log data will likely not be granted to protect the privacy interests of other users.
Likewise, requests for deletion may be denied in some cases if we need to maintain that data for security purposes or have a reasonable expectation (based on Log data) that the request has been made to cover up malicious activity. In any case, data requests concerning Log data may be delayed a suitable amount of time to ensure that appropriate security and privacy interests (by all parties) are satisfied.
Who can see your data
Apart from Logick, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Partners working for Logick
Logick has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Logick´s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, advertising, analytics and security.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
Advertising partners
The Service includes features from our partners, such as in-app advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices. We make a reasonable effort to only do business with legitimate advertising partners that abide by appropriate privacy regulations. If you feel one or more of our advertising partners are not abiding by appropriate privacy regulations, please contact us so we can review that partner.
International data transfers
Some of our partners are global organizations that operate in many different countries. They may transfer your data out of the country that it was collected in and into another country with weaker privacy laws than your country. We make a commercially reasonable effort to ensure that those partners take appropriate measures and use appropriate safeguards in these transfers (such as the EU-US Privacy Shield principles for those partners making transfers to the United States).
Rights and options for all users
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). Alternatively, users in the European Economic Area (EEA) can opt-out from within the Apps by declining the consent request when it is presented, or revoking consent after it has been given.
Rights and options for users located in the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA)
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) gives the following rights to citizens of the EU and the EEA:
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. Note that we must be able to identify your personal data, so we may require information from you to both verify your identity and be able to locate your personal data in our records. If IP address is the only data that identifies our records (such as Log records), we may not be able to give you access to the records (in the interest of other users' privacy, since IP addresses can change and may not correlate to exactly one person).
Note that, at present, the only data we (Logick) collect and store is Log data. All other data is collected and stored by our partners.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object to how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent to App-related data collection by going to the Settings menu of the App.
You can make your requests by emailing us at
privacy@logick.app
. We will respond to all requests within a commercially reasonable timeframe. While emailing us is the fastest and easiest way to make your requests or ask questions, you may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Your rights regarding our partners
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to forward your requests to our partners, but we cannot guarantee their response to these requests. You may want to contact them directly to exercise your data rights.
Note that when you deny consent or withdraw your consent from within the App, we immediately revoke that consent from our partners as well.
Rights and options for California residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives the following rights to the residents of the state of California:
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. We will also provide you with details about the personal information we collect about you, such as:
Categories of personal information we collect about you
Categories of the sources we collect from
Business or commercial purposes for collecting your information
Categories of any third parties with whom we share your information
The above details are also explained in this document for your convenience.
You can request your personal information for free, up to twice per year.
Note that we must be able to identify your personal data, so we may require information from you to both verify your identity and be able to locate your personal data in our records. If IP address is the only data that identifies our records (such as Log records), we may not be able to give you access to the records (in the interest of other users' privacy, since IP addresses can change and may not correlate to exactly one person).
Note that, at present, the only data we (Logick) collect and store is Log data. All other data is collected and stored by our partners.
Delete the personal data we hold about you
You also have the right to request that we delete the personal information we hold about you, but we may deny the request if we need to retain the information in order to do any of the following:
Provide goods or services to you
Detect or resolve security issues or functionality-related issues
Comply with the law
Conduct research in the public interest
Safeguard the right to free speech
Carry out any actions for internal purposes that you might reasonably expect
Right to Non-Discrimination
Logick will not discriminate against users for exercising their rights given under the CCPA.
You can make your requests by emailing us at
privacy@logick.app
. We will respond to all requests within a commercially reasonable timeframe.
Your rights regarding our partners
We will make commercially reasonable efforts to forward your requests to our partners, but we cannot guarantee their response to these requests. You may want to contact them directly to exercise your data rights.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners may use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disabl.appe cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as needed to provide you the Service. We will regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to contact us at
privacy@logick.app
. We will do our best to help you have a secure and enjoyable Service.