PRIVACY POLICY
​
AREA X TERMS OF SERVICE
Last modified: May 16, 2020.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CONTAIN A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AS DETAILED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER SECTION BELOW. PLEASE READ CAREFULLY.
INTRODUCTION AND ACCEPTING THE TERMS
Welcome to Area X! These Terms of Service (“Terms”), which include and hereby incorporate the Privacy Policy at
https://www.areax.co.uk/privacy
(“Privacy Policy”), are a legal agreement between Area X Ltd. and its related companies (the “Company,” “us,” “our,” or "we") and you ("you" or “your”). By using or accessing the Area X application (the “App”) or the website located at
http://areax.co.uk/
(the "Site"), which are collectively referred to as the “Service,” you agree (i) that you have 13 years of age and the minimum age of digital consent in your country, (ii) if you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction or over, that you have read, understood, and accept to be bound by the Terms, and (iii) if you are between 13 (or the minimum age of digital consent, as applicable) and the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms.
The Company reserves the right to update these Terms, which we may do for reasons that include, but are not limited to, complying with changes to the law or reflecting enhancements to Area X. If the changes affect your usage of Area X or your legal rights, we’ll notify you no less than seven days before the changes take effect. Unless we state otherwise, your continued use of the Service after we post modifications will constitute your acceptance of and agreement to those changes. If you object to the changes, your recourse shall be to cease using the Service.
​
RIGHTS TO USE THE SERVICE
The Service provides a news and social platform. The Service may allow you to access certain software and/or other content that is available to purchase from the Company. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, the Company grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use and access the Service. You agree not to (and not to attempt to) (i) use the Service for any use or purpose other than as expressly permitted by these Terms;(ii) copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast, attempt to discover any source code, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise exploit the Service or any portion of the Service, except as expressly permitted in these Terms; or (iii) use data mining, robots, spiders, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on the Service. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any intellectual property rights owned or controlled by the Company or its licensors, except for the permissions and rights expressly granted in these Terms.
The Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. The Company reserves the right to refuse any user access to the Services without notice for any reason, including but not limited to a violation of the Terms. If you violate these Terms, the Company reserves the right to issue you a warning regarding the violation or immediately terminate or suspend any or all Accounts you have created using the Service. You agree that the Company need not provide you notice before terminating or suspending your Account(s), but it may do so.
​
YOUR ACCOUNT
You are responsible for your log-in credentials and for any activity resulting from the use of your log-in credentials or other activity on your account (“Account”) on the Service. Upon launching the App or the Service, if you do not already have an Account, you may be prompted to create one by providing a username and in some cases a password. You may also be required to provide a valid email address or other information to access or utilize certain applications or features. You represent and warrant that the information you provide to us upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current, and complete. We reserve the right to reject any username or to terminate your username or prevent use of a username in our sole discretion, and without any liability to you. You will ensure that your e-mail address is kept accurate and up-to-date at all times. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your log-in credentials and are fully responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your credentials or otherwise on your Account. You agree to notify us immediately if you believe the confidentiality of your log-in credentials has been compromised or if you suspect unauthorized use of your Account. You agree that we will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from unauthorized use of your credentials.
​
COMMUNICATIONS
You agree to receive communications from us electronically, such as email, text, or mobile push notices, or notices and messages on the Service. For any direct marketing messages, we will ensure that we obtain your consent first, and also make it easy for you to opt out — we don’t want to send you messages you don’t want.
By using the Service or providing information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service, and that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Area X provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
You may use the Service to send messages to other users of the Service. You agree that your use of the Service will not include sending unsolicited marketing messages or broadcasts (i.e., spam). We may utilize a variety of means to block spammers and abusers from using the Service. If you believe spam originated from the Service, please email us immediately at
areaxapplication@gmail.com
​
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All rights, title and interest in and to all materials that are part of the Service (including, but not limited to, designs, text, graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement), except for Your Content, collectively referred to as the "Service Materials,” are, as between the Company and you, owned by the Company and/or its third party licensors. You acknowledge and agree that you shall not acquire any ownership rights whatsoever by downloading Service Materials or by purchasing any Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods (each as defined below). You agree that you shall not modify, copy, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, scrape, display, post, transmit, or sell in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, or otherwise exploit the Service Materials without our express prior written permission. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Service or by accessing any Service Materials posted on the Service by the Company, or any derivative works thereof. All rights not expressly granted by these Terms are reserved by the Company and its licensors, and no license is granted hereunder by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
​
YOUR CONTENT
Any data, text, graphics, photographs and their selection and arrangement, and any other materials uploaded to the Service by you is “Your Content.” You represent and warrant that Your Content is original to you and that you exclusively own the rights to such content, including the right to grant all of the rights and licenses in these Terms without the Company incurring any third party obligations or liability arising out of its exercise of such rights and licenses. All of Your Content is your sole responsibility and the Company is not responsible for any material that you upload, post, or otherwise make available. By uploading, distributing, transmitting or otherwise using Your Content with the Service, you grant to us a perpetual, nonexclusive, transferable, royalty-free, sublicensable, and worldwide license to use, host, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display Your Content in connection with operating and providing the Service. The Company does not guarantee the accuracy, quality, or integrity of any user content posted. By using the Service, you acknowledge and accept that you may be exposed to material you find offensive or objectionable. You agree that the Company will not under any circumstances be liable for any user content, including, but not limited to, errors in any user content, or any loss or damage incurred by use of user content. The Company reserves the right to remove and permanently delete Your Content from the Service with or without notice for any reason or no reason. You may notify the Company of any user content that you believe violates these Terms, or other inappropriate user behavior, by emailing
areaxapplication@gmail.com
​
RULES OF CONDUCT AND USAGE
The Service provides communication channels such as forums, communities, or chat areas ("Communication Channels") designed to enable you to communicate with other Service users. The Company has no obligation to monitor these communication channels but it may do so in connection with providing the Service. The Company may also terminate or suspend your access to any Communication Channels at any time, without notice, for any reason. You acknowledge that any user content (including without limitation chats, postings, or materials posted by users) on the Communication Channels is neither endorsed nor controlled by us. The Company will not under any circumstances be liable for any activity within Communication Channels. The Company is not responsible for information that you choose to share on the Communication Channels, or for the actions of other users. As a condition of your use of the Service, and without limiting your other obligations under these Terms, you agree to comply with the restrictions and rules of use set forth in these Terms and our Community Guidelines as well as any additional restrictions or rules (such as application-specific rules) set forth in the Service. As an example, you agree not to use the Service in order to:
·       post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is objectionable as outlined in our Community Guidelines;
·       defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate or abuse anyone;
·       engage in conduct that is fraudulent or illegal or otherwise harmful to Area X or any other user;
·       upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs or engage in any other activity that may damage the operation of the Service or other users' computers;
·       violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party including using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any information made available through the Service in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or publicity);
·       attempt to obtain passwords or other private information from other members;
·       improperly use support channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to us;
·       develop, distribute, or publicly inform other members of "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs or other "cheat utility" software program or applications in violation of the applicable license agreements; or
·       exploit, distribute or publicly inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage; violate any applicable laws or regulations; or promote or encourage illegal activity including, but not limited to, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, compromised accounts, or cheats or hacks for the Service.
These rules of use are not meant to be exhaustive, and we reserve the right to determine what conduct we consider to be a violation of the Terms, Community Guidelines or improper use of the Service and to take action including termination of your Account and exclusion from further participation in the Service.
​
FEEDBACK
We appreciate hearing from our users and welcome your comments regarding the Service. If you choose to provide feedback, comments or suggestions for improvements to the Service or otherwise (in written or oral form) (“Feedback”), you represent and warrant that (a) you have the right to disclose the Feedback, (b) the Feedback does not violate the rights of any other person or entity, and (c) your Feedback does not contain the confidential or proprietary information of any third party or parties.
By sending us any Feedback, you further (i) agree that we are under no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback, (ii) acknowledge that we may have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in development, (iii) grant us an irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide license to use, modify, prepare derivative works from, publish, distribute and sublicense the Feedback, and (iv) irrevocably waive, and cause to be waived, against Area X and its users any claims and assertions of any moral rights contained in such Feedback. This Feedback section shall survive any termination of your account or the Services.
All rights in this section are granted without the need for additional compensation of any sort to you.
​
THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
We use third-party services to help us provide the Service, but such use does not indicate that we endorse them or are responsible or liable for their actions. In addition, the Service may link to third-party websites to facilitate its provision of services to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Service. Please note that your use of such third-party services will be governed by the terms and privacy policy applicable to the corresponding third party. Some of these third-party websites may use Service Materials under license from us. We are not responsible for nor do we endorse these third-party websites or the organizations sponsoring such third-party websites or their products or services, whether or not we are affiliated with such third-party websites. You agree that we are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings you may have on or through a third-party website or as a result of the presence of any third-party advertising on the Service.
​
USER DISPUTES
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the Service and other parties that you come in contact with through the Service. The Company hereby disclaims any and all liability to you or any third party relating to your use of the Service. The Company reserves the right, but has no obligation, to manage disputes between you and other users of the Service.
COPYRIGHT
Copyright Complaints. The Company respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify the Company of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. The Company will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to the Company’s Copyright Agent at
areaxapplication@gmail.com
(Subject line: “DMCA Takedown Request”). To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information:
·       an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
·       a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
·       a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service, with enough detail that we may find it on the Service;
·       your address, telephone number, and email address;
·       a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law;
·       a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
If you submit a notice of infringement that knowingly materially misrepresents that any Content, information, or communication on the Services is infringing upon a copyright, you may be held liable for damages and attorneys’ fees.
Counter-Notice. If you believe that Your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in Your Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
·       your physical or electronic signature;
·       identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
·       a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, the Company will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.
Repeat Infringer Policy. In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, the Company has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at the Company's sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. The Company may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Service and/or terminate the memberships of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
​
TERMINATION
You may terminate your Account at any time and for any reason by contacting The Company at
areaxapplication@gmail.com
. The Company may terminate your Account and your access to the Service (or, at the Company's sole option, applicable portions of the Service) at any time and for any reason. The Company is not required to provide you with any notice or warning prior to any such termination. You may, as the result of termination, lose your Account and all information and data associated therewith, including without limitation your Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods, as applicable, and the Company is under no obligation to compensate you for any such loss.
​
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
THE SERVICES AND THE SERVICE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IN ADDITION, WHILE THE COMPANY ATTEMPTS TO PROVIDE A GOOD USER EXPERIENCE, WE CANNOT AND DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS BE SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SERVICES WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT DELAYS, DISRUPTIONS, OR IMPERFECTIONS. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS SHALL APPLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE OR OTHER MATERIALS ON, ACCESSED THROUGH OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE DAMAGES.THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR MORE THAN THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO US IN ACCORDANCE WITH THESE TERMS IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU FIRST ASSERT A CLAIM OR (B) $100. THE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THESE TERMS DO NOT PURPORT TO LIMIT LIABILITY OR ALTER RIGHTS THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHICH MEANS THAT SOME OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN THESE JURISDICTIONS, Area X’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
You specifically acknowledge that the Company shall not be liable for user content, including without limitation Your Content, or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right or any third party agreement; or (iv) any of Your Content or information in your Account or any other information you post or share on or through the Service. As used in this section, "you" shall include anyone accessing the Service using your password
VIRTUAL CURRENCIES, VIRTUAL GOODS, AND TERMS OF SALE
We will not charge you a fee to use the basic functionality of the Service, but fees may be charged for certain products and services. For additional terms regarding our Area X Pro subscription service, please see the “Area X Pro Subscriptions” section below.
Product Descriptions. We try to make the Service thorough, accurate, and helpful to our customers. Nonetheless, there may be times when certain information contained on the Service may be incorrect, incomplete, or inaccurate, or appear inaccurate because of the browser, hardware, software, or other technology that you use. Area X reserves the right, with or without prior notice, to: change descriptions or references to products and/or services; limit the available quantity of any product or service; honor, or refuse to honor, any coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions; and/or refuse to provide any visitor to, or use of the Service with any product or service.
Availability and Pricing. Though we try to honor all purchase requests, availability cannot always be guaranteed. When an item is not available and cannot be replenished — for example, if we offer a limited promotion — we will attempt to remove the item from the Service in a timely manner but make no guarantees in this regard. We may occasionally make errors in the stated prices on the Service. If a product’s correct price is higher than the listed price, we will either confirm that we’ll provide the item at the price listed or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Payments. We accept major credit cards, certain debit cards, PayPal, and/or such other payment methods we may make available to you from time-to-time through our Service, as forms of payment (“Payment Method”). We may also offer you the ability to make orders through a third party app store or other payment service. You agree to comply with their terms and any other requirements they may have. By submitting an order, you authorize Area X, or its designated payment processor, to charge the account you specify for the purchase amount.
We may, in our sole discretion, cancel your payment at any time by providing notice to you through your contact information or by a notice when you attempt to make a payment. We may cancel a payment or prevent you from initiating future payments for any reason, including, without limitation, the following: (i) if you attempt to use the Service in breach of any applicable law or regulation, including the card network rules or regulations; (ii) if you use the Service in breach of these Terms; (iii) if we suspect fraudulent, unlawful or improper activity regarding a payment; (iv) if we detect, in our sole discretion, that your payments have excessive disputes, high reversal rates or present a relatively high risk of losses; or (v) failure to cooperate in an investigation or provide additional information when requested.
Taxes. Stated prices may not include sales and use taxes. If they do not, you are responsible for the payment of such taxes related to your purchase. We have the right to charge you for any taxes that we are required to pay or in fact collect related to your purchase.
Manufacturer EULAs and Other Terms. You may be required to accept an end user license agreement (EULA) or other terms provided by the manufacturer prior to use of the product you ordered. A EULA or other terms may accompany the product you ordered.
AREA X SUBSCRIPTIONS
Recurring Billing. By purchasing an Area X subscription, you authorize us to charge your Payment Method on a recurring (e.g., monthly or yearly) basis for the applicable Area X subscription charge, any and all taxes or possible transaction fees, and any other charges incurred in connection with your use of the Area X subscription service. Your payment to Area X will automatically renew at the end of your applicable subscription period, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of the current subscription period.
Price Changes. Area X may change the price for Area X subscriptions from time to time, and will communicate any price changes to you in advance and, if applicable, how to accept those changes. Price changes for Area X subscriptions will take effect at the start of the next subscription period following the date of the price change. As permitted by local law, you accept the new price by continuing to use Area X after the price change takes effect. If you do not agree with the price changes, you have the right to reject the change by unsubscribing from Area X prior to the price change going into effect. We don’t want to charge you for something you don’t want, though, so if you cancel within 14 days of any price increases, we’ll provide you a refund.
Cancellation. You may cancel your Area X subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to Area X through the end of the current subscription period. If you cancel your subscription before the end of the current subscription period, we will not refund any subscription fees already paid to us. At our sole discretion, however, we may provide a refund, discount. To cancel, go to the " Settings" screen on your mobile device and follow the instructions for cancellation.
IOS APPLICATIONS
The following additional terms and conditions apply with respect to any App that the Company provides to you designed for use on an Apple iOS-powered mobile device (an “iOS App”):
·       You acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Area X only, and not with Apple, Inc. (“Apple”).
·       Your use of the Company’s iOS App must comply with Apple’s then-current App Store Terms of Service.
·       The Company, and not Apple, are solely responsible for our iOS App and the Services and Content available thereon. You acknowledge that Apple has no obligation to provide maintenance and support services with respect to our iOS App. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to our iOS App.
·       You agree that the Company, and not Apple, are responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third-party relating to our iOS App or your possession and/or use of our iOS App.
·       You agree that the Company, and not Apple, shall be responsible, to the extent required by these Terms, for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party intellectual property infringement claim related to our iOS App or your possession and use of our iOS App.
·       You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) You are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
·       You agree to comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using our iOS App (e.g., you must not be in violation of your wireless data service terms of agreement when using the iOS App).
·       The parties agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries to these Terms as they relate to your license of the Company’s iOS App. Upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as they relate to your license of the iOS App as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
Blank Page: Our App
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://areaex.com/home/privacy/:
Skip to main content
AreaEx.com
Buy now:
$1,995
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
See details
30-day money back guarantee
Take immediate ownership
Safe and secure shopping
AreaEx.com
This domain is for sale:
$1,995
Buy now for
$1,995
or pay
$83.13
per month for 24 months
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
This domain is for sale:
$1,995
▸ Buy now
Processing
or
▸ Start payment plan
Processing
See details
Favorite
Hurry, 2 people have it in their carts
Questions? Talk to a domain expert:
1‑303‑893‑0552
Enjoy zero percent financing
Quick delivery of the domain
Safe and secure shopping
Since 2005, we've helped thousands of people get the perfect domain name
N
Patrick and his team performed flawlessly. Very happy with the premium domain name we bought and the price we paid for it. People who complain about this company do not understand that a company is only responsible for the services it describes and commits to. HugeDomains can and should be trusted as a major player in the domain sales market.
- N. Sidhu, December 16, 2024
m
Easy and efficient. Was worried about all of the bad reviews...we experienced none of that. If you need a site they have I would recommend without hesitation. They had the site we needed and bought it. Perfect...end of story.
- mark lindsay, December 16, 2024
L
The process was very easy purchasing the domain. And the HugeDomains website is easy to use and navigate.
- Lisa Warman, December 16, 2024
J
everything was secure, smooth and easy
- Jose Antonio Quirarte Balderas, December 10, 2024
C
Process went smooth, although the domain price was higher than the market value. Also got in touch with the Support team and they were helpful. All in all, nothing to complain about reg. buying process or technical support.
- Cedric Vanier, December 10, 2024
See more testimonials
Our promise to you
30-day money back guarantee
HugeDomains provides a 100% satisfaction guarantee on every domain name that we sell through our website. If you buy a domain and are unhappy with it, we will accept the return within 30 days and issue a full refund – no questions asked.
Quick delivery of the domain
In most cases access to the domain will be available within one to two hours of purchase, however access to domains purchased after business hours will be available within the next business day.
Safe and secure shopping
Your online safety and security is our top priority. We understand the importance of protecting your personal information.
We protect your information through SSL encryption technology, providing the safest, most secure shopping experience possible. Additionally, you may checkout with PayPal or Escrow.com.
FAQs
See more FAQs
How do I transfer to another registrar such as GoDaddy?
Yes, you can transfer your domain to any registrar or hosting company once you have purchased it. Since domain transfers are a manual process, it can take up to 5 days to transfer the domain.
Domains purchased with payment plans are not eligible to transfer until all payments have been made. Please remember that our 30-day money back guarantee is void once a domain has been transferred.
For transfer instructions to GoDaddy, please
click here
.
How do I get the domain after the purchase?
Once you purchase the domain we will push it into an account for you at our registrar, NameBright.com, we will then send you an email with your NameBright username and password. In most cases access to the domain will be available within one to two hours of purchase, however access to domains purchased after business hours will be available within the next business day.
What comes with the domain name?
Nothing else is included with the purchase of the domain name. Our registrar NameBright.com does offer email packages for a yearly fee, however you will need to find hosting and web design services on your own.
Do you offer payment plans?
Yes we offer payment plans for up to 12 months.
See details
.
How do I keep my personal information private?
If you wish the domain ownership information to be private, add WhoIs Privacy Protection to your domain. This hides your personal information from the general public.
To add privacy protection to your domain, do so within your registrar account. NameBright offers WhoIs Privacy Protection for free for the first year, and then for a small fee for subsequent years.
Whois information is not updated immediately. It typically takes several hours for Whois data to update, and different registrars are faster than others. Usually your Whois information will be fully updated within two days.
See more FAQs
Your Web address means everything – watch our video see why
Your Web address means everything
watch our video see why
Other domains you might like
PackArea.com
▸ See domain
$5,695
AreaMat.com
▸ See domain
$995
DtArea.com
▸ See domain
$995
Quick stats
Domain length
6 characters
Keywords
Area
,
Ex
Base domain
AreaEx
TLD extension
.com
AreaEx.com
▸ Buy now
▸ Start Payment Plan