PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
We are trying to provide you with the best experience while playing our game. Besides, it is our policy to respect our users' privacy. We intend for the following information to provide you with an overview of these processes so you can understand them. Remember that we only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you as we collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
If you choose to use our Service, you agree to collect and use information about this policy. The Personal Information we collect and use to provide and improve the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy statement
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Google ID, Name, e-mail address, and phone number. The information we request will be retained and used as described in this privacy policy. Your phone number and email address revive your game account if you lose access to it, and this reviving feature is optional, meaning there is no force to submit the email or phone number.
The game uses third-party services that may collect information to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the game:
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the app configuration when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that commonly use a unique anonymous identifier. When you visit, send to your browser from the website and keep it in your internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You can either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is sent to your device. If you decline our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing our Service.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information. Thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, the redirect will direct you to that site. Note that we do not operate these external sites.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at:
quiz.sweden@gmail.com
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps