Privacy Policy | Paisabazaar.com
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Grievance Redressal Mechanism
Intellectual Property Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Account Aggregator Terms Of Use
Credit Health Report Terms of Use
PB Credit card exclusive offers Terms of use
Privacy Policy
English
English
हिंदी
Hindi
বাংলা
Bengali
ગુજરાતી
Gujarati
मराठी
Marathi
தமிழ்
Tamil
తెలుగు
Telugu
മലയാളം
Malayalam
ಕನ್ನಡ
Kannada
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Punjabi
অসমীয়া
Assamese
ब'र
Bodo
डोगरी
Dogri
অসমীয়া
Kashmiri
कोंकणी
Konkani
मैथिली
Maithili
Manipuri
नेपाली
Nepali
ଓଡିଆ
Oriya
संस्कृत
Sanskrit
سنڌي
Sindhi
اردو
Urdu
Santali
Paisabazaar Marketing and Consulting Private Limited (“Paisabazaar”/”Company”/”Paisabazaar.com”) including online platform(s) www.paisabazaar.com and “Mobile App”
                                (Collectively “Website”) recognizes the importance of maintaining your privacy.
                                Paisabazaar.com is committed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and
                                security of all information of its users. This Privacy Policy describes how
                                Paisabazaar.com collects, stores, handles and transfers certain information received from you via the use of the Website on a need basis. This Privacy Policy applies to the visitors to our Website and our existing and future customers. By proceeding to use our Website, you are accepting and
                                consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
By using or continuing to use the Website you agree to our use of your information (including
                                sensitive personal information as defined under the Information Technology Act
                                2000, applicable rules, notification etc.) in accordance with this Privacy
                                Policy, as may be amended from time to time by Paisabazaar at its sole
                                discretion.
Your Personal data/information will be collected and stored at servers located in India by Paisabazaar Marketing and Consulting Private Limited along with its parent company (including its, representatives, affiliates, and its business partners).
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve their experience at the Website. Here are the types of information we gather-
We receive and store any information or document you enter or upload on our Website or give us in any other way, in line with the product or service opted by you and as required by us or our business partners, including your personal information like first name, last name, email address, date of birth, residence city etc. You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our services and features. We neither collect nor store your biometric information.
We may also have one time access to your camera, microphone, location and any other facility solely for the purpose of onboarding or the KYC requirements of our or our Partner's with your explicit consent, in accordance with the Digital Lending guidelines issued by RBI and as amended from time to time
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, we use "cookies" and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Website or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of the Website on other websites. A cookie is a piece of datastored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may useboth session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For session ID cookies, once you close your browser or log out, the cookie terminates and is erased. Apersistent cookie is a small text file stored on your computer’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Session ID cookies may be used by Paisabazaar.com to track user preferences while the user is visiting the website. They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing.
Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings orvisiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not able to use any Website products and services that require you to Sign in.
Paisabazaar.com collects your information
                            when you register for an account, when you use its products or services, or when you visit
                            its Website's pages. When you register with Paisabazaar.com, you are asked for
                            your first name, last name, state and city of residence, email address, date of
                            birth, and sex. Once you register at the Website and sign in you are not
                            anonymous to us. Also, you are asked for your contact number during
                            registration and you may receive SMS, notifications about our services to your
                            wireless device. Hence, by registering, you authorize Paisabazaar.com
                            (including its business partners and affiliates) to send texts and email alerts
                            to you with your login details and any other service requirements, including
                            promotional mails and SMS, even if you have registered yourself under DND or DNC
                            or NCPR services. Your authorization shall be valid as long as your account is not deactivated or unless you withdraw your consent. Paisabazaar.com may, based on your consent, also take one time access of your camera, microphone, location and other facility for the purpose of service facilitation (including onboarding, collection of data for KYC) and ease of access to our Website for the various services opted by you and in compliance with applicable laws.
Purpose for collecting information:
Assist us or our business partners in facilitating and delivering services to you, process payments and your applications, communicate with you about products, services and promotional offers.
Respond to queries, or requests submitted by you, and resolve your grievances/issues/problems regarding any services supplied to you.
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement with our business partners.
Send information to you about special promotions or offers. We might also tell you about new features or products/services. These might be our own offers or products/services, or third-party offers or products/services with whom Paisabazaar.com has a tie-up.
Use your information for internal analysis and to provide location-based services to you, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
Use this information to improve our platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from third parties.
Send notices, communications to you, and recommend services that might be of interest to you, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content and customer reviews.
When you provide your contact details, we will use it to send general notices or important news to you about your account, request your feedback or opinions and provide updates on special deals and offers that might interest you.
File storage permissions on android/iOS and Website for uploading customer documents are obtained for the purpose of processing customer applications by our Partners.
Paisabazaar Website may based on your consent also take one time access of your camera, microphone, location and other facility for the purpose of service facilitation (including onboarding, collection of data for KYC), ease of access and logging in to our Website for the various services opted by you
As otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable laws.
Some features of this Website or our Services will require you to furnish your personally identifiable information as provided by you under your account section on our Website.
Paisabazaar.com will not sell or rent or otherwise disclose your information for commercial purposes to
                        anyone in a way that is contrary to the commitments made and/or other than as set forth in this Privacy
                        Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may share your information to third parties including our
Business Partner (Banks/NBFCs)
,
CICs
, and
Service Providers
we have a tie up with and any of our affiliates, for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy.
These third parties are required to handle your information using the same level of care and confidentiality as is followed by Paisabazaar. Any accessing or processing of your information by these third parties is subject to and in accordance with contractual terms, applicable laws, our instructions and your consent. For the purposes of this paragraph, “Affiliate” shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. (The term “control” (including, with its correlative meanings, “controlled by” and “under common control with”) shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of securities or partnership or other ownership interests, by Contract or otherwise. The term "Person" includes any natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association, or any other entity).
Paisabazaar.com may also share, and/or transfer your personally identifiable information to any successor-in-interest as a result of a sale of any part of Paisabazaar.com business or upon the merger, reorganization, or consolidation of it with another entity on the basis that it is not the surviving entity.
We limit the collection and use of your personal information. We may make anonymous or aggregate personal information and disclose such data only in a non-personally identifiable manner. Such information does not identify you individually. Access to your Account information and any other personal identifiably information is strictly restricted and used only in accordance with specific internal procedures, and for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, in order to operate, develop or improve our services. We may use third party service providers to enable you to provide with our services and we require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of the information we provide to them, under our contracts with them.
We may also share your
                            information, without obtaining your prior written consent, with government
                            agencies mandated under the law to obtain information for the purpose of
                            verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation including
                            cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences, or where disclosure
                            is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation. You agree and consent for
                            the Website to disclose your information, if so required, under applicable law.
There are number of products/services such as loans, credit cards, mutual funds,
                            offered by third Parties on the Website, such as lenders, banks, credit card
                            issuers. If you choose to apply for these separate products or services and 
                            disclose your information to these providers, then their use of your information is
                            governed by their privacy policies in addition to the Privacy Policy of the
                            Website. Paisabazaar.com is not responsible for their privacy policies. We
                            encourage you to visit and read about the privacy notices and procedures
                            adopted by these third parties/providers, when you apply for their products or
                            services. Paisabazaar holds no responsibility for the content of the privacy policies or terms of use etc. of these third party websites
If you are investing
                            in our mutual fund product through our Mobile App, then you agree to the
                            following disclosure:
“Paisabazaar's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will
                            adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the
                            Limited Use requirements. Paisabazaar app helps in tracking the
                            performance of mutual fund investments, that may have been done via multiple
                            channels/platforms over time, which can be otherwise cumbersome for
                            consumers. Here, the basic consumer need is to be able to see and monitor
                            all mutual fund investments together at one place.
To be able to provide this, post customer consent, the Paisabazaar Website reads only the Mutual
                            Fund CAS email statement (that includes details of all MF investments) received
                            by the investor/customer every month and provides customers with a
                            complete and comprehensive mutual fund dashboard on a single screen. This not
                            only offers an enhanced consumer experience but helps them check, track and
                            compare all active mutual fund investments together at one place, enabling
                            informed financial decisions.
Paisabazaar stores your personal information only at servers located in India. Information of our customers are retained for meeting the servicing requirements of our customers, except as mandated in our arrangements with our business partners to provide services to you, unless such consent is withdrawn by you. Retention of information is done as per this policy and in compliance with applicable law/regulatory requirements in India.
In the following situations, Paisabazaar may retain your information for an extended period (i) in case of requirement of any investigations under law or as part of any requirements before courts/tribunals/forums/commissions etc; (ii) to enhance/improve our products/services and (iii) as required under contractual arrangements with business partners.
Paisabazaar may retain your credit report, and credit score from Credit bureaus, including but not limited to a copy of your consumer credit report including credit score, at any time for (i) a limited period of six months or (ii) till such time the credit information is required to be retained to satisfy the purpose for which it was provided or (iii) until you withdraw your consent to store such Consumer Credit Information. For more details, kindly refer
Credit Report Terms of Use
Provisions in line with RBI’s Digital Lending Guidelines
Any information of our customers taken for the purpose of facilitating digital lending services are retained for a period of eight years for meeting the servicing requirements of our customers. This duration will be determined from the most recent instance of customer accessing Paisabazaar services. Please note that Paisabazaar may need to retain basic identification details to comply with applicable legal and compliance requirements.
It's important to note that the information we use about you helps us provide you with products,
                            services and experiences that benefit you. You have the ability to control how
                            your non-personal information is collected and used online.
You also have the ability to choose what personal information, including sensitive personal
                            information (i.e. your financial information) you provide to us, restrict
                            disclosure of your information to third parties, however, please note that this
                            may affect your seamless access to such product/ service as opted by you.
                            However, if you choose not to provide all of the mandatory information and data
                            that is requested of you, we may not be able to provide you with the Services
                            that you have subscribed to.
We believe you should be able to choose what kinds of information you receive via email/SMS. If you
                            do not want to receive marketing materials by email/SMS, just indicate your
                            preference on the contact information for your account or the 'opt-out' or
                            unsubscribe link provided in our marketing emails and you can also write to us
                            at care@paisabazaar.com. Please note that it may take about 10 days to process
                            your request. Please keep in mind that we will continue to notify you by email
                            /SMS/via phone calls regarding your services with us, even after you have opted
                            out.
You can review the information that you have provided to us by logging into your
                            account at the Website and correct or amend any personal information or
                            sensitive personal data or information to ensure that the information or data
                            you provided us is accurate and/or not deficient. Paisabazaar.com is not
                            responsible for the authenticity of any personal information or sensitive
                            personal data or information supplied to it by you or any third party.
If you feel that we do not require the retention of your personal information or if you ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you think we do not have the right to process it, we shall destroy or delete such Customer information. You may, at any time while availing of our Services or otherwise, withdraw the consent given earlier to us to collect and use your sensitive personal data or information by writing to us at
consentrevocation@paisabazaar.com
. Post successful verification of your consent withdrawal request, the same shall be processed within a period of 45 days from the date of receipt of such request subject to successful verification. In some cases, if you may have taken Paisabazaar services we may not be in a position to delete your data. This is because as per the applicable law, we may be required to retain your data, for us/our partner banks/NBFCs to continue to provide services availed by you. We assure that such retained information shall be protected following all applicable cyber security norms.
However, in the case of you withdrawing such consent, Paisabazaar.com shall have the option to stop providing you the Services for which the information was sought. You will not be eligible for a refund of any fees paid for any service in such event and you agree that the company shall not be liable to you for the same in any manner whatsoever.
Like most standard websites, we use log files. This information may include internet
                            protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
                            referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to
                            analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate,
                            and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may combine this
                            automatically collected log information with other information we collect about
                            you. We do this to improve the services we offer to you, to improve marketing,
                            analytics or site functionality.
Paisabazaar.com is an ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified organization ensuring
                            applicable compliance standards on information security and understands that the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your
                            information are vital to our business operations and our own success. We employ
                            appropriate technical and organizational security measures at all times to
                            protect the information we collect from you. We use multiple electronic,
                            procedural, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized or
                            unlawful use or alteration of information, and against any accidental loss,
                            destruction, or damage to information.. We have put in place appropriate
                            security measures to deal with any suspected data security breach However, no
                            method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is
                            100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Further, you
                            are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your login
                            id and password, and may not provide these credentials to any third party.
During any security breach all the relevant stakeholders (both internal and relevant partners as well
                            as statutory authorities) shall be informed with the relevant information as may be required by the
                            applicable laws.
Third Party Advertising
We may use third-party advertising companies and/or ad agencies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may
                            use information (excluding your name, address, email address, or telephone number)
                            about your visits to this Website in order to provide advertisements on this
                            Website and other third-party websites about goods and services that may be of
                            interest to you.
We use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet
                            and sometimes on this Website. They may collect anonymous information about
                            your visits to Website, and your interaction with our products and services.
                            They may also use information about your visits to this and other Websites for
                            targeted advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is
                            collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology
                            used by most major Websites. No personally identifiable information is
                            collected or used in this process.
Links to Other Websites:
There might be other sites relating to our Banking and Non
                            Banking partners linked to Paisabazaar.com and other affiliates. Personal
                            information that you provide to those sites is not our property or
                            responsibility. These affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy
                            policies of these websites when you visit them. Paisabazaar holds no responsibility for the content of the privacy policies or terms of use etc. of these third-party websites.
Paisabazaar.com reserves the right to change this policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review the privacy policy. Checking the effective date below allows you to determine whether there have been changes since the last time you reviewed the statement.
The Company has appointed a Nodal Grievance Officer to redress customer grievances relating to any digital
                            lending-related complaints. The name and contact details of the Nodal Grievance Officer are provided below :
Name:
Ms. Jyotsna Popli
Address:
Paisabazaar Marketing And Consulting Private Limited
                                Plot No.135, Sector-44, Gurugram-122001, Haryana
Email:
servicehead@paisabazaar.com
Call at:
0124-3509999
(Lines are open Mon-Sat from 9:30am to 6:30pm)
If you have questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, we can be reached using the contact information on our Contact Us page or at
care@paisabazaar.com
In case you have any grievances or want to address any discrepancy with respect to the processing of
                            any of the information/data you provided to Paisabazaar.com, please contact our Data Grievance Officer. The name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Name:
Mr. Mukesh Sharma
Designation:
Chief Technology Officer, Paisabazaar
Address:
Paisabazaar Marketing And Consulting Private Limited
                                Plot No.135, Sector-44, Gurugram-122001, Haryana
Tel:
0124 - 4562900
Fax:
0124 - 4562902
Email:
grievance-officer@paisabazaar.com
If you have questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, we can be reached using the contact information on our Contact Us page or at
care@paisabazaar.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on:
04 March 2025
Get Credit Score for
FREE!!! 🤩
Detailed reports;
No charges.
Exciting offers await you!
Swipe up
to explore.