Skip to content
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
updated: 29 May 2023
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the Policy) governs the processing of personal data of users of software products developed by Vipera Games sp. z o.o. and websites with the domain name “vipera.games”(hereinafter referred to as the Services).
We attach great importance to the protection of your personal data, so take a moment to find out more about our Privacy Policy and contact us if you have any questions.
1. Terms and Definitions
1.1. For the purposes hereof, the following terms and definitions are used:
Web-sites –
web-sites with domain name “vipera.games”
We (Vipera Games)
– Vipera Games sp. z o.o.
You (User)
– any individual that is using functional features of the Services and has reached the age of full legal capacity in accordance with the legislation of the country of their citizenship.
Services
– software products developed by
Vipera Games sp. z o.o.
and its subsidiaries, parent companies and other companies under common ownership.
Adventure Games Action Casual
Battle Royale io Games Casual
Crush Match 3 Puzzle Games
Gangster Mafia Grand Crime
Reality Games VR 360 Simulator
Word Games Crossword Puzzle
as well as websites with the domain name “vipera.games”.
2. Scope
2.1. This Policy shall govern any interaction between Vipera Games sp. z o.o. and users related to personal data when using the Services.
2.2. This Policy neither governs nor determines the rights and obligations of third parties. It also does not apply to third-party applications or software available to users for integration with the Services. Thus, if you integrate any third-party applications with our Services, we will not be able to control how such applications process your personal data.
2.3. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree with the provisions and scope hereof.
3. Who determines the purposes and means of personal data collection?
3.1. The purposes and means of how your personal data is collected in these Services are determined by the following legal entity:
Vipera Games sp. z o.o.
Ozimska 184/10
45-310 Opole, Poland
email (general questions):
office@vipera.games
email (personal data questions):
office@vipera.games
4.1. Personal data is any information that could enable direct or indirect identification of a person (e.g., their name, passport details, online identifier, etc.).
4.2. In accordance herewith, personal data may be collected both directly and indirectly.
(1) Personal data are collected directly when you provide them voluntarily (e.g. when registering in the Services).
(2) Indirect collection of personal data may occur automatically when accessing the Services, including through cookies.
4.3. We collect the required minimum of your personal data for the purposes hereof:
(1)
game events:
session start, advertising start, character’s death, window opening, etc .;
(2)
user data
: user device screen size, geolocation, user device memory size, user device model, used device ID, user device operating system and its version, user device language, user device time zone, user IDs, device advertising id, user traffic source;
(3)
information about errors.
5. Data Processing, Storage and Protection
5.1. “Processing” is understood as at least one of the following: storage, modification, retrieval, disclosure, structuring, use, destruction as well as any other action with respect to your personal data.
5.2. We will process your personal data only for the following purposes and on the following legal grounds:
Data type
Processing purposes
Legal basis
Retention period
Game events
We process your game events so that you can use all the functionality of the Services.
Legal interest in providing services.
Within 3 years from the last use of the Services.
User data
We process your user data so that you can use all the functionality of the Services.
Legal interest in providing services and improving the Services.
Within 3 years from the last use of the Services.
Information about errors
We process your information about errors in order so that continuously improve our Services.
Legal interest in improving the Services.
Within 3 years from the last use of the Services.
5.3. Subject to data anonymisation, your personal data may be used by Vipera Games sp. z o.o. for any other purposes.
5.4. We do not not use automated decision-making tools (including profiling) in personal data processing. Automated decision-making tools primarily include those systems that process your personal data without human intervention to make decisions that may have potential legal consequences for you.
5.5.Your personal data will be stored on the servers of our counterparties that we are using for operating our Services. All partners who provide us with hosting services are listed in the list of our processors, available via regularly updated link:
Processors
.
5.6. Employees of Vipera Games sp. z o.o. shall also take all necessary organisational, legal and technical measures available to us for protection of your personal data. Users of the Services shall also be responsible to the maximum possible extent for the provision of accurate account details, keeping passwords and any other information required for authorisation confidential and its protection from unauthorised access by third parties.
5.7. If your personal data are transferred to any third party, the storage time will be determined in accordance with the privacy policy of such a third party. We will do our best to inform them about the deletion of your personal data if necessary.
5.8. Any personal data collected and processed hereunder shall be properly protected unless:
(1) you consent to their disclosure;
(2) such personal data are anonymised;
(3) such personal data are subject to disclosure under the applicable law.
5.9. We will do our best to keep your personal data protected. However, despite any possible measures taken on our part, we cannot guarantee full protection of the Services against information security risks.
6. Transfer and Disclosure
6.1. Third parties may have access to your personal data – processors, services of which we use in order to constantly improve our Services, as well as provide you with the opportunity to use all their functionality. The list and basic information about the processors involved in processing of your personal data is available via regularly updated link:
Processors
.
6.2. To ensure the provision of our services, your personal data may also be transferred to a legal entity created after reorganisation of Vipera Games sp. z o.o. should it be necessary.
6.3. Please note that disclosure of your personal data may be required in accordance with the law and judicial procedures or at the request of public bodies of the country of your stay or other countries. Your personal data will be disclosed if it is necessary for the purposes of national security, law enforcement, protection of the rights and legitimate interests of Vipera Games sp. z o.o. and third parties or for other substantial public interest purposes.
7. Children’s Personal Data
7.1. To the extent to which it is not prohibited by the applicable law, we do not authorise the use of our Services by individuals who have not reached the age of full legal capacity in accordance with the legislation of the country of their citizenship. We do not collect and process (at least knowingly) their personal data without the consent of their legal representatives.
8. User Rights
8.1. The rights of users related to the collection and processing of personal data shall be determined in accordance with the applicable law.
8.2. Your rights with respect to the collection and processing of personal data may be determined in accordance with applicable data protection law.
In accordance with applicable data protection law you may access, change and/or make additions to, delete, restrict processing and migration of, object to or withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data as well as opt-in/opt-out and lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority.
8.3. To exercise any of your rights above and any other rights guaranteed to you by applicable law and if you have any related questions, write to: office@vipera.games. For issues related to your personal data please contact: office@vipera.games.
8.4. Vipera Games sp. z o.o. reserves the right to verify your identity before exercising any rights at your request. In case we are not able to exercise any of your rights or provide any information, we will also explain the reasons to you.
9. Final Provisions
9.1. This Policy may be amended and (or) modified at any time of the Services operation. In this case, a notice with information about the changes accompanied by the new version of the Policy and date of its adoption will be published in the Services. The User of the Services must read and acknowledge the new version hereof.
9.2. The Policy is an agreement between us and the User about the use of the Services. Any other pre-existing written or oral agreements or arrangements with respect to such use are hereby cancelled.
9.3. If any provision hereof is invalid or unenforceable, other provisions shall remain valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
9.4. Failure to enforce your strict compliance herewith cannot be construed as our waiver of any provision hereof or any right hereunder.
10. California Online Privacy Protection Act notice
10.1 Sharing with third parties for direct marketing purposes: California residents have the right to request the identity of any third parties to whom the resident’s personal information was shared, if such sharing was to enable the third party’s direct marketing efforts. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please submit your request to office@vipera.games OR to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please email us at office@vipera.games.
10.2 How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals: We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected in connection with the App for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide information in this App Privacy Policy about how to prevent the delivery of targeted ads. We do not, however, recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit allaboutdnt.com.
Error: The domain VIPERA.GAMES is not authorized to show the cookie declaration for domain group ID e1341b11-2f9c-4e93-b8d8-ede5ae78423a. Please add it to the domain group in the Cookiebot Manager to authorize the domain.
Scroll to top