Privacy Policy ATFinke Productions built the app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by ATFinke Productions at
no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection,
use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then
you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect
is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
described in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we
may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be
retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect
information used to identify you. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the
following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services;
or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties
have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. Security We value your trust in
providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But
remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable,
and we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time
to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by
posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.