Monomals and Privacy
Overview
We are Picomy B.V. and we make Monomals. We are based at Nieuwe Binnenweg 310 B, 3021 GV, Rotterdam, The Netherlands. You can contact us at
privacy@picomy.com
if you have questions about your privacy or data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data.
Data collected – Apple data
The game collects the following data from players.
1. Information relating to progress in the game is stored on the player’s device and sent to Apple iCloud. This information is necessary for players to be able to continue their game where they last stopped playing. This data is not stored by or accessible to Picomy.
2. Information relating to achievements is stored on the player’s device and sent to Apple Game Center. This data is not stored by or accessible to Picomy.
3. Device name data is collected by the game and stored by Apple Inc. in a player’s personal iCloud account in order to resolve conflicts between saved games by a single user on different devices. This data is not stored by or accessible to Picomy.
Underage players
: If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, we do not send any data to Apple.
Data collected – song data
When you play Monomals no other data is processed as long as you do not share songs. When you choose to upload your song(s) to the Online Chart in Monomals, while signed in to Game Center, the following data will be stored on our servers:
Your song(s) custom Midi Data (Composition content and song length).
Your song(s) Animal DJ type. For instance: Retro Rabbit, Funky Frog or Techno Tiger.
Your upload timestamp (when was your song uploaded).
Your Song name - This name can be changed in the dropdown menu in the Monomaker.
Your Artist name - This name is linked to your Game Center Profile Name. This means that when you decide to change your Game Center Name, the Artist name from previously uploaded songs won’t change. Changing your Game Center name will only have an effect on newly uploaded songs.
Your vote(s) given to Online songs.
We cannot identify you on the basis of the information above, but other people may when they combine it with information they have. That is why we treat the song data as personal data.
We store the song data with Amazon Web Services, Inc..
Underage players
: If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, we do not send any data to our servers.
Who is affected
Monomals data relates only to players of the Monomals game.
What do we use the data for, and on what basis
We use the data to support the internal operations of the game, and our legitimate interest to offer you all the functionality of the Monomals game. When you use the online features to share song data, we base the processing of personal data on your consent.
Disclosures to third parties
Picomy does not disclose to third parties any data relating to the game.
When you save a song, we store song-data with Amazon Web Services, Inc.. Amazon is a processor acting on our behalf. For songs, we have access to your Apple Game Center ID, but not your name, and no way to easily associate your Game Center ID with other information that may identify you, like your IP address or payment data.
Data retention
As long as a player has an active game account, their data is stored in Apple’s iCloud system. This stored data ensures that players can continue playing the game where they most recently stopped playing and is used for no other purpose than to ensure the functioning of the game.
When you share songs, song data will be stored on our servers for as long as the Game will be live on the Apple Arcade Service.
Picomy does not retain or store any other player data.
Permission and declining or withdrawing permission for data
Players may decline to store data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, they must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, they will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, they must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings.
Players may also decline to store data with us for online features such as Song Uploads and Song Votes. Not giving consent means that these online features are not available in the game.
Removing song data
For removing song data, you will need to take few more steps:
How can you remove your song(s) on our servers?
You can choose to delete your uploaded song(s) from the online chart at any time in the game by doing the following:
Go to the Online Menu in the Monomaker
Go to Search
Use the Personal Filter and filter on "My Uploaded Songs". This will give you an instant overview of all your uploaded songs.
Tap the "▼" button on the song(s)
Tap the Delete button to delete the song
How can you remove your votes given to other songs on our servers?
You can choose to delete your likes given to any songs at any time in the game by doing the following:
Go to the Online Menu in the Monomaker
Go to Search
Use the Personal Filter and filter on "My Liked Songs". This will give you an instant overview of all the songs you’ve voted for in the past
Tap the "▼" button on the song(s)
Tap the "♥" button again on the song(s) to clear your vote
When you remove your votes, we will also remove that data from our servers.
If you have any questions or request regarding your song data on our servers, please send us an email to
support@picomy.com
.
Young players
Protecting the privacy of children is of the utmost important to us and we do our best to meet both EU and U.S. standards. The game has been designed to be family friendly and to be suitable for use by children.
If you or the adult who created your Game Center ID set your age as underage, we do not send any data to Apple or our servers.
Do Not Track
For our website, we do not track players over time or across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Protection of stored data
Taking into account the nature, scope, context and purpose of the processing, we have taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect such data.
Transfer of personal data
If you do not save any songs, we do not store any personal data and so there is no personal data to transfer to other countries.
When you share songs, we store your song data on servers in Ireland.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to your personal data that we process. You also have the right to:
Rectify incorrect personal data or erase it in certain circumstances.
Restrict or object to the processing of your personal data.
Receive your data so that you can use it elsewhere (data portability).
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please write us at
privacy@picomy.com
. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe, but at least within 4 weeks. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local EU data protection authority for unresolved complaints.
Note that where Apple processes your personal data, you have to request the above with Apple.
Version information
This notice was last updated on 2 August 2021 to include what we do with data when you save Monomaker songs. When we change our data protection practices, we will update this notice. It can be viewed on:
monomals.picomy.com/privacy