Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
At Ray Guerrero, your privacy is a top priority. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information and we do not take this lightly.
We do not compromise with your privacy.
We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.
We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data.
Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!
We work hard to keep your information secure.
We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Ray Guerrero's Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking time to read it!
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum.
2. WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps and other services operated by Ray Guerrero. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" or "apps" in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we've added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
It goes without saying, we can't help you have an awesome user experience without some information about you, such as your email address and password in some of our services. We also collect information generated as you use our services, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your Facebook account in Weather Live. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it.
Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
When you create an account in some of our services, you provide us with your login credentials, such as email address, name and password.
To use certain features in our services, you may allow us to access your camera or the microphone. Depending on your device, Apple and Android system will ask for your permission before allowing us to access these features. The Warmlight – Picture Editor App does not have access or collect any facial data.
Features that allow you to share content about your use of our services with your connections or through your social network. We may also collect your information when you use our app such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using our app, if such functionality is available in the app.
In our app, please note that anything you input into the app (such as your menstruation) is stored on your device and not accessible by Ray Guerrero. However, in order to understand if our Paloma users are enjoying the app, we do receive anonymised statistics from our analytics partners about what features users like and don't like. Should you wish to sync data held in your Apple "Health" app with Paloma (and vice versa), we will ask you for your explicit permission to do this. If you permit Paloma to access your Apple "Health" app data, then this data will only be stored on your device and will not be transmitted to Ray Guerrero or any other third party.
From time to time, we may request your opinions, suggestions, or modification and improvement ideas ("Feedback") through surveys, or other similar requests. Any responses you provide are voluntary, however you agree that any Feedback you provide shall be owned Ray Guerrero and may be used by Ray Guerrero in our sole discretion.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Social Media
You may be able to use your Facebook account to login to create an account. When you use this feature, we may receive any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook. This data may include your use of our app on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom you share our app. For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network or public forum provider collects, uses and shares your data, as well as how you can set your privacy preferences on their site or apps, please see their privacy policy.
Other Partners
• We may receive information about you from our partners, for instance where our ads are published on a partner's website or platform (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign's success).
• If you purchase a subscription in our apps, neither Google nor Apple provide us with any personal information of the subscription purchaser (like name, email or payment information). Only anonymized data gets passed to Apalon.
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you've used, how you've used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, time spent in the app, features you've been using, advertising that you click on).
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
geolocation data (in some of our apps), which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded, and may include precise (e.g., GPS-level) location data. Some apps may collect this data when the app is not open or actively in use. This may help us or third parties to customize information, content, or offers to you, for instance.
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
hardware and software information such as IP address, device type, app crashes, app version, advertising IDs (such as Google's AdvertisingID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
4. COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As described in Sections 3 and 5 of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile "SDK." The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below or in the app (as applicable).
If you wish to opt out of interest-based tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device "settings", as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their "opt out" settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or "contextual" application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
Opting Out on iOS Devices Such as iPhones, iPads or iPods
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of interest-based advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting Limit Ad Tracking to 'ON'. On an iPhone 6 for example, you can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> Privacy -> Advertising and toggling "Limit Ad Tracking" to 'ON'. Our systems are designed to respect your choice and not use your personal information to provide interest-based advertising when this setting is ON.
Opting Out on Android Devices
If you have an Android device and would like to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may do this as follows:
Open the Settings app on your device
Go to "Google"
Select Ads
Opt out of interest-based ads
More information on our use of cookies on our websites can be found in our
Cookie Policy
.
5. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we may use your information to help keep you safe and to communicate with you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.
In some services, to ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various apps and devices you use, so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. This will allow us to form a single view of your use of our services, so you can easily access your content on multiple devices. For this purpose and better user experience generally, we may use and combine your personal information which we collect across different services used by you.
To improve our services and develop new ones
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new feature further to requests or feedback received from users).
Ray Guerrero uses the Google Analytics tool Firebase in order to carry out analysis on information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information which we gather are provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. Any information which is provided to Google will become subject to Google's privacy policy which is located here:
www.google.com/privacy.html
. For further information on how Google's Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps", (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Conduct research and analysis of your behaviour about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users' behaviour). This software may record information such as how often you use the services, what happens within the services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the apps were downloaded from.
To communicate with you
Communicate with you by postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, in some cases you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
With your consent (where needed), to send you email marketing in order to provide you with information about services that you may find of interest. You can opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications. We also send you non-marketing emails or messages, such as those related to transactions, your account, security, or product changes. Examples of service-related messages include an email address confirmation/welcome email when you register your account, service availability or modification of key features or functions.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads' effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through SDKs or from users who view or interact with their advertisements. For the purposes of European law, most of these ad partners are independent controllers of your information, which means that they are responsible for providing and complying with their own policies relating to any personal information they obtain in connection with the services. It also means that if you are a Facebook app user for example – you provided consent to Facebook in your Facebook app to allow them to show you personalized ads inside of our services.
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our
EULA
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you
: Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service, we use your information to maintain your account and provide our cool features to you.
Legitimate interests
: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users' behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent
: From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time where indicated in the services or by contacting us at the address provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
6. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Since our goal is to provide the best services we can to you, the main sharing of users' information is with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services, with other IAC Group companies and, in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others.
With our service providers and partners
We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner. We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, marketing, advertising and security operations. These service providers may have limited access to your information, which is needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. For example, we use your non-personal information (meaning information that, by itself, does not identify who you are such as device information) for targeted online marketing through tools like Facebook Custom Audience to contact interested parties.
In addition, we may share aggregated information we collect, under any of the above circumstances, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other legitimate business purposes. Please note that such aggregated information will not include any information which allows third parties to identity you.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; or (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties and/or to comply with applicable law; (iii) to enforce our agreements or policies with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and after it is received. We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately at support@sunnettechnology.com
8. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old, or 16 years old in the EEA. If you are not over 13 years old (or 16 years old in the EEA) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA), please contact us at support@sunnettechnology.com and we will promptly delete that personal information
9. YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information and be aware of your privacy rights, so here are a few key points to remember:
Depending on your location you may have some or all of the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
• Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
• Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
• Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
• Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right "to be forgotten" (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honour such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
• Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider)
• Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at the address listed below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person. For example, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore.
For your protection, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
10. CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Sharing of information sometimes involves cross-border data transfers, for instance to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. The United States, European Economic Area ("EEA") Member States, and other countries all have different laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live.
11. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide the services to you. We will also retain and use your information to the extent necessary:
to comply with applicable law;
to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
if there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
if the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as enforcing our terms or fraud prevention. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for security incidents from opening a new account.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.
12. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Because we're always looking for new and innovative ways to help you enjoy our services, this policy may change over time. We will notify you of any material changes so that you have time to review the changes.
13. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
For our European users, our Data Protection Officer is responsible for ensuring your rights are respected and to review and oversee how we collect and use your personal information. They can be reached by contacting
Angitapro30674@gmail.com
.
14. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here's how you can reach us:
Email:
Angitapro30674@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語