Privacy Policy for CleanCloud Users
Introduction
Welcome to CleanCloud's privacy notice.
CleanCloud respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will
                        inform you as to how we look after your personal data, tell you about your privacy rights and how the law
                        protects you when:
you visit our website at cleancloudapp.com (regardless of where you visit it from) (“Site”);
you access our webapp (“App”);
you access our platform through our Site or App (“Platform”);
and
we provide to you with our sales software and online ordering services for dry cleaners and laundry
                            providers through the Platform (“Services”).
The following are categories of individuals to whom this privacy policy applies to:
Customer: means any individual, business or organisation, including their employees, agents or contractors,
                            who is using the Services.
User: means any person accessing our Site, App or Platform.
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by changing it on the Site and by emailing
                        you.
1. Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how we collect and process your personal data through your
                        use of the Services, including any data you may provide through the Site, App or Platform when you are using our
                        Services. The Site, App and Platform are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating
                        to children.
Controller
In relation to the provision of the Services, CleanCloud is the controller and responsible for your personal
                        data (collectively referred to as “CleanCloud”, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy
                        notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal
                        rights set out below. You can contact the data privacy manager by using the contact details set out below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
CleanCloud Ltd (UK Company Number: 09357458)
Name or title of data privacy manager: Simon Fattuhi
Email addresses: privacy@cleancloud.com
Postal address: 80 Britannia Walk, London, Greater London, N1 7RH
Telephone number: +44 (0)20 8629 1097
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK
                        supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to
                        deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 25th March 2019.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your
                        personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
Our Site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or
                        enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these
                        third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Site, we encourage
                        you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be
                        identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may check the
                        details you provide with fraud prevention agencies and share your information with them if we suspect fraud. It
                        is important that you don’t provide false, inaccurate information or impersonate another individual.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together
                        follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, title, email address, mailing address or phone number.
Contact Data
includes billing address, residential or registered company address, email address and
                            telephone numbers.
Financial Data
When you purchase the Services, we will also collect transaction information, which
                            may include your credit card information, billing and mailing address, and other payment-related
                            information.
Technical, Usage and Location Information
. We automatically collect information on how you interact
                            with the Offerings, such as the IP address from which you access the Offerings, date and time, information
                            about your browser, operating system and computer or device, pages viewed and items clicked. We may also
                            collect location information, including location information automatically provided by your computer or
                            device. We use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information.
Profile Data
includes your unique account reference number, actions or transactions made by you on
                            the Platform, preferences, feedback, survey responses and other correspondence.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us, and your
                            communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose.
                        Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data
                        does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate
                        the percentage of users accessing a specific Site feature or the number of Service types that are purchased.
                        However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly
                        identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy
                        notice.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race
                        or
                        ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union
                        membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information
                        about criminal convictions and offences.
Third Party Platforms
. We may collect information when you interact with our advertisements and other
                            content on third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites. This may include information
                            such as “Likes”, profile information gathered from social networking sites or the fact that you viewed or
                            interacted with our content.
Other Information
. We may collect other information from you that is not specifically listed here. We
                            may use any such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by you.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to
                        provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into
                        with you (for example, to provide you with the Services). In this case, we may have to cancel delivery of the
                        Service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions
. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms,
                            providing documentation or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes
                            personal data you provide when you:
purchase or use our Site, App, Platform and Services;
create an account for our Platform or otherwise;
contact us to report a problem with the Site, App, Platform or Services, or for other purposes;
request marketing to be sent to you; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions
. As you interact with our Site and App, we may automatically
                            collect Usage Data and Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this
                            personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third
                            parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a) analytics providers based outside the EU, including Google Analytics, Hubspot and Intercom; and
(b) search information providers.
Identity, Contact and Financial Data from third party resellers and affiliates through whom you register for
                            the Services.
Identity, Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery
                            services.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources, such as the electoral roll or Companies House.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in
                        the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and
                            fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to
                        sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to
                        withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and
                        which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where
                        appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for
                        which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are
                        relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new Customer or User
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To provide the Services to you including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and
                                    charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Profile
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate
                                    interests (to recover debts due to us)
(c) Necessary for the legitimate interests of others
                                    (preventing fraud)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notify you about
                                    changes to our terms, privacy policy or Services
(b) Ask you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal
                                    obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated, study how
                                    Customers and Users use the Services and to improve the Services into the future)
To administer and protect our business, the Site, App, Platform and Services
                                    (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and
                                    hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of
                                    administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business
                                    reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with our legal
                                    obligations
To deliver relevant Site content and advertisements to you and measure or understand
                                    the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and
                                    Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how Customers and Users use the
                                    Services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our Site, App, Platform Services, marketing,
                                    customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of Customers and Users for
                                    the Site, App, Platform and Services, to keep our Site, App and Platform updated and relevant, to
                                    develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about Services or events that may be
                                    of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f)
                                    Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop the Services and grow our
                                    business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and
                        advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want
                        or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which Services and offers may be relevant for
                        you and send to you through our marketing messages.
You will receive marketing messages from us if you have requested information from us or purchased Services from
                        us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us or
                        unsubscribing from our marketing list.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a
                        result of a Service purchase, warranty registration, Service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good
                        experience when you browse our Site and allows us to improve our Site. A cookie is a small file of letters and
                        numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain
                        information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include,
                            for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site.
Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to
                            see how visitors move around our Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Site
                            works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our Site. This enables us to
                            personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or
                            region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links you
                            have followed. We will use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more
                            relevant to your interests. We also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services
                        like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are
                        likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
                        You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or
                        some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you
                        may not be able to access all or parts of our Site. If you would like more information about cookies, we can
                        recommend www.aboutcookies.org and www.allaboutcookies.org as helpful resources. Both websites also provide
                        instructions on how to reject cookies if you would like to do so.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider
                        that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish
                        to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose,
                        please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal
                        basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the
                        above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in
                        paragraph 4 above.
Service providers who provide payment, marketing, IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based within the EU who provide
                            consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities
                            in certain circumstances, especially in the prevention of money laundering and fraud.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
                            Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our
                            business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the
                        law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only
                        permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
Some of our external third party suppliers are based outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Their processing
                        of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we endeavour to ensure a similar degree of protection is
                        afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of
                            protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission:
                            Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission
                            which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield
                            which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the EEA and the US. For
                            further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
If we cannot implement one of the safeguards listed above, we shall only transfer your personal data outside of
                        the EEA if we have your fully informed, active, clear and specific consent, or it is necessary for the
                        performance of our contract with you.
Where you are located outside of the EEA, we will still transfer your personal data to you as it is necessary for
                        the performance of our contract with you to provide the Services.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost,
                        used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal
                        data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will
                        only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any
                        applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
                        We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for,
                        including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity
                        of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the
                        purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means,
                        and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for
                        research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice
                        to you as this is no longer personal information.
9. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Access to information
: You have the right to request a copy of the information CleanCloud holds about
                            you.
Ensuring accuracy of information
: CleanCloud wants to make sure that your personal information is
                            accurate and up-to-date. You may ask CleanCloud to correct or complete information that is inaccurate or
                            incomplete.
Right to erasure
: You may have a right to erasure, which is more commonly known as the ‘right to be
                            forgotten’. This means that in certain circumstances you can require CleanCloud to delete personal
                            information held about you.
Ability to restrict processing
: You may also have the right to require CleanCloud to restrict
                            CleanCloud’s use of your personal information in certain circumstances. This may apply, for example, where
                            you have notified CleanCloud that the information CleanCloud holds about you is incorrect and you would like
                            CleanCloud to stop using such information until CleanCloud has verified that it is accurate.
Right to data portability
: You may have the right to receive personal data CleanCloud holds about you
                            in a format that enables you to transfer such information to another data controller (e.g. such as another
                            service provider).
Review by an independent authority
: You will always have the right to lodge a complaint with a
                            supervisory body, including ICO as listed above.
Preventing direct marketing
: CleanCloud does not sell your personal data. From time to time,
                            CleanCloud may send emails containing information about new features and other news about us. This is
                            considered direct marketing. CleanCloud will always inform you if CleanCloud intends to use your personal
                            data or if CleanCloud intends to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.
Objecting to other uses of your information
: You may also have the right to object to CleanCloud’s
                            use of your information in other circumstances. In particular, where you have consented to CleanCloud’s use
                            of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.
If you would like further information on how you can exercise these rights, please email us at
                        privacy@cleancloud.com.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we
                        may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may
                        refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
                        access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
                        personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you
                        for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if
                        your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and
                        keep you updated.
Ready to get started?
Trusted by thousands of businesses worldwide
Start Free Trial
English
Arabic
Azerbaijani
Bulgarian
Chinese (Cantonese)
Chinese (Mandarin)
Czech
Danish
Dutch
French
Italian
German
Greek
Japanese
Korean
Lithuanian
Mongolian
Norwegian
Portuguese
Russian
Serbian
Spanish
Turkish
Thai
Ukrainian
Vietnamese