GAMES
BLOG
HELP
CONTACT
Orchid Games Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 2022-04-12
This web page represents a legal document and is the Privacy Policy for
    Orchid Games and all its associated Services. By using our Services, you
    agree to fully comply with and be bound by the following policy each time
    you use our Services. Please review the following terms carefully.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect or
    receive and how we may use that information. The information we collect
    includes personal information and non-personal information, as such terms
    are defined below.
The Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the
    security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us
    to ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information you
    have provided to us, (ii) withdraw any consent you previously provided to
    us, and (iii) answer any questions you may have about our privacy
    practices.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our Services, you consent to the collection and use of this
    information by us as set forth in this Privacy Statement and amended from
    time to time. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post
    those changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of what
    data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose
    it. Please check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you
    are aware of our latest privacy practices.
YOUR PRIVACY
We are committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize that when you
    choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act
    in a responsible manner. That's why we have put a policy in place to
    protect your personal information. You may always use our Services without
    giving us any personal information. Please read on for more details about
    our privacy practices.
OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or
    contact a single person. You may choose to provide personal information to
    us when you use our Services. Because we change our features from time to
    time, the options you have to provide us with personal information also may
    change, but here are some examples of situations in which you may decide to
    provide personal information to us:
Contacting us for any reason, such as by email, including for
      technical support or customer service;
To fulfil your order; and
Using our Services when personal information is required for use or
      participation
The information we collect from you will vary depending on which of our
    Services you are using. However, the information you provide generally may
    include the following:
Name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password,
      phone number, username, gender, birthday, forum posts and comments,
      messages between users and other contact, and payment information
      (including credit card numbers collected through secure third-party payment
      processing company).
Information about your activity on and interaction with our
      Services (such as your IP address, the type of device or browser you use,
      and your actions on the site); and
Communications you send to us (for example, when you ask for
      support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
Because we directly ask you to provide personal information in these cases,
    you often will be able to tell from our specific requests what types of
    information we receive from you.
We collect this information for reasons such as:
To understand your needs and provide you with a better service;
For statistical purposes and analysis for management purposes in
      order to administer or improve our products and services;
Internal record keeping, and administrative purposes, and to inform
      you about our events, services or products, or other related information
      that we think would be of interest to you, as explained above;
To communicate marketing messages, newsletters and details of our
      business or the businesses of carefully selected third parties which we
      think may be of interest to you by post or email or similar technology (you
      can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing
      communications); and
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you
      for market research purposes or to customise the website according to your
      interests
OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We also collect non-personal information data in a form that does not
    permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use
    and process non-personal information for service improving purposes.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY AUTOMATED MEANS
We may obtain certain personal and non-personal information by automated
    means when you use our Services. The type of information we collect by
    automated means may vary, but generally includes technical information
    about your device, such as IP address or other device identifier. The
    information we collect also may include usage information and statistics
    about your interaction with our Services. That information may include the
    specific page of our web pages or the mobile game that you visited, page
    views, time spent on a page, number of clicks, platform type, and other
    information about how you used our Service.
In cases where you use a mobile device to access our Service, we will
    receive information about the location of your device. In some cases, even
    if you are not using a mobile device, information about your general
    location may be discernable from your device's IP address or the URLs we
    receive.
We use information we collect by automated means to understand our Users
    and to determine their preferences. As a result, we can develop and deliver
    new or modified offerings, that are improved with our users' preferences in
    mind.
Here are some of the types of automated data collection that may occur when
    you use our sites:
Web Browsers
When you visit our website, your browser automatically sends us your
    Internet protocol ("IP") address so that the web pages you request can be
    sent to your computer or device. We use your IP address to determine
    additional information, such as whether the computer or device has ever
    been used to visit our site before, which site features were used most
    often, and how much time was spent on a page.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a text file placed on your device's internal memory when you
    visit our website which helps record how you navigate our website. Cookies
    allow our website to recognize a particular device or browser and help us
    present you with tailored options based on the information stored from your
    previous visit.
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you and
    it doesn't harm your device in any way.
Similar technologies are technologies that are used to store information in
    your browser or device's internal storage, such as HTML 5 cookies, flash
    cookies, and other web software.
Web beacons are small files (also called "pixels", "image tags", or "script
    tags") that may be loaded on our site, that may work in concert with
    cookies to identify our users and provide anonymized data on their
    behavior.
OUR USE OF COOKIES, SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES, AND WEB BEACONS
1. Identify your Device. When you visit the website, your OS will be
    recognized, so our website can recommend a corresponding feature for you.
2. Preferences and Settings Storage. Settings that allow our website to
    function correctly or that save your preferences over time may be stored on
    your device. We also save preferences, such as language, browser, and
    others, so those do not have to be reset each time you return to the site.
3. Security. We use cookies to detect fraudulent activities and abuse of
    our websites.
4. Storage of Information you provide. Your email address, feedback, and
    other information you offered when using our website.
5. Social Media. Our website may include social media cookies that enable
    users who are logged in to the social media service to directly connect to
    our social media pages.
6. Advertising. We use cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on
    an advertisement.
7. Performance. We use cookies for load balancing to ensure that websites
    remain up and running.
8. Analytics. To provide you with our services, cookies, and other
    identifiers are used to gather usage and performance data. For example, we
    make use of cookies to determine the number of unique visitors to each web
    page or service used and to develop other statistics about the operations
    of our website. This includes cookies from us and third-party analytics
    providers.
TYPES OF COOKIES
Session cookies
This type of cookie is only stored on your device during a browsing session
    and are automatically erased from your device once you close your browser -
    they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website
    without having to log in to each page, but they do not collect any personal
    data from your device
Persistent cookies
This type of cookie is stored on your device as a file and remains on your
    device after a browsing session or when you close your browser. The cookie
    can only be read by the website that created it when you visit that website
    again. [Persistent cookies are used for Google Analytics.]
Cookies can also be classified as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies
These are essential cookies to enable you to use our website effectively,
    such as when buying a service, and therefore cannot be restricted. Without
    these cookies, our services may not be available to you.
Performance cookies
Such cookies allow us to monitor and improve our app or website
    performance. For example, they allow us to evaluate the number of visits,
    identify sources of traffic and see which parts of the site are most
    visited.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember your preferences and provide
    improved features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with
    information or updates relevant to the services you use. The type of
    information collected by these cookies is usually anonymized.
HOW TO BLOCK OR DELETE COOKIES
You can check or change the type of cookies you accept within your browser
    or device setting at any time. You can also restrict all cookies at any
    time through your browser or device settings. However, if you restrict
    cookies on your device (including essential cookies) you may not be able to
    make use of our website.
Please note that some third parties who advertise on our website
    (including, for example, providers of external services like web traffic
    analysis services and advertising networks) may also use cookies, over
    which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be
    performance/analytical cookies or targeted cookies
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
    ("Google"). Google uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the
    website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the
    website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by
    Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP
    anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP
    address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other
    parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional
    cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in
    the USA. On behalf of the website, Google will use this information for the
    purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on your
    activity for us and third parties who help operate and provide services
    related to the website. Google will not associate your IP address with any
    other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of these cookies by
    selecting the appropriate settings on your browser as discussed in this
    policy. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to
    use the full functionality of the website. Furthermore, you can prevent
    Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading
    and installing the browser plug-in available under
    https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-US.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data
    privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html.
PLATFORMS/THIRD-PARTY MARKETPLACES
In the course of providing our Service on third party
    platforms/marketplaces, such as Apple's App Store, the
    platforms/marketplaces may collect information about you or receive
    information from us in order for the platforms/marketplaces to provide or
    analyze their services. Please note that these platforms/marketplaces were
    developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or
    controlled by Orchid Games and that Orchid Games is not responsible for the
    actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms
    of service and privacy policies of the platforms/third-party marketplaces
    that you use to access our Service.
FACEBOOK CONNECT
If you sign into the Service with Facebook Connect, we will collect
    information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your
    first and last name, (2) Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list
    of Facebook friends. This information will be primarily used for user
    registration and in social features, which may include friend-to-friend or
    user-to-user interaction, chat, voice or messaging functionality, public
    leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA UNDER THE EU GENERAL DATA
        PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in
    this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, customer system managers and other service providers
      who assist us in operating our website, mobile game, conducting our
      business, or providing Services to you, so long as those third parties
      agree to keep this information confidential in accordance with European
      Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR");
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure
      is in accordance with, or required by any applicable law, regulation, or
      legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our Terms or to
      protect the rights, property, and safety of Orchid Games or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
      company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our
      business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
Please note Orchid Games does not store or have direct access to your
    personal credit card information. All credit card information is processed
    through a secure third-party payment processing company.
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the
    purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your
    Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations
    (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with
    applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and
    policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data
    is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data
    is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our
    Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer
    periods.
Transfer of Data
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated
    entities such as our Publisher, or to other third parties across borders
    and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions
    around the world.
If you are located outside Poland, please note that you are transferring
    information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction
    that may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
    treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer
    of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country
    unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your
    data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Orchid Games is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your
    Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your
    Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy
    Policy.
Legal Requirements
Orchid Games may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that
    such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation;
To protect and defend the rights or property of Orchid Games;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with
      the Service;
To protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the
      public; and
To protect against legal liability.
Your Choices
In certain cases, you may have choices about how we use and disclose your
    personal information. For example, we will ask you before we use your
    personal information for any purpose incompatible with those purposes
    identified in this Notice.
You can also choose not to give us the information we request, as described
    in the "Our Collection and Use of Personal Information" section of this
    Notice. In some cases, if you decide not to provide information, we will
    not be able to provide you with access to some Services, or we may not be
    able to provide you with the Service, feature, or information you
    requested.
In some cases, you can limit the information we collect by automated means.
    You may also exercise and amend your choices by sending an email to us as
    specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
DELETING YOUR DATA
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer process your information, contact us at
support@orchidgames.com
.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we might retain your data if it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information
    from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and
    disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers
    behind firewalls.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not
    completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal
    information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information
    transmitted to us; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have
    received your information, we will use strict procedures and security
    features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may provide links to other websites, apps, or services. We do
    not control and are not responsible for the content or practices of these
    other websites, apps, or services. Our provision of such links does not
    constitute our endorsement of these third-party services, their content,
    their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to
    these third-party services, which are subject to any privacy and other
    policies they may have. You should use caution and review the privacy
    policies of any third-party services that you visit from our Services or
    our products to learn more about their information practices, which may be
    significantly different from ours.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Child",
    "Children"). If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your
    Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become
    aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without adult
    verification or parental consent, we will take the necessary steps to
    remove that information from our servers.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to you to reflect changes
    in our information practices or relevant laws. We will indicate at the top
    of the Notice when it was updated. Please review this Notice any time you
    access or use our sites to make sure you have reviewed the most recent
    version.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or if you
    would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences,
    please contact us at
support@orchidgames.com
Copyright © Orchid Games. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
·
Terms of Service
Let's connect: