Privacy Policy
nomad8001
2024-09-07T07:41:10+09:00
*The privacy policy is written in English only.
Personal Information We Collect
When you use the App, we may collect information about you, including:
Photographs,
including the faces in the photograph, you provide when you use the App, via your camera or Photo Library (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or Photo Library in your device). We obtain only the specific images you chose to modify using the App; we do not collect any photographs in your photo albums other than those you chose, even if you grant us access to them.
Face Data:
When you use the App, we may collect face data from photographs you upload or take with your camera. This face data is only collected from the photos that you explicitly choose to edit using the App. We do not collect or store any face data that you do not provide or edit.
App usage information,
such as information about how you use the App and interact with us, including your preferred language, the date and time when you first installed the App, and the date and time you last used the App.
Purchase history,
if you choose to purchase an App subscription, such as confirmation that you are a paid subscriber to the App.
Device data,
such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device ID, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address (and the associated country in which you are located), the website you visited before visiting our Site; and other information about the device you are using to visit the App.
Online activity data,
such as information about your use of and actions on the App and the Sites, including pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and certain third parties (e.g., online advertising networks and their clients) also may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may be collected on our Site using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), web beacons, and similar technologies. We may collect this information directly or through our use of third-party software development kits (“SDKs”). SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly from our App.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We do not use the photographs you provide when you use the App for any reason other than to provide you with the photo editing functionality of the App.
Face Data:
We use face data solely for the purpose of providing photo editing functionalities, such as facial enhancement features (e.g., red-eye correction, skin smoothing) that are available within the App. This data is processed locally on the user’s device and is not transmitted to our servers or shared with any third parties.
We may use information other than photographs for the following purposes:
To operate and improve the App:
Enable you to use the App’s features;
Communicate with you about the App, including by sending you announcements, updates, and security alerts, which we may send through a push notification, and responding to your requests, questions, and feedback;
Provide technical support and maintenance for the App;
Perform statistical analysis about use of the App (including the use of Google Analytics).
To send you marketing and promotional communications:
We may send you marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the Opt out of marketing section below.
To display advertisements to you:
If you use the free version of the App, we work with advertising partners to display advertisements within the App. These advertisements are delivered by our advertising partners and may be targeted based on your use of the App or your activity elsewhere online.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety:
We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent:
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data:
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you.
How We Share Your Personal Information
Face Data:
We do not share, disclose, or transmit any face data collected through the App to third parties. All face data remains on the user’s device and is only used for the functionality within the App.
We may share your non-photograph information in the following circumstances:
Affiliates:
We may share App usage information with our subsidiaries and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers:
We may share your personal information with service providers that perform services on our behalf or help us operate the App (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services).
Advertising partners:
When we use third-party cookies and other tracking tools, our advertising partners may collect information from your device to help us analyze use of the Site and the App, display advertisements on the App, and advertise the Site and App elsewhere online.
Data Retention
Face Data:
Face data is not stored by us. The photos and associated face data are retained on the user’s device and are deleted once the App is closed, unless explicitly saved by the user to their device’s photo library. We do not retain any face data on our servers.
Security of Face Data
Face Data:
All face data is processed locally on your device, and we do not transmit or store this data on external servers. We ensure that the face data is only used for its intended purpose and is automatically deleted if not saved by the user.
Compliance with Law
We may be required to use and share your personal information to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
Your Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users. Users who are located within European can find additional information about their rights below.
Opt out of marketing communications and other push notifications.
You may opt out of marketing-related communications and other notifications we may send you via push notification by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Device permissions.
You may revoke any permissions you previously granted to us, such as permission to access your camera or camera roll, through the settings on your mobile device.
Cookies & Browser Web Storage.
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the Site may not work properly. Similarly, your browser settings may allow you to clear your browser web storage.
Targeted online advertising.
Some of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the Site or App may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising.
Site users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. App users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available here, and selecting the user’s choices. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
Choosing not to share your personal information.
Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the App to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services. We will tell you what information you must provide to use the App by designating it as required at the time of collection or through other appropriate means.
Third-party platforms or social media networks.
If you choose to connect to the App via a third-party platform or social media network, such as by using Facebook login, you may have the ability to limit the information that we may obtain from the third-party at the time you login to the App using the third-party’s authentication service or otherwise connect your account. Subsequently, you may be able to control your settings through the third-party’s platform or service. For example, you may access and change your settings through the Facebook settings page for Apps and Websites. If you withdraw our ability to access certain information from a third-party platform or social media network, that choice will not apply to information that we have already received from that third party.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services’ accounts
This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Access to the Facebook Account(This application)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: Access Friend Lists, Birthday and Email.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
FACEBOOK ANALYTICS FOR APPS (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
GOOGLE ANALYTICS (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
TAPSTREAM (TAPSTREAM NETWORK INC.)
Tapstream is an analytics service provided by Tapstream Network Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
FACEBOOK ADS CONVERSION TRACKING (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
Commercial affiliation
This type of services allows this Application to display advertisements for third party products or services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.
Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with this Application.
For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.
ITUNES AFFILIATION (APPLE INC.)
iTunes affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Apple Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
Contacting the User
MAILING LIST OR NEWSLETTER (THIS APPLICATION)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: Cookies, email address, first name and Usage Data.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
FACEBOOK AUTHENTICATION (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting
This type of services allows this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
FACEBOOK REMARKETING (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
FACEBOOK CUSTOM AUDIENCE (FACEBOOK, INC.)
Facebook Custom Audience is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and email address.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
Further information about Personal Data
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda’s servers.
Definitions and legal references
PERSONAL DATA (OR DATA)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
USAGE DATA
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
USER
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
DATA SUBJECT
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
DATA PROCESSOR (OR DATA SUPERVISOR)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
DATA CONTROLLER (OR OWNER)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
THIS APPLICATION
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
COOKIES
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
LEGAL INFORMATION
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: Sep 06, 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 3
https://tapstream.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Privacy policy
Data privacy notice
CCPA policy
Terms of use
Services agreement
Tapstream privacy policy
Last revised: June 18, 2023
1. Introduction
Tapstream Network Inc. ("
Company
", "
Us
", "
Our
" or "
We
") is concerned about privacy matters and wants you to be familiar with how We collect, use and disclose your personal information.
This Privacy Policy has been designed to comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Personal Information Protection Act (British Columbia) and corresponding provincial privacy acts.
This Privacy Policy addresses the privacy and security of personal information (as defined below) obtained when you have a relationship with Company as a user of Our products and services. This Privacy Policy does not cover personal information obtained by Company through the use of Our proprietary analytics tracking solution called Tapstream. We have developed a separate document, the
Tapstream Data Privacy Notice
, to describe how We treat personal information obtained through Tapstream.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of the terms of use of any website operated or provided by Company (collectively, "
Websites
" and each is a "
Website
"), the form of which is available at the following location:
Terms of Use
By accepting service from Us, using a Website, or otherwise providing Us with your personal information, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as they may be amended by Us from time to time. The terms in this Privacy Policy may be changed so you should review it periodically for changes.
2. What is personal information?
Personal information means any information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes such things as age, income, date of birth, and e-mail addresses.
3. We are accountable to you
Company is responsible for all personal information within its possession or control, including any personal information that is transferred to third parties for legal, regulatory, processing, storage or other purposes. We have employees who are accountable for compliance with these privacy and security principles. Our privacy officer is responsible for Our compliance and commitment to this Privacy Policy. We require a comparable level of protection from Our third party relations.
4. We let you know why we collect and use your personal information
Company identifies the purpose for which your personal information is collected and will be used or disclosed. If that purpose is not listed below, We will do this before or at the time the information is actually being collected. All personal information collected by Us from customers and other individuals (as applicable) is collected, at a minimum, for the following purposes:
to identify or contact customers, respond to customer inquiries and otherwise maintain business relations with customers;
providing services requested by Our customers;
to bill, process and/or collect payment;
to administer and manage Our business operations;
to help prevent or investigate fraud, theft of power or other breaches of the law;
for legal and regulatory requirements;
to provide customers and prospective customers with information about Our services;
to request customer participation in surveys or contests;
to comply with legal and governmental requirements;
to perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and characteristics, in order to measure interest in and use of the various sections of a Website so as to improve design, navigation and experience of such Website; and
fulfilling any other purpose that would be reasonably apparent to the average person at the time that We collect it.
5. We will obtain your consent to collect, use, and/or disclose your personal information
Company will obtain your consent before, or when, We collect, use and/or disclose your personal information. By accepting services from Us, using the Website, or otherwise providing Us with your personal information, you will be deemed to consent to Our use of your personal information for the purposes outlined above. Otherwise, Company will obtain your express consent (by verbal, written or electronic agreement) to collect, use or disclose your personal information. You can change your consent preferences at any time by contacting Company (please refer to the "How to contact Us" section below).
Company will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as permitted or required by law or regulatory authorities. Your consent to the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information may be either express or implied, depending on the circumstances, the purposes for which such personal information is being collected and the sensitivity of the information.
6. We limit collection of your personal information
Company collects only the information required to provide Our products and services to you. Company will collect personal information only by clear, fair and lawful means. We will not, as a condition of supplying you with a product or service, require you to consent to the collection, use or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the specified, legitimate purpose.
7. What information do we collect?
We may collect the following types of information from you:
Registration Information: When You sign up for a user account for any of the products or services offered by Us (collectively, the "Services"), We will collect personal information, such as your name and email address and, if applicable, billing information.
IP Information: In general, We collect and use anonymous information and data regarding your access and use of Websites and the Services. When you visit Websites via a web browser, Our servers record the information that your browser automatically sends whenever visiting or using any of the Websites, including Your web request, the Internet Protocol ("IP") address and browser configuration of your Device (as defined below), the date and time of your request, the uniform resource locator of the referring and/or exiting websites.
Tags and Analytical Tracking: As part of making the Websites available, We use tracking tools such as scripts, internet tags, cookies, graphic tags, web beacons and similar means (collectively, "Tags") on the Websites to enhance functionality and navigation for Our visitors and customers. Portions of the Websites may use analytical tools that are operated by Us and third party providers (collectively, the "Analytical Tools").
We may use Tags on the Websites to count users and to recognize users by accessing Tags. Being able to access Tags allows Us to personalize the Websites and improve your experience at the Websites. We may also include Tags in HTML-formatted e-mail messages that We send to determine which e-mail messages were opened. Tags do not collect or contain your personal information.
Information tracked through these mechanisms includes, but is not limited to: (i) your IP address and other IP information set out in (b) above; (ii) the type of web browser and operating system being used; (iii) the pages of Websites that you visit; and/or (iv) other websites that you have viewed before visiting one of the Websites.
In the case of Analytical Tools, the information generated by the Tags about your use of the Websites (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored on servers located outside of British Columbia including, but not limited to, other Canadian provinces and the United States. The information generated by the Tags may also be transferred to third party Analytical Tool providers. This information will be used for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Websites, compiling reports on Websites activity and providing other services relating to Websites activity and Internet usage. The third party providers of Analytical Tools may also transfer this information to other third parties where they are required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
Some types of Tags, such as cookies, may be disabled whereas others may not. If you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some customized features on the Websites. Cookies do not collect or contain your personal information.
By using a Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by third party providers of Analytical Tools in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Information that You Provide: We may occasionally request from You or You may otherwise voluntarily provide Us with information that personally identifies You (including, but not limited to, downloads, product or service purchases, user support, contests, feedback, surveys and forums). We may receive personal information about You from a broad range of activities through the Services, including, but not limited to, Your inputs to the Services and general correspondence with Us. Depending on the service used, the personal information We collect may include contact information and demographic information.
User communications: When You send email or other communications to Us, We may retain those communications in order to process Your inquiries, respond to Your requests and improve the Websites and the Services.
In this Privacy Policy, "
Device
" means a mobile phone, handset, tablet or other mobile device enabled for internet access and/or communication.
8. We limit disclosure, use, and/or retention of your personal information
Under certain exceptional circumstances, Company may have a legal duty or right to collect, use or disclose your personal information without your knowledge or consent. In accordance with applicable laws, We will not disclose any consumer information (which may include personal information) without your written consent, except where consumer information is required to be disclosed: (i) for billing or market operation purposes; (ii) for law enforcement purposes; or (iii) for the purpose of complying with a legal requirement.
We do not disclose personal information to any organization or person for any reason except as set out in this Privacy Policy and for the following purposes: (i) We may use service providers located outside of British Columbia, and, if applicable, your personal information may be processed and stored in other countries and therefore may be subject to disclosure under the laws of those jurisdictions; (ii) in the unlikely event of a proposed sale of Company's business or assets (or a part thereof), or a merger or amalgamation of Company with another company, We may disclose your personal information to third parties such as prospective purchasers of Company's shares, business or assets, and to their lawyers, accountants, financial advisors, agents and other representatives as necessary for the purposes of such transaction and upon completion of such a transaction, your information will be one of the transferred assets; and/or (iii) where We otherwise have your express consent.
You are deemed to consent to disclosure of your personal information for those purposes. If your personal information is shared by Us with third parties, those third parties are bound by appropriate agreements with Company to secure and protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Company will retain your personal information only for so long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and to meet Our legal and contractual obligations. We will employ explicit retention periods for closed accounts, after which the personal information is destroyed or made anonymous.
9. We keep your personal information up-to-date and accurate
You may request access to the personal information We have on record in order to review and amend the information, as appropriate. To access your personal information, refer to the "How to contact Us" section below.
10. The security of your personal information is a priority for Company
We take steps to safeguard your personal information, regardless of the format in which it is held, including, but not limited to: (i) physical security measures, such as restricted access facilities and locked cabinets; (ii) electronic security measures for computerized personal information such as password protection (iii) organizational processes such as limiting access to your personal information to a selected group of individuals; and (iv) contractual obligations with third parties who need access to your personal information requiring them to protect and secure your personal information.
11. We are open about our privacy and security policy
We are committed to providing you with understandable and easily available information about Our policy and practices related to management of your personal information. This policy and any related information is available at all times on the Websites or on request. To contact Us, refer to the "How to contact Us" section below.
12. We provide access to your personal information stored by Company
You can request access to your information stored by Us. Upon receiving such a request, Company will: (i) obtain satisfactory proof to confirm your identity; (ii) inform you about what type of information it has on record or in its control, how such information is used and to whom the information may have been disclosed; (iii) provide you with access to your information so you can review and verify the accuracy and completeness and request changes to the information; and (iv) make any necessary updates to your information.
13. We respond to your questions, concerns, and complaints about privacy
Company responds in a timely manner to your questions, concerns and complaints about the privacy of your personal information and Our privacy policies and procedures.
14. Links to other Websites
The Websites have links to third party websites that Company does not own or maintain. Links to other websites or other resources which are not created or controlled by Company ("
Linked Sites
") are intended for convenience only. Linked Sites are wholly independent from Company, therefore Company has no control over any products, services, materials, or other information contained in or available through these third party websites. We make no representations or warranties about the privacy practices of those websites. Therefore, access to any third party websites through Websites, regardless of whether the third party website is a Linked Site or not, is entirely at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive devices, programs.
15. Opting-Out
Tapstream provides you with the ability to opt-out from Tapstream obtaining some, but not all, of the data that Tags may collect from You when you visit an Operator's website. This is done by Company placing a cookie on an End User's computer, tablet or mobile device. This cookie instructs Company's servers to not receive information about the End User's visit to the Operator's website. If you want to opt-out of such tracking, please visit this page:
Tapstream on-page analytics opt-out system
. You may request that Tapstream cease processing your data completely by emailing
gdpr@tapstream.com
16. How to contact Us
You may contact Us:
by calling Us at 1-888-928-8828, or
by emailing Us using the email form at
https://tapstream.com/contact/
If your questions, concerns and complaints have not been resolved to your satisfaction or if you have further questions, you can contact Us by mail: Tapstream Network Inc., 2223A Oak Bay Ave., #122, Victoria, BC, V8R 1G4, attention: Privacy Officer.
17. GDPR Compliance
Tapstream is GDPR compliant. GDPR inqueries can be sent by email to one of the following addresses:
General Inqueries:
gdpr@tapstream.com
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@tapstream.com
18. Data sub-processors
Tapstream shares personal information with certain third party services. Those services are:
AWS
OVH
Linode
Digital Ocean
Recurly
Intercom
Sub-policy 4
https://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/help/405977429438260:
Help Center
English (US)
This Page Isn't Available
The link may be broken, or the page may have been removed. Check to see if the link you're trying to open is correct.
Go to Help Center Home
Go back
Back to Meta
About
Privacy
Terms and Policies
Ad Choices
Careers
Cookies
Create Ad
Create Page
© 2025 Meta
Feedback
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies