PRIVACY NOTICE
Updated 05th of December  2018
Privacy Notice for using the Community app
This document is designed
to help you understand what we do with the information about you which we receive when you use the App.
The information we gather about you
We will gather the information from you that we need to provide you with the app and to verify that you work
for an entity
authorised to access the app (a “Permitted User”)
: your name, your email address, your phone number, your job title, who you work for, and some technical details about your phone or tablet, such as the make and software version.
What we do with that information and our legal basis for doing so
The App
We use that information to verify that you are a Permitted User and to allow you to download the App, and log in to and use it, and to allow us to administer the back-end.  We do that on the basis that it is necessary in order to provide the App to you.
Support
We use your personal information to contact you for further clarifications and to notify you of the resolution, in the event that you have reported any
App
related fault (or issue) through the App or you have contacted our IT service desk in order to record the App technical issue encountered or you have provided feedback through the App.
Who we share this information with
We only share this information with our service providers and trusted partners, to the extent necessary for them to be able to provide their services and the information presented in the App, and (in the case of suspected fraud or criminal activity) with the authorities if required or if we consider it prudent.
How long we keep this information for
We retain this information for as long as you use the App, and for up to 6 months afterwards in case of queries or disputes.
Your information is stored and processed within the European Union and by administrators of the Community App accessing the service from any location worldwide.
Your rights
You also have rights to access your information, have it corrected if it is factually inaccurate, and (sometimes) to have it erased entirely, have restrictions placed on it and get a portable electronic copy of it.  You can exercise those rights by
using the “Request all my data” and “Delete all my data” under the Settings menu.
The information in the app
That the information presented is provided by third parties, as-is with no warranty of fitness for particular purpose. We can not accept any liability for any direct or indirect losses incurred as a result of the use of the The App or the data presented therein.
Specific sections of the app may have additional terms and conditions associated to them, which will be presented for your review, prior to accessing the respective sections.
You should follow any further instructions that apply to you and seek guidance from your supervisor in the event of any doubt regarding the information presented in The App
Who we are, how to contact us and how to complain
AirportLabs Limited
71-75 Shelton Street,
Covent Garden,
London, WC2H 9JQ
If you have any questions or concerns about the information on this page, or about what we do with personal data, you should email us at
contact@airportlabs.com
or to write to us at the above address, for the attention of the data protection officer. Y
ou may also use the Feedback function in the app.
If you are unhappy with how we have handled your information you can complain to the ICO (
https://ico.org.uk/
).
Changes to this privacy notice
We will keep this privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates here. The date of the last update is presented at the beginning of this document.