Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 10, 2018
As you read this Privacy Policy, keep in mind that, in order to provide our Services to you, we need to use certain information about our users in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
While we aim to make this Privacy Policy as easy to understand as possible, if at any point you have questions about this Privacy Policy or any information it describes, feel free to reach out to our data protection team by contacting us
here
. You should also contact us if you have any inquiries or requests regarding any personal information about you that you think we may store. We will respond to your inquiries and requests as soon as we can.
Any capitalized, defined terms (e.g., Account, Services) in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in our current
Terms of Service
, of which this Privacy Policy is a part and which you should also review and understand.
Am I required to provide any information to Human Dx?
You have control over whether to provide any information to Human Dx. You can opt out of providing information in the first instance by not using the portion of the Services where the information would be provided.
Most of the features of the Services require you to have an Account with us. If you choose to create an Account, you must also specifically choose to provide a minimum amount of personal information associated with that Account. Should you prefer to not provide any such information, you do not have to create an Account. While we would love to have you in our community, we understand that you may not feel comfortable sharing some information with us.
You can always opt to not provide optional information or not submit User Content, and whether you provide such information or content is completely up to you.
What information do we collect and store?
We collect and store the following general categories of information about you when you use the Services:
If you decide to register for the Services and create or modify an Account on the Services, we collect and store the information that you voluntarily choose to provide for your Account.
As you voluntarily use the Services, we collect and store information regarding your use of the Services, including, for example, the User Content that you voluntarily choose to submit to the Services.
Below we walk through specific categories of information that we collect and store in connection with your use of the Services.
Account Information:
When you decide to create an Account, you will be given the opportunity to voluntarily provide information tied to your Account that is personal to you ("
Account Information
"). Certain Account Information is required to even create your Account.
Whether you want to create an account and provide such information is completely up to you.
When you create or modify your Account, you will have the option of providing Account Information to us. By creating an Account or otherwise voluntarily providing Account Information through the Services, you allow us to identify you and your use of the Services and to store your Account Information on your behalf. Note that the names or labels of the Account Information may vary slightly from the list above, and users may not all voluntarily provide the same types of Account Information.
Examples of Account Information you may choose to provide include:
Full name
Email addresses
Mobile phone number
Date of birth (for purposes of requesting Continuing Medical Education (CME) credit on your behalf, if you so choose)
Clinical role
Training level
Institution or practice
Specialty
Photo
Bio (if you choose to write in the "About Me" section of your profile)
User Content:
The Services permit you to voluntarily submit User Content, including for example, written medical case studies, feedback to such case studies, chat conversations with peers, and other written information and communications. Storing and using this information helps us foster a thriving community and enable more accurate, affordable, and accessible care for all. Storing and using this information is also essential to our ability to provide the Services available to you under our
Terms of Service
. Thus, by using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that all User Content you submit is voluntarily given and may be associated with your name and/or identity.
If you wish to submit certain User Content on your mobile device, such as from your camera, photo album, phonebook, file explorer, or other mobile features and applications, you may also allow us to access and collect information from certain native applications on your device. If you decide to use these features to submit User Content, your mobile device will ask you for your consent prior to accessing the applications and collecting information, and we will receive only the information that you grant permission to share with us. Note that you can change your consent settings at any time by changing the settings on your device, and you can always choose to not submit User Content this way based on your own judgment.
Interaction Information:
Based on how you interact with the Services, including with respect to the User Content you submit, we also generate, store, and process information about your interactions ("
Interaction Information
"). Interaction Information may include the types of content you view or engage with, the features you use, the manner in which you use features or user interface elements, the actions you perform, the users you interact with, engagement statistics and results of your actions, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities (e.g., the last time you logged in or interacted with User Content).
Some Interaction Information may be aggregated information derived from the interactions of multiple users of the Services or anonymized information that is not associated with your personal identity.
Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer through your web browser or to your mobile device when you access a website or an application. Your browser stores Cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit.
We may use analytical cookies to help understand information about your web browser or mobile device, how you use features on our Services (e.g., how long you spend on our website and which pages you visited), and how you reached our website from other sources (e.g., search engines, links, referrals, email, social media). We may also use cookies for other necessary purposes such as to help prevent malicious activity that could affect the quality or performance of the Services.
Most browsers have an option for turning off Cookies, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on whether you want to accept new Cookies based on certain filters or options. Information about the procedure you are required to follow in order to disable cookies can typically be found on the website of your internet browser provider or via help features of your internet browser. You may also wish to refer to other online resources about managing Cookies such as
this website
. We recommend that you leave Cookies active because they will help us improve and grow our Services. However, you have the option to disable Cookies and thereby revoke our ability to process this data.
This Privacy Policy covers our use of Cookies by us only and does not cover the independent use of Cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how such third parties place Cookies on your computer or mobile device. For example, third party websites that link to or are linked from our Services may set Cookies on your computer or mobile device, and that is outside of our control.
Device information:
We receive and store information from your connected device when you interact with the Services, including:
IP address
Device attributes (e.g., operating system, hardware and software versions, browser type, plugins)
Device operations (e.g., whether window is in the foreground or background)
Other information you choose to provide:
You may also voluntarily choose to provide information about yourself through our Services by other means. For example, you may voluntarily provide identity and contact information to us through a form on our Services. Whenever you have the option to input personal information on our Services, it is always up to you to decide whether to provide such information.
Information from third parties:
We may also receive information about you from third parties, including information that we specifically obtain to provide the Services according to our
Terms of Service
or to improve the quality of our Services. For example, we may receive information about you to help prevent fraud or misuse of the Services. As another example, we may also receive information about how you interact with emails that you opt to receive from us. We use this information to understand which communications will be useful to our users and also to improve our Services.
How do we use or disclose your information?
Human Dx uses your personal information where necessary: (a) when you have given consent to do so; (b) in order to perform its obligations under the Terms of Service, (c) where required by law, (d) where necessary for the legitimate performance of our business interests provided that there is no overriding impact on your interests or rights; and (e) to further the public interest.
Additionally, we may process your personal information for the following purposes and bases:
Providing, maintaining, and improving the Services based on their intended use, including by sharing such information with other users, allowing other users to connect and communicate with you, and using such information to improve and maintain the reliability, integrity, and quality of data and interactions on our Services;
Engaging in partnerships, research, and other efforts to advance the purpose and mission of Human Dx or otherwise act in the public interest;
Providing analytics, quality assurance, or other commercial services;
Managing your Account and sending you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Responding to your comments, questions, and requests, and providing customer service;
Communicating with you about the Services, surveys, events, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Services;
Detecting, investigating, and preventing fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protecting the rights and property of Human Dx and others;
Linking or combining with information we get from other sources to help understand your needs and provide you with a better experience on the Services; and
Carrying out any other purpose that has been disclosed to you.
While the above purposes and bases generally apply to information we collect, below are some other specific highlights that we want to provide to you:
Publicly shared versus private information:
Some of your Account Information, User Content, and Interaction Information that you submit through the Services is
public
by default, meaning that any other user who has created an Account on the Services or who otherwise uses humandx.org can access and view such information. This may include your name, your chosen photo, written medical case studies shared with the community, feedback to community case studies, conversations with the community, and other written information or communications that you opt to provide publicly while using the Services.
Other Account Information and User Content we collect is
private
with respect to other users, meaning that such private Account Information will not be accessible to other users, and will typically be so indicated or labeled in the Services as "Private Information" or the like. Some User Content can be selectively shared with specific other users, such as by inviting specific collaborators using features of the Services, and you choose whether to share and with whom you share such User Content.
Contacting you:
We may use your Account Information or other contact information you voluntarily provide to send you information about our Services. We may also contact you in order to provide the Services or for other legitimate purposes such as for account recovery. By using the Services, you consent to receiving these communications that facilitate our ability to provide the Services to you under our
Terms of Service
. That being said, you may unsubscribe from messages through the Services or by contacting us
here
.
Information shared with our Agents:
We employ and contract with people and entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our "
Agents
"), including for example, contractors, consultants, and service providers. We may share personal information with our Agents who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf in order to provide or improve the Services.
Information shared for research purposes:
We evaluate, plan, conduct, and participate in research activities, including with third parties such as universities, companies, and institutions, where data that we collect can contribute to general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health, and other initiatives. For example, your User Content and Interaction Information may be used in research to assess and improve the quality of healthcare worldwide, and you acknowledge that we may share and use data in this manner as collected from your voluntary use of our Services.
Information used to provide education, analytics, quality assurance, or other offerings:
We may use information collected from use of the Services, including User Content and Interaction Information, to provide offerings to customers and partners. For example, we may offer statistical information about use of the Services, we may offer access to information on the Services for educational purposes, or we may offer access to and use of information on the Services for quality assurance or management purposes.
Information disclosed pursuant to business transfers:
If we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, the collected information described in this Privacy Policy would be among the assets that are likely to be transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information disclosed for our protection and the protection of others:
We also retain the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (iv) respond to user support requests; or (v) protect the public or our rights, property, safety, or users. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or spam/malware prevention and taking other actions in the public interest.
How does Human Dx handle data security?
Human Dx is committed to protecting information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to or from us over the Internet. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. You should therefore take care in deciding what information you send to us or share on the Services. We are always working on improving security and will provide updates regarding our efforts from time to time.
Where is my information stored?
Human Dx is based in the United States and its controller of data is Human Dx, Ltd., a public benefit corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the United States. When you access or use the Services, you are consenting to the collection, storage, processing, and other use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, you should stop using the Services and contact us if you have any concerns regarding your information.
Does Human Dx support Do Not Track?
Many newer web browsers may have a "Do Not Track" preference that transmits a "Do Not Track" header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want your activity to be tracked. Human Dx does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.
What actions can I take with respect to my personal information?
While this Privacy Policy strives to answer as many questions as possible about how we collect and use information relating to you, you may have more questions. You may also want to know more about what data we have collected about you or have access to such data. You are always welcome to contact our data protection team through
our website
if you want to learn more.
If you are a registered user, you can access certain information associated with your Account, including Account Information, User Content, and certain Interaction Information, by logging into the Services. You will be able to modify some of that information and may be able to modify privacy settings of such information through the Services as well. Registered and unregistered users can access and delete Cookies and access permissions through their web browser or mobile device settings.
You always have the option to cease using the Services, choose not to provide more information to us, and to delete your Account as described below.
We also invite you to contact our data protection team through
our website
if you want to modify or correct any inaccurate or incomplete information about you or if you want to delete or restrict information or processing of information concerning you for a legitimate reason. We will do our best to comply with such requests and will work with you to find a solution. However, because we maintain a system for the benefit of all our users and society as a whole, we must always take into account our needs and obligations to serve other users under their Terms of Service, our legitimate interests, and the public interest.
California Privacy Rights:
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for direct marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to our data protection team
here
.
How can you deactivate your Account?
Should you ever decide to deactivate your Account, you may do so by logging into your Account and clicking on the "Deactivate account" function. If you deactivate your Account, any association between your Account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your Account. Given the intended use of sharing on the Services according to the Terms of Service, and the importance of your activity on the Services for building a medical intelligence system for all, any personal information you have provided to us (including but not limited to User Content, Interaction Information, and Account Information) will still be stored and may still be used in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy, but such information will not be publicly associated with your name or identity.
What happens when there are changes to this Privacy Policy?
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes in the way we collect, store, process, or otherwise use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services, updating the "Last Updated" date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy, and/or by sending you an email (if you have provided your email address to us). Any updates to the Privacy Policy automatically apply to your use of the Services when you access or use the Services after the updates have been published, so you should always read the latest Privacy Policy.
What should you do if you still have questions?
While we aim to make this Privacy Policy as easy to understand as possible, if at any point you have questions about this Privacy Policy or otherwise want to contact us about data privacy, feel free to reach out to our data protection officer by contacting us
here
.
Our team will respond to your inquiries and requests as soon as we can.
RISE TOGETHER.
© 2025 Human Dx, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
© 2025 Human Dx, Ltd. All rights reserved.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Human Dx
RISE TOGETHER.
About
Team
Research
Contact
Get the app