up
Mobile App Terms and Conditions
1. GENERAL
By installing the Application (as defined below), you agree to be bound by these terms of use ("appterms"). Please review them carefully before registering and/or acceptance.
2. DEFINITIONS
The "Application" shall mean the software provided by AppJel Inc. to offer services related to Ramen, services to be used on Apple iOS and Android OS devices and any upgrades from time to time and any other software or documentation which enables the use of the Application.
3. DATA PROTECTION
Any personal information you supply to AppJel when using the Application will be used by AppJel in accordance with its Privacy Policy which can be viewed below.
4. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS AND LICENCE
4.1. All trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights of any nature in the Application together with the underlying software code are owned either directly by AppJel Inc. or by AppJel's licensors.
4.2. AppJel hereby grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free revocable licence to use the Application for your personal use in accordance with these appterms.
5. CONDITIONS OF USE
5.1. You will not, nor allow third parties on your behalf to (i) make and distribute copies of the Application (ii) attempt to copy, reproduce, alter, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, transfer, exchange or translate the Application; or (iii) create derivative works of the Application of any kind whatsoever.
5.2. The Application is currently made available to you free of charge for your personal, non-commercial use. AppJel reserves the right to amend or withdraw the Application, or charge for the application or service provided to you in accordance with these appterms, at any time and for any reason.
5.3. You acknowledge that the terms of agreement with your respective mobile network provider ('Mobile Provider') will continue to apply when using the Application. As a result, you may be charged by the Mobile Provider for access to network connection services for the duration of the connection while accessing the Application or any such third party charges as may arise. You accept responsibility for any such charges that arise.
5.4. If you are not the bill payer for the mobile telephone or handheld device being used to access the Application, you will be assumed to have received permission from the bill payer for using the Application.
6. AVAILABILITY
6.1. This Application is available to handheld mobile devices running Apple iOS and Android OS Operating Systems. AppJel will use reasonable efforts to make the Application available at all times. However you acknowledge the Application is provided over the internet and mobile networks and so the quality and availability of the Application may be affected by factors outside AppJel's reasonable control.
6.2. AppJel, its group of companies and sub-contractors do not accept any responsibility whatsoever for unavailability of the Application, or any difficulty or inability to download or access content or any other communication system failure which may result in the Application being unavailable.
6.3. AppJel will not be responsible for any support or maintenance for the Application.
7. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
7.1. In order to use the Application, you are required to have a compatible mobile telephone or handheld device, internet access, and the necessary minimum specifications ('Software Requirements').
7.2. The Software Requirements are as follows: Apple iOS devices running iOS 8 or above, and Android OS devices running Android OS 4.1 and above; Language: English
7.3. The version of the Application software may be upgraded from time to time to add support for new functions and services.
8. TERMINATION
8.1. AppJel may terminate use of the Application at any time by giving notice of termination to you.
8.2. Upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you herein shall terminate; (b) you must cease all use of the Software;
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
9.1. In no event will AppJel be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential losses or damages of whatsoever kind arising out of your use or access to the Application, including loss of profit or the like whether or not in the contemplation of the parties, whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise.
9.2. AppJel is not liable to you for any damage or alteration to your equipment including but not limited to computer equipment, handheld device or mobile telephones as a result of the installation or use of the Application.
9.3. Nothing in these Appterms shall exclude or limit AppJel's liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Application and software are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 08, 2018
AppJel Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the  website and the APP mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Tap on a section to expand its contents.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Date of birth (optional)
Usage Data
We also collect information about your device type for the purposes of being able to send you push notifications.
This Usage Data includes the device type (iOS or Android) and the devices operating system version number.
Use of Data
AppJel Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To allow you to reset passwords
Retention of Data
AppJel Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
AppJel Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
AppJel Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
AppJel Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of AppJel Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Rights
AppJel Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please
contact us
to make the required changes.
If you wish to be removed from our systems, please
contact us
.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to AppJel Inc.. You can
request
to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties do not have any access to your Personal Data.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You can access this agreement at any time from within the App settings or by visiting
this link
.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
contact@appjel.com