TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY
ITERATION MOBILE S.L (hereinafter, "ITERATION"), Spanish company with CIF B84651900 and domiciled for tax purposes at Calle Valparaiso Nº2, 3ª Planta, Oficina 1, 28944, Fuenlabrada, Madrid, is the owner of this application (hereinafter, "the application").
This application has been designed for practising driving school tests with the aim of preparing students for obtaining the driving licence or licences offered through the application.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The application and all its contents, including but not limited to texts, photographs, graphics, audio and video material, software, logos, titles, characters, names and icons are the property of ITERATION or, where appropriate, of its licensees. The total or partial copying and reproduction of the contents are strictly prohibited, as is the processing of inverse engineering using any of the contents used by the application.
PRIVACY POLICY
At ITERATION we care about your privacy. This privacy policy aims to help you to understand what information we gather, why we gather and how you can manage your information.
In this Privacy Policy, the term "personal information" refers to the information you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, device identifier, email address or your location.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER AND WHAT DO WE USE IT FOR?
Information on the use of the Application
When installing the application on your device, the application gathers ANONYMOUS information regarding its ue and information of the device on which it is installed. For example, frequency of use of the application, usage time, type and model of the device, unique identifiers, language, version of the operating system, use of the battery and IP address. We also gather ANONYMOUS information regarding fault reports and performance.
All the informaton gathered is used to maintain and improve the quality of the service provided. Thanks to this information, ITERATION can offer a customised service, make improvements to the application and resolve operating errors. We also use your information to communicate with you by sending messages containing information relating to updates, promotions or new related to the application.
Under no circumstance will we sell the data gathered, neither will we share it with third parties, unless required by law.
ITERATION uses the following third-party software for gathering usage information:
Services provided by Google Inc.:
Google Analytics for Firebase:
We use Google Analytics to gather information on the use of the application. Google Analytics may share data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Cloud Messaging.
Firebase Crash Reporting:
We use Firebase Crash Reporting for reporting errors and information regarding the use of the application.
Firebase Remote Config:
We use Firebase Remote Config for performing A/B tests and validating or purchasing the results relating to changes or improvements applied to different application user populations.
Firebase Cloud Messaging:
We use Firebase Cloud Messaging for sending messages and notifications to the users of the application. The messages may be sent to individual devices, groups of devices or specific segments. We can obtain statistics on how the users interact with our notifications (For example, the number of messages opened or conversion events associated to a particular message).
For further informaton, please check the Google privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Services provided by other companies:
Facebook Analytics:
We use Facebook Analytics for monitoring and analysing the marketing channels related to Facebook. This way, we can obtain better results when launching marketing campaigns aimed at obtaining new downloads of the application. This also helps us to understand how the users use the application. For further information, please check the Facebook privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Information you share with us
Information that you voluntarily share with us, such as your email address, age, gender, user name or any information about your profile that we can use to offer you a more personalized experience. We use your data to send you news, statistics and additional information related to our services.
We may also use the email address you have given us (subject to the provisions of current law) to send you promotions and marketing campaigns. If you do not wish to receive any more notifications, please click on the corresponding link in the email messages or write to us at support@iteration-mobile.com. We will not share your contact information with any third parties.
ADVERTS
The application may use publicity to provide the service free of charge. When using the application, your device automatically sends certain information to our advertising partners. This information includes, for example, the name of the application, the type of device and the advertising ID.
The application and our associates may compile and process personal data such as the identifier of your device, location data and other demographic or relevant information in order to offer you customised adverts.
If you are a user located within the European Union, you may chose between using the application with customised adverts or non-customised adverts by accessing the "Privacy" option in the application setting.
We may also receive information in an ANONYMOUS manner regarding how our users interact with our adverts.
Below is the list of advertising partners with which we work for showing adverts:
Google Admob:
Privacy policy
Facebook:
Privacy policy
Unity Ads:
Privacy policy
Mopub:
Privacy policy
The application may incorporate integrated purchases for removing adverts.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHONOLOGIES
The application may use cookies and similar technologies. Cookies a small text files that are stored on your device. The application may use cookies for a range of different purposes such as to avoid the need to insert access information or gather statistical information. The user may choose to configure his/her web browser to reject cookies or to warn the user when cookies are sent.
COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATORS
GDPR European Union Requirements
We regularly review our privacy policy and we ensure that the processing of your information meets said policy. The GDPR is the new EU regulation for protecting the privacy of its citizens. As a user of the application, you hav certain rights regarding how "personal information" is processed. These rights are described below:
Right to be informed: You have the right to know how your data are processed.
Right to access: You have the right to access and a request a copy of your data which have been gathered.
Right to rectification: You have the right to modify and update your personal data when incorrect data are being used.
Right to removal: You have the right to delete all personal data that have been gathered.
Right to restriction: Your have the right to prevent a company from processing certain types of personal data.
Right to portability of the data: You have the right access your personal data and transfer them to other data controllers.
Right to oppose: You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data for public interest, marketing or research.
Right to reject automatic decisions: You have the right to oppose your data from being processed by automatic systems.
You may submit any of the requests described above by contacting us:
support@iteration-mobile.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the most recent privacy policy and its duration date on our website. In the event of substantially modifying this privacy policy, we may inform of said changes by means of a specific warning in our applications, on our websites, by email or by means of a notification.
LIABILITY EXEMPTION
Without prejudice of the legal obligations arising from the application of the Spanish and European regulations, this application is provided without any kind of express or implicit guarantee regarding its quality, reliabilty, compatibility, security, performance, purpose, precision or accurateness and non-breach of the rights or legal compliances that may arise for its use regardless of the reason causing the same.
Use of this application implies that:
You accept the risks that may arise as a result of using this application.
You accept the consequences that may arise from the use of any of the services that this application may provide irrespective of the functionality and purpose of its use.
You accept the responsibility for any event that may arise which entails damage to the user or a third-party.
You release ITERATION from all liability regarding the negative results or undesired consequences involved in a breach or crime of any nature.
You are responsible for any illegal use that may be made using the application which involves any regulatory or legal non-compliance.
CANCELLATION OF THE SERVICES
You may cancel the services of this application at any time by uninstalling the application from your device.
CONTACT
If you have any question regarding the terms of use or the privacy policy, you may contact us by:
support@iteration-mobile.com
Latest update: 25 March 2020
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 3
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more