Homey Privacy Policy
Your (“You,” “Your”) privacy is important to us at Homey (“Company,”. “Homey”, “Us,” “We,” “Our”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the data We collect through our website and our apps; it does not apply to data collected through or by any other online or offline sites, products, or services. It also does not apply to any data that is processed exclusively through third party providers. That data is protected by those providers’ privacy policies.
Information You Provide that We Collect
Homey (the “Service”) is an application, accessible through our mobile apps that allows You to assign chores to your children with instructions that include photos. We collect your email address as part of our registration process. We may also collect your name, username, and other personal information. If You upload images, or other user-created content to the Service, we collect that information. When You send us an email with a question or support issue, we collect your email address for the purpose of responding to your question. If you subscribe to a newsletter or other service, we collect your email address for that purpose. We may also collect and aggregate information on the pages You visit when you access or use the Service.
How We Use, Share, and Protect the Information We Collect
We use the information We collect to improve the Service. We do not share or sell any information you provide to us, except under the following circumstances:
We may share your information with third party service providers (such as Mailchimp, Google Analytics, Facebook, Kochava) with whom we partner to offer the Service. We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
We may share Your information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Our Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law.
We may share Your information if We are acquired by or merge with another company. In this event, We will notify you before Your information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We make commercially reasonable efforts to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of Your information from unauthorized access and use by unauthorized parties. Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will not fail, or that unauthorized access or use will not occur. If we become aware that Your information has been accessed without authorization, we will notify you using the contact information You have provided to Us.
Your Control over the Privacy Level of the Information You Provide
The data You enter into our system is private. Your data may be available to others with whom you share the Service, such as your spouse and your children but will never be available to other users of the Service.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You can review and update your personal information by logging into Homey and visiting your account profile page and making changes.
Personally-Identifiable Information Submitted by Children Under 13
Because the Service is intended for use by parents and children, it is, in part, directed towards children under thirteen years of age. Homey is offered in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Act, or COPPA, which is a law that protects the privacy rights of children under thirteen. We obtain parental consent prior to collecting any personal information from children under thirteen that does not fall within an exception to COPPA. Personal information protected under COPPA that we may collect includes a child’s name, home or email address, photos, as well as written conversations in comments created in our app. Personal information of children under thirteen is never shared with third parties or publicly, except that parents and children who use the Service may be able to access their children’s personal information. We will keep the child’s information only so long as You use Homey. When You delete Your account, all personal information, including the personal information of children, will be deleted. A parent or guardian may contact Us at info@homeyapp.net any time to delete, review, or update any personal information we may have collected from their child and may choose to not allow us to collect any of their child’s personal information.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may periodically update this policy. We will notify You when we make material changes to the way we treat Your personal information by sending You a notice to the email registered with your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Service. We will give you the opportunity to opt-out of any provisions that reduce your protection under this policy, and will ask for your consent if we make a change to this policy that reduces Your rights. We will retain older versions of our privacy policy for your review on the Site, linked at the end of the current Privacy Policy.
Correcting, Changing, or Removing Information or Asking Questions
Please send requests to correct, change or remove information that we may have received from you or to ask questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to: info@homeyapp.net.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement along with Terms and Conditions constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between you and Homey with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals, representations, understandings, or agreements not specifically incorporated herein. This Agreement may not be amended except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Homey.
Contact Info
Copyright (C) 2016 HomeyLabs Inc. All rights reserved.
Product Site:
www.homeyapp.net
If you have any questions please contact us via
info@homeyapp.net
Thank you for using Homey.