Standland Home
Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 23, 2020
Flask LLP ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Standland iOS/watchOS application ("this app").
By using this app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We will use Apple's HealthKit APIs to read certain data from the Health App Database on your device (the “Health Data”). Such information may include:
Stand Hours
Steps
We will use your Health Data to count your stand hours and show your progress in this app.
We will not use your Health Data for marketing or advertising purposes. Your Health Data will be accessed locally through the HealthKit and will not be stored or cached by the app. Your Health Data will not be sent to our server. This app cannot read from or write to the Health App Database without your consent.
Security
The security of your information is important to us, but remember that no method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
We will not change this agreement to allow the collection of your personal information or make other significant changes without your consent.
Disclaimers
We make no guarantees as to the suitability of this app for the user, or for any of its functionality, product price, accuracy, or usefulness, and will not be held responsible in the event that damage is incurred.
We reserve the right to change this app or to stop offering it. This company will not be held responsible if this app is discontinued, changed, or otherwise made unusable and data is damaged or lost as a result, or if the device itself is damaged, or if the device incurred damage due to another app.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Flask LLP
support@flaskapp.com