Privacy statement
Data Protection Declaration
Supercook is committed to the protection of personal data. The company therefore does everything possible to guarantee the security of personal data.
Collection and Use of Your Data
This data protection declaration covers the collection and use of personal data. This declaration covers personal data that are made available to Supercook by an individual in the course of a business process.
Personal Data
Supercook gathers the following personal data:
Online registrations on the Supercook.me page
Information requests, replies to queries and comments
Uploads of pictures
Warranty or guarantee claims
Newsletter requests
The data collected are as follows: name, address details and e-mail address. Supercook uses registered data for executing orders. When processing an order the order data (article, quantity, price, etc.) are allocated to the address data. With certain programs registration gives you access to e.g. the download area, repair registration and repair status.
You will have the right to request free information and the correction, blocking and, if need be, deletion of any stored data relating to you. For this purpose we would ask you to mail to
Support
or let us know your wishes by letter or fax.
Mobile Phone Apps for devices running Android and iOS (Location services)
Any mobile phone App either for Android or iOS, which is requesting location data in the for- or background, is using it for the sole purpose of connecting the mobile App and its device wirelessly to the Supercook smart appliance. We do not share any of such information with 3rd parties nor use it for advertising purpose. Any data collected while the mobile App for either Android or iOS is in use, will no longer be available after the App shut down or has been logged off.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can change the settings for the collection and use of your IP address from Google Analytics at any time in the future. More information can be found under
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
. We point out that on this web page the Google Analytics code „gat._anonymizeIp();“ was extended to ensure an anonymizated collection of IP address data.