Orario Treni
- Privacy Policy
Our
application provides you with Italian train timetables, real time train status,
progress, delays and platform numbers, and an ability to access third party
suppliers’ websites in order to purchase train tickets for Italian trains.
Full detail on the
personal data collected is provided in the dedicated section of this privacy
policy below.
Personal
data may be directly provided by you, or collected automatically when you use
this application.  You can find further detailed information about the purposes
of processing and about the specific personal data used for each of those
purposes in the table below.
Detailed information on
the processing of personal data
Personal data is directly
collected for the following purposes, based on your consent to provide it for:
Purpose
Personal data collected
Reason
Contacting you
Email address, name.
We use this info to contact you when you choose
  to get in touch with us, or if we have important updates to share with you.
Content commenting
Email address, first name and last name and any
  comments made that relate to you.
Advertising
Cookies & similar technology, unique device
  identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example),
  location and usage data.
We use limited personal data to show you
  advertising that is relevant to your interests.
Location services
Non-continuous geolocation.
To provide you access to station information and
  trains near you.
Personal data which is
collected automatically when using the application, to serve your legitimate
interests, and ours:
Purpose
Personal data collected
Reason
Infrastructure monitoring and content
  performance
We use personal data (such as the IP address)
  and device identifiers for this purpose.
We collect this info to make sure that
  everything is working as it should be and so we can personalise your experience,
  for example: showing content in your language of choice.
System logs and maintenance
We use personal data (such as the IP address)
  and device identifiers for this purpose.
We may collect files that record your interaction
  with us for operation and maintenance purposes, for example: system logs.
Analytics
Cookies & similar technology, unique device
  identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and usage
  data.
We collect this info to make sure that
  everything is working as it should be and to understand how many users are
  interacting with us.
Further information about
personal data
Third
party accounts and purchase process
We may track analytics and
usage data about your third-party accounts and purchases (with Italo,
Trenitalia etc).  However, please be assured that the username and password you
use to access your third-party accounts are only stored locally (on your
device) and never shared with us or with any other third parties we work with.
We do not handle or
process payment credentials: this happens on the transportation company’s
website.
Cookies
Any
use of cookies, device identifiers, or other tracking tools, set by us (or by
our carefully selected partners) serve the purposes of providing you with the
services you have requested, in addition to any other purposes described in
this policy.   Further info on advertising cookies is below, including who we
work with and how you can make choices.
Advertising cookies
Everywhere you go these
days, you’ll see adverts.  By using cookies and similar technology, our aim is
to make sure that
when
you see ads, they are relevant to your
interests.
We work with the following
ad exchanges listed below (and Google’s ad exchange,
AdX
) to show you
adverts that are relevant to you:
·
Rubicon:
for more info, please see
here
.
·
OpenX:
for more info, please see
here
.
·
IndexExchange:
for more info, please see
here
.
·
Sovrn:
for more info, please see
here
.
If you would rather not see personalised ads – that’s okay.
Here
is a
link
showing you how to opt out via various devices.  Please bear in mind that
opting out of personalisation doesn’t mean you’ll never see an advert: it just
means that what you see won’t be personalised to you.
Security of data
We take appropriate
security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or
unauthorised destruction of personal data.  Data processing is carried out
using computer systems, following organisational procedures and modes related
to the purposes indicated in this policy.
Transfers of data
Depending
on where you are located, data transfers may involve transferring your data to
a country other than your own. We transfer your personal data to trusted
service providers outside the European Economic Area (EEA). But, don’t worry,
we only work with those that prove to us that they have the same high standards
that we do.
Where we transfer your
personal data outside the EEA, we have rules in place to make sure your
personal data is kept safe and protected. Usually this means we’ll have
standard contractual
clauses
approved by the European Commission in our contracts with
parties outside the EEA, or we will rely on European Commission
adequacy decisions
.
How long is personal data
held?
Personal data is processed
and stored for as long as required for the purpose or purposes that it has been
collected for.  As a result:
·
Personal
data collected for the purposes of our legitimate interests shall be retained
for as long as needed to fulfil such purposes.
·
We
may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to
do so for the performance of a legal or regulatory obligation.
Your rights
You may exercise certain
rights regarding your personal data.  In particular, you have the right to
contact us in order to:
·
Withdraw
your consent at any time.
You have the right to withdraw consent where
you have previously given consent to the processing of your data.
·
Object
to processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the
processing of your data in certain circumstances.
·
Access
your data.
You
have the right to learn if your data is being processed, obtain disclosure
regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the data
undergoing processing.
·
Verify
and seek rectification.
You have the right to verify the accuracy of
your data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
·
Restrict
the processing of your data.
You have the right, under certain
circumstances, to restrict the processing of your data.
·
Have
your personal data deleted or otherwise removed.
You have the right,
under certain circumstances, to request erasure of your data.
·
Receive
your data and have it transferred to another controller.
You have
the right to receive data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to other entities
without any hindrance.
How
to exercise your rights
Any requests to exercise
rights in respect of personal data can be directed through the contact details
provided below. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be
addressed as quickly as possible.
Contact info
Our application is part of the Trainline Group of companies and is operated by Trainline.com Limited.
                Further detail of the personal data processed is set out in the Trainline Group’s privacy policy, which can be viewed
here
.
Contact email:
info@orariotreni.app
Changes to this privacy
policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this
privacy policy at any time by giving notice to you through a change to this
policy, the application or email.
26 November 2020