Contact Us
Use the form on the right to contact us.
Email Address
(required)
Message
(required)
Submit
Submit
123 Street Avenue, City Town, 99999
(123) 555-6789
email@address.com
You can set your address, phone number, email and site description in the settings tab.
Link to
read me page
with more information.
Retro VHS Apple Download
Retro VHS Android Download
Retro VHS Apparel
HAUNTED VHS
Haunted VHS Apple Download
Haunted VHS Android Download
Home
Retro VHS Old School Video
Info
Email
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Retro VHS
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
AppLovin
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Unity Analytics
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
Zendesk Widget
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Platform services and hosting
Squarespace
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Further information about Personal Data
Everyplay
We optionally allow sharing on the video social network Everyplay. Please refer to their privacy policy for details located at https://everyplay.com/privacy-policy.
Sensitive App Permissions
The app requires camera and microphone permissions in order to record video. None of this data is transmitted externally unless the user specifically shares videos on EveryPlay or through other means. The app also requires disk write permission in order to save videos on user request to your phone's long term storage.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Retro VHS, Inc.
41 W Hwy 14
Spearfish, SD 57783
Owner contact email:
retrovhsapp@outlook.com
Full policy
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
       Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); first name; last name; email address.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes:
         Advertising, Analytics, Contacting the User, Interaction with support and feedback platforms and Platform services and hosting.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
In addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data collected:
                         Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
AppLovin (AppLovin Corporation)
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation.
Personal Data collected:
                         Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected:
                         Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Unity Analytics (Unity Technologies ApS)
Unity Analytics is an analytics service provided by Unity Technologies ApS.
Personal Data collected:
                         Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
Denmark
–
Privacy Policy
.
Contacting the User
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected:
                         email address; first name; last name.
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
Zendesk Widget (Zendesk)
The Zendesk Widget is a service for interacting with the Zendesk support and feedback platform provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data collected:
                         Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
US
–
Privacy Policy
.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Squarespace (Squarespace, Inc)
Squarespace is a platform provided by Squarespace, Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Application. Squarespace is highly customizable and can host websites from simple blogs to complex e-commerce platforms.
Personal Data collected:
                         various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
USA
–
Privacy Policy
.
Further information about Personal Data
Everyplay
We optionally allow sharing on the video social network Everyplay. Please refer to their privacy policy for details located at https://everyplay.com/privacy-policy.
Sensitive App Permissions
The app requires camera and microphone permissions in order to record video. None of this data is transmitted externally unless the user specifically shares videos on EveryPlay or through other means. The app also requires disk write permission in order to save videos on user request to your phone's long term storage.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 3
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 4
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Sub-policy 5
http://squarespace.com/privacy:
Skip to Main Content
Squarespace Logo
Account Dashboard
Domains
Log Out
Get started
Products
Websites
Websites
→
Website Templates
→
Blueprint AI
→
Design Intelligence
→
Portfolios
→
Blogs
→
Analytics
→
Hire an Expert
→
Enterprise
→
Domains
Find a Domain
→
Transfer a Domain
→
Commerce
Ecommerce Overview
→
Ecommerce Templates
→
Online Stores
→
Services
→
Scheduling
→
Content & Memberships
→
Invoicing
→
Memberships
→
Donations
→
Payments
→
Marketing
Marketing Tools
→
Email Campaigns
→
SEO Tools
→
Free Business Tools
→
By Squarespace
Acuity Scheduling
→
The scheduling solution for appointment-based services
Bio Sites
→
Share your online world in one link
Unfold
→
Everything to stand out on social
Resources
Made with Squarespace
Squarespace Blog
Help Center
Forum
Webinars
For Professionals
Log In
Log Out
Get started
Start a Free Trial
Squarespace Logo
Products
Resources
Log
            In
Account Dashboard
Domains
Log Out
Get started
Start a Free Trial
Websites
Websites
→
Website Templates
→
Blueprint AI
→
Design Intelligence
→
Portfolios
→
Blogs
→
Analytics
→
Hire an Expert
→
Enterprise
→
Domains
Find a Domain
→
Transfer a Domain
→
Commerce
Ecommerce Overview
→
Ecommerce Templates
→
Online Stores
→
Services
→
Scheduling
→
Content & Memberships
→
Invoicing
→
Memberships
→
Donations
→
Payments
→
Marketing
Marketing Tools
→
Email Campaigns
→
SEO Tools
→
Free Business Tools
→
By Squarespace
Acuity Scheduling
→
The scheduling solution for appointment-based services
Bio Sites
→
Share your online world in one link
Unfold
→
Everything to stand out on social
Made with Squarespace
→
Squarespace Blog
→
Help Center
→
Forum
→
Webinars
→
For Professionals
→
A collection of inspirational websites made by real Squarespace users.
Stories and solutions for the modern entrepreneur.
In-depth guides and videos about the platform, our services, and how to get started.
An online community for Squarespace users and professionals to discuss best practices and seek advice.
Free, online sessions where you’ll learn the basics and refine your Squarespace skills.
Earn rewards for building custom websites your clients can easily manage with Circle.
Legal & Privacy
The Fine Print
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Product Specific Terms
Domain Registration Agreement
Data Processing Addendum
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Image Terms
Developer Terms
Developer Policy
Legal Notice
Circle Terms
Content Generation Terms
Squarespace Payments Terms
Bank Account Debit Authorizations
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Product Specific Terms
Domain Registration Agreement
Data Processing Addendum
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Image Terms
Developer Terms
Developer Policy
Legal Notice
Circle Terms
Content Generation Terms
Squarespace Payments Terms
Bank Account Debit Authorizations
For a limited time, take 20% off any new website plan.
Take 20% off any new website plan.
Use code at checkout:
W3E20
Expires
March 15, 2025
Offer Terms
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 31, 2025
Squarespace (“Squarespace,” “we,” “us” or “our”) respects your privacy. When it comes to your personal information, we believe in transparency. That’s why we’ve set out here what personal information we collect, what we do with it and your choices and rights.
By using or accessing any of our sites, templates, products, applications, tools, services and features (collectively, the "Services"), you confirm you have agreed to the
Terms of Service
and have read and understood this Privacy Policy and our
Cookie Policy
. The Squarespace entity that controls your information depends on where you are located. See
Section 12 below
.
You can find out about your rights and choices in
Section 6 below
. We’ve also included at the end of this Privacy Policy some region-specific supplemental information if you are located in: (i)
California
; or (ii)
a U.S. state (other than California) with an applicable data privacy law
.
For clarity, we use different defined terms in this Privacy Policy to refer to the different parties who interact with our Services:
A “User” is someone who visits or uses one of our sites, such as
www.squarespace.com
,
www.acuityscheduling.com
,
www.unfold.com
or
www.biosites.com
or mobile applications.
A “Customer” is one of our Users who has an account with us. Customers may use our Services to register domain names, create websites (including scheduling pages) and other content, and otherwise manage and market their online businesses.
An “End User” is someone who visits, purchases from, makes a booking with or otherwise uses one of our Customer’s sites that was created using, and is hosted on, our Services.
We also use different terms in this Privacy Policy to differentiate between our roles under global data privacy laws with respect to the personal information we process:
“Squarespace Controlled Information” is personal information for which Squarespace acts as the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable law) and determines the purposes and means of processing. This includes information about our Users and Customers. We also act as an independent data controller for personal information relating to End Users which we automatically receive (including via cookies or similar tracking technology) when an End User visits a site hosted on our Services (such as the End User’s IP address) when we process it for our own purposes, including to foster the security and integrity of our Services.
“Customer Controlled Information” is personal information for which a Customer acts as the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable law) and determines the purposes and means of processing. This includes any personal information included in the content uploaded by a Customer to our Services for display on their site, a Customer’s domain registration contact information and all information about a Customer’s End Users (including information provided by an End User to a Customer via a webform on the Customer’s site as well as information automatically received (including via cookies or similar tracking technology) when an End User visits the Customer’s site).
We explain below how we collect and use Squarespace Controlled Information and your rights.  If you are an End User of one of our Customers’ sites: (a) read below to learn about how we collect and use your Site Usage Information (as described in
Section 2 below
); and (b) you should read that Customer’s site’s privacy policy to find out more about how they use and otherwise process Customer Controlled Information about you.
Table of Contents:
How does this Privacy Policy apply?
Information we collect
How we collect your information
How we use your information
When we disclose your information
Your rights and choices
How we protect your information
How we retain your information
Data transfers
Data Privacy Frameworks
Updates to this Privacy Policy
Who is Squarespace?
How to contact us
Appendix I. California Supplemental Information
Appendix II. Other US States Supplemental Information
1. How does this Privacy Policy apply?
This Privacy Policy describes what we do with Squarespace Controlled Information, such as Customer account information, information about how Users use and interact with our Services, information Users submit to our customer support, and, when we use it for our own purposes, including to foster the security and integrity of our Services, End User information which is automatically collected when an End User visits a Customer’s site hosted on our Services.
We have separate privacy policies that apply in relation to our processing of personal information relating to our staff and applicants for jobs at a Squarespace group company.
We use cookies and similar technologies. Our
Cookie Policy
describes what we do in that regard.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Customer Controlled Information as described above.
For Customer Controlled Information, Squarespace acts as a data processor, service provider or similar term under applicable law. This means we process a Customer’s Customer Controlled Information on behalf of, and pursuant to, the instructions of that particular Customer. We also use and disclose Customer Controlled Information:
to enforce our
Terms of Service
and other legal terms and policies;
to comply with applicable legal requirements, such as tax and other government regulations and industry standards, contracts or law enforcement requests; and
in the case of domain registration contact information, to comply with Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), registry, ccTLD or registrar rules, regulations and policies.
Our Customers are responsible for ensuring that their collection and processing of Customer Controlled Information complies with applicable law. If you are a Customer looking for contractual provisions about how Squarespace will treat and secure your Customer Controlled Information, please see our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Back to top
2. Information we collect
We collect various information regarding you or your device. This includes the following:
Account Information
:
Customer Account Details
: Information you provide to create an account, specifically email address, password, first name and last name.
Payments Services Account Information
: If you use the Payments Services (as defined in the
Squarespace Payments Terms)
, additional information you provide to set up and manage Payments Services and integrate them with the Processing Services (as defined in the
Squarespace Payments Terms
), including information about you and your business, such as bank account details, name, address, phone number, date of birth, government number (such as a social security number, passport number or driver’s license number), tax identifier (EIN) and nationality.
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
: If you use the Payments Services, you may be required to provide us with additional information to verify your identity, including a photograph of you captured by you during the verification process and a copy of an official government document which includes a different photograph of you. When you’re required to provide this additional information, our vendors may create a biometric scan of your facial geometry based on these two photographs in order to compare them and verify that you are the same individual whose photograph is on your government document. However, Squarespace does not create, store or otherwise have access to any such biometric data. Payments Services Identity Verification Information also includes details that are listed on such official government documents.
Optional 2FA Account Information
: You may optionally provide us with additional information, such as your phone number, if you wish to enable
two factor authentication (2FA)
on your customer account.
Account History Information
: Information about your account’s use of the Services, including your trials, subscriptions, discount code usage and related details. If you use the Payments Services or other financial products, this would also include information about your account’s use of the Payments Services or other financial products.
Payment Information
: Information you provide if you sign up for Services you have to pay for (e.g., a product subscription). For most paid Services, this will include your billing address as well as a portion of your payment information which is provided to us from our payment processor (such as the last four digits, the country of issuance and the expiration date of the payment card).
Marketing Preferences
: Your marketing preferences and details, including if you’ve opted out of all or a portion of our direct marketing messages.
Communication Information
: The emails and other communications that you send us or otherwise contribute, such as customer support inquiries or posts to our customer message boards or forums. Please be aware that information on public parts of our Services is available to others.
Site Usage Information
: Technical browsing or other information from your use of the Services or, where you are an End User, from your visits to Customers’ sites. This includes IP addresses, preferences, web pages you visited prior to coming to our or our Customers’ sites, information about your browser, network or device (such as browser type and version, operating system, internet service provider, preference settings, unique device IDs and language and other regional settings) and information about how you interact with the Services and, if you are an End User, with our Customers’ sites (such as timestamps, clicks, scrolling, browsing times, searches, transactions, referral pages, load times, and problems you may encounter, such as loading errors). If you’re using one of our mobile applications, Site Usage Information could also include your precise location information if your mobile device settings authorize us to collect this information.
Contact Information
: In addition to Customer contact information, we may also collect contact information for others, including people who work for our vendors or partners or other individuals that may include Users and Customers.
Enterprise Sales Information
: We collect information about companies and their personnel who are perceived to be potential customers for our enterprise services. Such information may include names, email addresses, job titles and phone numbers. If we discuss our enterprise services with such potential enterprise customers, this information may also include recordings of those discussions.
Survey and Research Information
: Information you share with us in connection with surveys or research.
Promotion Information
: Information you share with us in connection with contests, sweepstakes or other promotions.
Back to top
3. How we collect your information
We obtain information about you from various sources. We do this in three main ways:
You provide some of it directly (such as by registering for an account).
We record some of it automatically when you use our Services or, where you are an End User, from your visits to Customers’ sites (including with technologies like cookies).
We receive some of it from third parties (like when you register for an account using a third party service like Apple, Facebook or Google, when you purchase our products from an authorized reseller, when you make payments to us using our payment processor or via a mobile app store or when we receive information about potential enterprise sales leads).
We’ve described this in more detail below.
a. Information you provide
When you use our Services, we collect information from you in a number of ways. For instance, we ask you to provide your Customer Account Details to create and manage your account. We also maintain your Marketing Preferences and your Communication Information that you provide to us. You might also provide us with information in other ways, including by responding to surveys, participating in user research or entering a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion.
Sometimes we require you to provide us with information for contractual or legal reasons. For example:
we may ask you to provide a mailing address and/or select your jurisdiction when you sign up for our paid Services (e.g., purchase a subscription) to determine if, and how much, tax we need to collect from you; or
if you use the Payments Services through the Services, in accordance with the
Squarespace Payments Terms
, in order to provide the Payments Services and to comply with our contractual and legal obligations, we collect additional information related to the Payments Services and Processing Services, including Payments Services Account Information and possibly Payments Services Identity Verification Information.
We’ll normally let you know when information is required, and the consequences of failing to provide it. If you do not provide requested information, you may not be able to use our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.
b. Information obtained from your use of our Services
When you use our Services, we collect Site Usage Information and Account History Information about your activity on and interaction with the Services. If permission has been granted through your device settings, Site Usage Information for our mobile apps may include your precise location information.
If you are an End User of a Customer’s site, we also get Site Usage Information about your interactions with their sites.
Some of this information is collected automatically using cookies and similar technologies when you use our Services or, if you are an End User, when you visit a Customer’s site. We let our Customers control what cookies and similar technologies are used through their sites (except those we need to use to properly provide the Services, such as for functionality, performance or security related reasons). You can read more about our use of cookies in our
Cookie Policy
. Some of this information is similarly collected automatically through your browser or from your device.
c. Information obtained from other sources
If you use a third party service (such as Apple, Facebook or Google) to register for an account, the third party service may provide us with your Customer Account Details on your behalf, but we don’t collect or store passwords you use to access third party services. We do not control what information a third party service provides to us. The third party service you use may give you options on what the service discloses to us if you link your third party service account with the Services. Make sure you are comfortable with what these third party services share by reviewing their privacy policies and, if necessary, modifying your privacy settings directly on the third party service.
If you sign up for our paid Services via a third party service acting as an authorized reseller of our products, the reseller business partner may provide us with information on your behalf which is necessary for us to complete your paid Services sign up, such as your Customer Account Details.
If you use third party services which are integrated with the Services, including financial products, we may receive information about your use of such third party services via our integration business partners.
Currently, our payment processors are Stripe and PayPal. Each payment processor uses and processes your complete payment information in accordance with its applicable privacy policy (
Stripe
and
PayPal
).
If you sign up for paid Services with us using a payment card, we obtain limited information about your payment card from our payment processor, such as the last four digits, the country of issuance and the expiration date.
If you sign up for paid Services with us using PayPal or another non-payment card payment method, we may obtain information about your payment method from our payment processor, such as: (i) for PayPal, the email address associated with your PayPal account; and (ii) for Single Euro Payments Area (SEPA), the last four digits of your bank account number, the country of your bank account and your bank’s bank code and branch code.
The preceding payment processors paragraph is not applicable:
if you sign up for paid Services as an in-app purchase via a mobile app store, in which case the mobile app store’s privacy policy will apply. Please see
Google's privacy policy
and
Apple's privacy policy
for information about how they use and process your payment information.
if you sign up for paid Services via a third party service acting as an authorized reseller of our products. Please see the authorized reseller’s privacy policy for information about how they use and process your payment information.
Back to top
4. How we use your information
When we process your information pursuant to this Privacy Policy, we do so for the following purposes:
Provision of the Services to Customers
. Create and manage your account, configure and update your sites and site settings, register or transfer your domain names, process your payments to us, and receive support for your inquiries. If you use the Payments Services, in accordance with the
Squarespace Payments Terms
, this also includes the set up, management and provision of the Payments Services to you, the integration of the Payments Services with the Processor Services and the initiation of transactions on your behalf.
Communicating with you
. Communicate with you, including by sending you emails about your transactions and Service-related announcements.
Surveys and research and contests, sweepstakes or other promotions
. Conduct and administer surveys and research, as well as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions.
Processing your payments
. Receive payment from you for paid Services.
Promotion and sales
. Promote and sell our Services and send you tailored marketing communications about products, services, offers, programs and promotions of Squarespace and our partners and measure the success of those campaigns. For example, we may send different marketing communications to you based on your current subscription plan or what we think may interest you based on your Account History Information.
Advertising
. Learn about and analyze your interactions with our Services and third parties’ online services so we can tailor our advertising to what we think will interest you. For example, we may decide not to advertise our Services to you on a social media site if you already signed up for paid Services or we may choose to serve you a particular advertisement based on your current subscription plan or what we think may interest you based on your Account History Information. In certain US states, you have the right to opt out of our sharing of your information with such third party online services. See
Appendix I below
and
Appendix II below
.
Customizing the Services
. Provide you with a customized Services experience. For example, we may use your location information to determine your language preferences or display accurate date and time information. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to help us achieve this purpose, such as remembering which of your sites you most recently edited.
Improving our Services
. Learn about and analyze how the Services are accessed and used and evaluate and improve our Services (including by developing new products and services and managing our communications). For example, if we learn that most Customers of paid Services use a particular integration or feature, we might wish to expand on that integration or feature.
Security
. Foster the safety, security and integrity of our Services. If you use the Payments Services, in accordance with the
Squarespace Payments Terms
, this also includes fraud and risk monitoring, such as verifying your identity, determining your eligibility for certain Payments Services, detecting and investigating fraud and mitigating financial loss or other harm to you, Squarespace, your End Users or others.
Third party relationships
. Manage our vendor, partner and other third party relationships.
Enforcement
. Enforce our
Terms of Service
and other legal terms and policies.
Protection
. Protect our and others’ interests, rights and property.
Complying with law
. Comply with applicable legal requirements, such as tax and other government regulations and industry standards, contracts or law enforcement requests (including ICANN, registry, ccTLD or registrar rules, regulations and policies). If you use the Payments Services, in accordance with the
Squarespace Payments Terms
, these legal requirements include know your customer, anti-money laundering or anti-terrorism laws.
We may de-identify information we collect so the information cannot reasonably identify you or your device, or we may collect information that is already in de-identified form and use such information for purposes such as to conduct research, to improve our Services, for troubleshooting purposes or to help detect and protect against error, fraud or other criminal activity. We commit to not de-aggregating or re-identifying the aggregated and/or anonymized data that we process. Our use and disclosure of de-identified information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may use and disclose it to others for any purpose, without limitation.
For our Users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) we rely on the legal bases set out in the table below to process your information. The legal bases on which we rely for Users from other jurisdictions may differ from those listed below.
a. Performance of a contract.
We process your information as necessary for us to provide you with the Services and/or perform our
Terms of Service
or other relevant contract(s) with you. You cannot use our Services if we cannot process your information for the below purposes.
Purpose
Categories of Personal Information
i.
To create and manage your account with Squarespace and provide our Services.
For our Customers, we collect certain information so you can login to our Services and manage and use your paid Services, including updating your site, scheduling page or domain name settings and registering or transferring your domain name registrations.
Customer Account Details
Optional 2FA Account Information
Account History Information
ii.
To receive payment for paid Services.
We use certain information to receive payment from our Customers who purchase paid Services from us. This involves us sharing information with our payment processors. Such payment processors will process your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Customer Account Details
Payment Information
iii.
To set up and manage your Payments Services account and integrate your Payments Services with the Processing Services.
As a Customer, depending on your location, you may use our payments service, Squarespace Payments, to accept various forms of payments on your site. You need to provide certain information and may also be required to verify your identity in order to set up your Payments Services account.
Payments Services Account Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Account History Information
iv.
To send communications about your transactions with us and other Service-related announcements.
As a Customer, if you make purchases from the Services or we need to otherwise notify you about our Services or your use of them, we need to communicate with you, including via email and/or by sending you an alert via the Services. You may also send us messages, such as requests for support.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Account History Information
Communication Information
v.
To provide support for our Services and resolve issues or disputes.
We use certain information to receive, review and respond to User, Customer and other individuals’ requests for support or other inquiries. We may also use your information to resolve any issues or disputes between you and a Customer.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Account History Information
Communication Information
Site Usage Information
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
vi.
To foster the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
We use certain information to foster the security and integrity of our Services, including: (A) to detect, investigate and/or prevent violations or potential violations of our
Terms of Service
and applicable policies; and (B) to detect, investigate and/or prevent suspicious, harmful, unsafe or unlawful activity or behavior, including fraud, spam or other safety or security issues.
If you are a Customer who uses the Payments Services, we use certain information to: (C) conduct fraud and risk monitoring; (D) verify your identity; (E) determine if you are eligible for certain Payments Services or financial products; (F) investigate fraud; and (G) mitigate financial loss or other harm to you, Squarespace, your End Users or others.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
vii.
To administer contests, sweepstakes and other promotions.
We use certain information about individuals who enter our contests, sweepstakes or other promotions to, as applicable, assess eligibility, manage and operate the promotion, select winners and provide prizes.
Customer Account Details
Promotion Information
Site Usage Information
b.
Where necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We have a legal obligation to process your information for the below purposes.
Purpose
Categories of Personal Information
i.
To comply with applicable tax laws.
We use certain information about paying Customers, such as their billing address, to comply with our obligations under applicable tax laws, including the Taxes Consolidation Act, 1997 and the Value-Added Tax Consolidation Act 2010 (each, as amended).
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Account History Information
Payment Information
ii.
To comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering laws.
We are required to obtain certain information about Customers who use the Payments Services to verify their identities and take preventative measures as a result of know your customer, money laundering and/or terrorist financing laws. These laws include EU Directive 2015/849 (AMLD IV) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing, the EU Digital Services Act, the Irish Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010, EU Directive 2018/843 (AMLD V) on anti-money laundering and terrorist financing and EU Member State implementing legislation such as the Criminal Justice (Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing) Act 2010.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Account History Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
iii.
To respond to a legal request or comply with applicable law where we have a legal or regulatory obligation.
We use, retain and disclose information where we have a legal or regulatory obligation to do so. For example: (A) if we receive a valid legal request, such as a court order, preservation order or search warrant, related to your account, we may use, retain and disclose your information to comply with such request (even if you subsequently exercise your rights under
Section 6 below
); (B) we may have obligations under ICANN, registry, ccTLD or registrar rules, regulations and policies to use, retain or disclose your information; and (C) in connection with litigation, potential disputes or regulatory matters, we may use, retain and disclose your information related to a legal claim or complaint, such as where we are subject to a regulatory investigation or need to defend ourselves in legal proceedings or respond to a regulatory complaint made by you or others. Such laws may include the European General Data Protection Regulation (including as amended and/or incorporated into UK law, the “GDPR”),the Data Protection Act 1988-2018, Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, Council Regulation (EC) No 1206/2001 of 28 May 2001 on cooperation between the courts of the Member States in the taking of evidence in civil or commercial matters, Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 (as amended) and the Criminal Justice Act 2011.
Squarespace implements a robust law enforcement request policy which is designed to ensure that all law enforcement, governmental and regulatory requests are valid and made in accordance with applicable legal process. Squarespace does not disclose data to law enforcement, regulatory or governmental bodies unless required by applicable law and objects to unlawful requests.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Marketing Preferences
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
Survey and Research Information
Promotion Information
c. Where necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party such as our Customers. For example, we have a legitimate interest in operating our business and our Customers have a legitimate interest in having their sites function properly, safely and securely. We won’t process your information if your interests or your fundamental rights and freedoms override ours or others’ legitimate interests. You have the right to object to this processing at any time.
Purpose
Categories of Personal Information
i.
To understand and analyze how you use our Services and improve your experience on the Services.
We use certain information to learn about and analyze our Users’ and Customers’ experience with our Services, including for bug detection and user research. We use these insights and this information to improve our Services. For example, if we learn that most Customers of our paid Services use a particular integration or feature, we might wish to expand on that integration or feature.
Account History Information
Communication Information
Site Usage Information
Survey and Research Information
ii.
To customize our Services for our Users and Customers.
We use certain information to customize our Services for you and tailor our communications for you. For example: (A) we use your location information to determine your language preferences or display accurate date and time information; and (B) we use information about how you use our Services to communicate relevant information to you. We also use cookies and similar technologies for this purpose, such as remembering, if you’re a Customer, which of your sites you most recently edited.
Customer Account Details
Account History Information
Communication Information
Site Usage Information
iii.
To tailor our advertising outside of the Services.
We use and share certain information with online advertising business partners.
Account History Information
Site Usage Information
iv.
To identify, respond to and propose solutions for potential enterprise Customers.
We use certain information to identify, respond to and propose solutions for potential business Customers in respect of our enterprise services.
Enterprise Sales Information
v.
To maintain the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
We use certain information to foster the security and integrity of our Services, including: (A) to detect, investigate and/or prevent violations or potential violations of our
Terms of Service
and applicable policies; (B) to detect, investigate and/or prevent suspicious, harmful, unsafe or unlawful activity or behavior, including fraud, spam or other safety or security issues; and (C) to maintain the integrity of our Services.
If you are a Customer who uses the Payments Services, we use certain information to: (F) conduct fraud and risk monitoring; (G) verify your identity; (H) determine if you are eligible to use certain Payments Services; and (I) investigate fraud; (J) mitigate financial loss or other harm to you, other Customers or your or their End Users.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
vi.
To protect our legal rights.
We may use, retain or share information to protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against actual or potential legal claims, including to address a violation or potential violation of our
Terms of Service
or policies (including our
Acceptable Use Policy
).
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Marketing Preferences
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
Survey and Research Information
Promotion Information
vii.
To manage our vendor, partner and other third party relationships.
We use certain information to manage our relationships with vendors, partners and other third parties.
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
viii.
In the event of a business transfer.
If Squarespace is involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale of some or all of our assets or other business transaction, depending on the circumstances, we may use or share information as part of the negotiation, consideration or effectuation of such transaction.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Marketing Preferences
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
Survey and Research Information
Promotion Information
d.
Where you provide your consent. In these scenarios, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Purpose
Categories of Personal Information
i.
To send you email marketing.
We need your consent to send you email marketing messages if you are in the EEA, UK or Switzerland (collectively, the “European Region”). You will be given the opportunity to opt out of each marketing communication that we send.
Customer Account Details
Marketing Preferences
Account History Information
ii.
To tailor our advertising outside of the Services.
Where we use cookies and similar technologies for this purpose, we need your consent to use or share your information with our online advertising business partners. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Account History Information
Site Usage Information
iii.
To verify your identity biometrically.
We need your explicit consent to have our vendor verify your identity through biometric means. You may request to have your identity verified in another manner.
Payments Services Account Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information (including a biometric scan of your facial geometry from a photo and official government document you provide)
e.
To protect your or others’ vital interests. In rare circumstances, we process your information to protect your or others’ vital interests.
Purpose
Categories of Personal Information
i.
To retain, review and
          share information with law enforcement and
          others.
We may use, retain or share information with law enforcement or others in circumstances where a person’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, we may share information to prevent loss of life or personal injury to a Customer, End User or third party, or to prevent crime or fraud.
Customer Account Details
Payments Services Account Information
Optional 2FA Account Information
Marketing Preferences
Account History Information
Payment Information
Communication Information
Payments Services Identity Verification Information
Site Usage Information
Other Individuals’ Contact Information
Survey and Research Information
Promotion Information
Back to top
5. How we disclose your information
We may disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
Vendors:
We disclose information about you to our vendors (including our affiliates) that perform services on our behalf. These include providers of the following types of services:
Customer support vendors
. These vendors assist us in hosting our support offerings (including our support guides and message boards or forums) and helping us track, manage and respond to customer support inquiries. We disclose data such as Customer Account Details and Communication Information to them to enable them to provide these services to us.
Sales and marketing vendors
. These vendors assist us in sending marketing and other communications. We disclose data such as Customer Account Details and Account History Information to them to enable them to provide these services to us.
Information technology vendors
. These vendors enable us to operate our Services in a fast, reliable manner by providing us with technology services like data hosting and cloud computing resources. We disclose data such as Customer Account Details, Account History Information, Payment Information and Site Usage Information to them to enable them to provide these services to us.
Safety and security vendors
. These vendors enable us to keep our Services safe and secure, such as by scanning, detecting and investigating possible violations of our policies or suspicious behavior, including fraud or other security or safety violations. We share Customer Account Details and Site Usage Information with them to enable them to provide these services to us.
Payments Services vendors
. These vendors (including
Stripe
,
Sift
and
Plaid)
enable us to operate and provide the Payments Services, provide the Processing Services, perform administrative payment functions, perform individual identity or bank verification and prevent or investigate suspected risk, fraud, security threats, illegal and malicious activity or violations of the
Squarespace Payments Terms
. In accordance with the
Squarespace Payments Terms
, we may disclose Customer Account Details, Payments Services Account Information, Account History Information, Payments Services Identity Verification Information and Site Usage Information to them to enable them to provide these services to us.
Professional advisors
. In limited cases, we may need to disclose your information with our professional advisors like our external lawyers or financial advisors who help us comply with our legal and financial obligations. Depending on the circumstances, we may share any of the information described in
Section 2 above
to them.
Business partners
. We may disclose information about you to our business partners. These include the following types of partners:
Reseller business partners
. We partner with companies who are authorized to resell our products on our behalf to Customers. We may disclose information to  these authorized resellers to provide you with support. For example, if you need support related to a resold Service, we may disclose information such as Account History Information to these resellers to assist them and us in resolving your issue.
Online advertising business partners
. We partner with advertising platforms so they and we can provide you with tailored advertising and measure and monitor its effectiveness. For example, we may: (a) disclose your Account History Information and, if you’re a Customer, your Site Usage Information, to a third party social media platform on which we advertise to avoid serving our ads to people who are already paying Customers; or (b) disclose information about you to a third party ad serving platform to target our ads to Customers who created accounts but have not yet signed up for paid Services.
Payments Services and financial product business partners
. We partner with Payments Services and financial product business partners such as
Stripe
to: (a) provide Customers who use the Payments Services or other financial products with the Processing Services and other Services; and (b) allow Customers to receive, become eligible for and learn about Third Party Services offered by such business partners.
Third party plugins and social networks
. We may disclose information about you to other parties that operate website plugins, social media platforms or similar third party services to improve your experience, at your direction, or when you intentionally interact with the plug-in. For example, when you use a third party service to create or log in to your account, we disclose the fact that you did so with that third party service.
Process payments
. We transmit your Payment Information via an encrypted connection to our payment processors.
Following the law or protecting rights and interests
. We disclose your information if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, protect our or others’ rights, property or interests (such as enforcing our
Terms of Service
), prevent fraud or abuse of Squarespace or our Customers or their End Users or prevent other criminal or illegal activity. For example, we may disclose your information in response to valid legal requests sent by public or governmental authorities (such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements) or sent by third party nongovernmental individuals or organizations pursuant to a validly issued subpoena, other valid legal process under applicable law or bona fide request to investigate or prevent criminal or other illegal activity. Depending on the circumstances, we may disclose any of the information described in
Section 2 above
to them.
Business transfers
. If we're involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale of some or all of our assets or other business transaction, depending on the circumstances, we may disclose any of the information described in
Section 2 above
as part of the negotiation, consideration or effectuation of such transaction.
Back to top
6. Your rights and choices
Where applicable law requires (and subject to any relevant exceptions or obligations under law), you may have the right to access, port, update, change or delete personal information.
You may have the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information or to exercise a right to data portability under applicable law.
You can access, update, change or delete personal information (or that of your End Users) in your account. You can also delete your account by following the instructions in
this support guide
. Please note that we may need to verify your identity in connection with your requests, and such verification process may, if you do not have access to your account, require you to provide us with additional information we maintain about you to verify your identity. Even if you have access to your account, we may request additional information if we believe it’s necessary to verify your identity. If we are unable to verify your identity or request, we may not, in accordance with applicable law, be able to fulfill your request. You may also contact us by email at
privacy@squarespace.com
to submit a request.
Please note that, for technical reasons, there will likely be a delay in deleting your personal information from our systems when you ask us to delete it. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may also retain personal information in order to comply with the law, protect our or others’ rights, resolve disputes or enforce our legal terms or policies.
Additionally, if we rely on consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
You can also elect not to receive marketing communications by changing your preferences in your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions in such communications.
Our
Cookie Policy
explains how you can manage cookies and similar technologies.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, subject to applicable law. See
Section 12 below
.
If you are an End User, you should contact the applicable Customer to exercise your rights with respect to any information they hold about you which they control.
Back to top
7. How we protect your information
While no service is completely secure, we have a dedicated security team. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards that are intended to appropriately protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse and any other unlawful form of processing, of the personal information in our possession. We employ security measures such as using firewalls to protect against intruders, building redundancies throughout our network (so that if one server goes down, another can cover for it) and testing for and protecting against network vulnerabilities.
Back to top
8. How we retain your information
We retain your information for as long as your account is active or for as long as needed to provide you with the Services. We also retain your information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, for example, to comply with our legal obligations, protect us in the event of disputes, enforce our agreements or to protect our or others’ interests.
The precise periods for which we keep your information vary depending on the nature of the information and why we need it. Factors we consider in determining these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed by law or recommended as best practice, the period during which a claim can be made with respect to an agreement or other matter, whether the information has been aggregated or pseudonymized, and other relevant criteria. For example, the period we keep your email address is connected to how long your account is active, while the period for which we keep a support message is based on how long has passed since the last submission in the thread.
As Customers may have a seasonal site or come back to us after an account becomes inactive, if you’re a Customer, we may not immediately delete your information when your trial expires or you cancel all your paid Services. Instead, we keep your information for a reasonable period of time, so it will be there for you if you come back.
You may delete your account by following the instructions in
this support guide
and/or contacting us at
privacy@squarespace.com
.
Please note that in the course of providing the Services, we may create, collect and/or maintain de-personalized information, which we may retain indefinitely.
Back to top
9. Data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to countries other than where you live, such as, for example, to our servers in the US. We also store your information locally on the devices you use to access the Services.
Your personal information may be transferred to countries that do not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. For example, data we store may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances.
We rely upon a number of means to transfer personal information which is subject to European Region data protection laws. These include:
Adequacy decision
. We may, in accordance with Article 45 of the GDPR, transfer personal information to recipients that are in a country that European Commission, UK or Swiss data protection supervisory authority(ies) have confirmed, by decision, offers an adequate level of data protection (“adequacy decision”). We rely on these adequacy decisions to transfer personal information to recipients located in countries such as the UK. The adequacy decisions are available at the following links:
European Commission adequacy decisions
;
UK adequacy decisions
; and
Swiss adequacy decisions
.
Data Privacy Frameworks
. We transfer personal data to Squarespace, Inc. in the US from, as applicable, the EEA, Switzerland and the UK pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. An adequacy decision was adopted for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (each individually and jointly, the “Data Privacy Frameworks).
Standard data protection clauses (“SCCs”) and other transfer methods
. For countries without an adequacy decision, we transfer, in accordance with Article 46 of the GDPR, personal information to recipients that have entered into the approved form of transfer contract (SCCs) for the transfer of personal data outside the European Region. We rely on SCCs to transfer personal information to recipients located in countries such as Australia. We may, where there is no adequacy decision, alternatively make a transfer based upon Article 46 of the GDPR using an approved certification mechanism or code of conduct or binding corporate rules.
You can find out more information about these transfer mechanisms
here
or you can request a copy from us.
Back to top
10. Data Privacy Frameworks
Squarespace, Inc. complies with the Data Privacy Frameworks to provide a legal basis for transfers of personal data to Squarespace, Inc. in the US from, as applicable, the EEA, Switzerland and the UK. Squarespace, Inc. has certified its compliance to the Data Privacy Frameworks.
Squarespace, Inc.’s certification extends to its processing of personal information (received from the European Region under the Data Privacy Frameworks) of the type and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also describes the types of third parties to which personal information is disclosed (and the purposes for such), individual’s right of access, the choice and means offered to limit the use and disclosure of personal information and that personal information is disclosed in response to legal requests by public authorities where necessary, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Squarespace, Inc. is committed to treating personal information received from the European Region pursuant to the applicable Data Privacy Framework in accordance with the principles thereof (the “DPF Principles”). You can find our certification
here
and you can learn more about the Data Privacy Frameworks (as determined based upon the country from which the personal information was received) and DPF Principles by visiting
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. For purposes of enforcing compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Squarespace, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission.
Our accountability for personal information we receive and subsequently transfer to a third party is described in the DPF Principles. In particular, we may use third parties to process data on our behalf as described in this Privacy Policy, and we remain liable if they do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you have a question or complaint you believe to be within the scope of our Data Privacy Frameworks certification, please contact us first at
privacy@squarespace.com
, or using the contact details in the “How to contact us” section below. Any complaint must include a description of your claim and proof of your relationship with Squarespace. We'll respond within 45 days.
Any complaint that we can’t resolve directly after 45 days may be resolved by JAMS, which is the independent organization responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Data Privacy Frameworks compliance. You can contact JAMS free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
. JAMS is an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the US.
If your concern still isn't addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under the DPF Principles through the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, which is the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”) and which is the administrator for the Data Privacy Frameworks binding arbitration program. The administration of all such arbitrations will be in accordance with ICDR-AAA’s applicable dispute resolution rules and procedures in effect at the time any demand for arbitration is filed (the “ICDR-AAA Rules”). If you are in the EEA or the UK, please see the applicable ICDR-AAA Rules
here
. If you are in Switzerland, please see the applicable ICDR-AAA Rules
here
. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, both you and Squarespace agree to the applicable ICDR-AAA Rules relating to mass arbitration filings, including without limitation the
ICDR-AAA Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules and Fee Schedules
, but excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class or representative actions.
Any dispute resolution demand or counterclaim, including arbitration demand or counterclaim, asserted by either party must contain sufficient information to provide fair notice to the other party of the asserting party’s identity, the claims being asserted and the factual allegations on which those claims are based, and must include proof that the claimant’s data is subject to this Privacy Policy. ICDR-AAA may require amendment of any demand or counterclaim that does not satisfy these requirements. ICDR-AAA has the right to impose sanctions for any claims it determines to be frivolous or improper (under the standard set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 and any similar standards in other jurisdictions), including for any claim filed on behalf of a claimant whose data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Nothing in the Data Privacy Frameworks affects your rights as a data subject to the extent we use any European Commission approved standard data protection clauses for transfers to the US. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and applicable DPF Principles, the applicable DPF Principles shall govern.
Back to top
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We’ll update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in technology, law, our business operations or any other reason we determine is necessary or appropriate. When we make changes, we’ll update the “Effective Date” at the top of the Privacy Policy and post it on our sites. If we make material changes to it or the ways we process your information, we’ll notify you (by, for example, prominently posting a notice of the changes on our sites before they take effect or directly sending you a notification).
We encourage you to check back periodically to review this Privacy Policy for any changes since your last visit. This will help ensure you better understand your relationship with us, including the ways we process your information.
Back to top
12. Who is Squarespace?
When we say “Squarespace” (or “we,” “us” or “our”), we mean: (a) Squarespace, Inc. if you are a resident of or have your principal place of business in the United States of America or any of its territories or possessions (the “US”); or (b) Squarespace Ireland Limited if you are a resident of or have your principal place of business outside the US.
If your place of residence or principal place of business changes, the Squarespace entity that controls your personal information will be determined by your new residence or principal place of business from the date it changes.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, subject to applicable law. If you are subject to EU data protection laws, we suggest you lodge any such complaints with our lead supervisory authority:
Irish Data Protection Commissioner
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28
Ireland
Phone 01 7650100 & 1800437 737
Email:
info@dataprotection.ie
If you are a resident of the UK or otherwise subject to UK data protection laws, you may lodge such complaints with the UK supervisory authority:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House, Water Lane
Wilmslow, Cheshire
SK9 5AF
United Kingdom
Phone 0303 123 1113
Live Chat
Back to top
13. How to contact us
If you have questions, comments or complaints about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices or if you would like to exercise your rights and choices, please email us at
privacy@squarespace.com
, or write to us at the addresses below.
If you are a resident of or have your principal place of business in the US:
Squarespace, Inc.
Attention: Legal - Privacy
225 Varick Street, 12th Floor
New York, NY 10014
United States
If you are a resident of or have your principal place of business anywhere other than the US:
Squarespace Ireland Limited
Attention: Legal - Privacy
Squarespace House
Ship Street Great
Dublin 8, D08N12C
Ireland
Back to top
Appendix I. Specific Information for California Residents
This Appendix I is only applicable to you if you are a resident of the state of California in the US (“California Residents”) and only applies to Squarespace Controlled Information for which Squarespace is a “Business” (as defined in the CCPA). “CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199), as may be modified from time to time, including by the California Privacy Rights Act. This Appendix I covers Squarespace Controlled Information we collect about California Residents on or through our Services and through other means (such as information collected offline or in person). It does not apply to personal information we collect from individuals in their capacity as job applicants, employees, or independent contractors of Squarespace. As used in this Appendix I, “personal information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA.
If you are a California Resident who is a User and uses the Services to store Customer Controlled Information for which you are a “Business” and Squarespace is a “Service Provider” (as defined in the CCPA), please see our
Data Processing Addendum
for information about how we process Customer Controlled Information.
a. Categories, business and commercial purposes, sources and third parties
California law requires us to disclose certain information regarding the personal information we collect. Below is a table showing: (i) all categories of personal information (as described in the CCPA) which Squarespace collects, or has collected, about California Residents, in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy; (ii) the purposes for which we use that information; and (iii) the categories of other parties to whom we disclose that information for a business purpose.
Category of personal information
Purposes of use
Categories of other parties to whom Squarespace has disclosed or may disclose this category
Personal identifiers, including Customer Account Details, Payments Services Account Information, Optional 2FA Account Information, Contact Information and Enterprise Sales Information
Provision of the Services to Customers
Communicating with you
Surveys and research and contests, sweepstakes or other promotions
Processing your payments
Promotion and sales
Advertising
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with Law
Vendors; Business partners; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Customer profile and financial information, including Payments Services Account Information
Provision of the Services to Customers
Communicating with you
Surveys and research and contests, sweepstakes or other promotions
Promotion and sales
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Business partners; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Commercial information, including Account History Information
Provision of the Services to Customers
Communicating with you
Surveys and research and contests, sweepstakes or other promotions
Promotion and sales
Advertising
Customizing the Services
Improving our Services
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Business partners; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Geolocation data
Provision of the Services to Customers
Customizing the Services
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Professional or job-related information, including as part of Enterprise Sales Information
Communicating with you
Promotion and sales
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Internet activity data of Customers, including Site Usage Information of Customers
Provision of the Services to Customers
Advertising
Customizing the Services
Improving our Services
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Business partners; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Internet activity data of End Users, including Site Usage Information of End Users
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Sensory data, including recorded discussions as part of Enterprise Sales Information
Communicating with you
Promotion and sales
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
Other information, e.g., any other information you provide to us in connection with the Services
Provision of the Services to Customers
Communicating with you
Customizing the Services
Improving our Services
Security
Enforcement
Protection
Complying with law
Vendors; Entities for legal purposes; Entities for transfers of business or assets
The only categories of personal information for which we “Share" or “Sell” personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising (as described in subsection c. below) are non-directly identifying identifiers (e.g., “hashed” email address), commercial transactions, and Internet activity data.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the parties to whom we disclose or share information, please see
Section 5 above
.
For information on how we retain your personal information, please see
Section 8 above
.
b. Your requests
Subject to certain exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides California Residents the right to submit requests to a business which has collected their personal information: (i) to provide them with access to the specific pieces and categories of personal information collected by the business about such California Resident, the categories of sources for such information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting such information, and the categories of unaffiliated parties to whom such information was disclosed; (ii) to request correction of their inaccurate personal information; and (iii) to delete their personal information (each, a “California Request”). We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete some or all of your information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
If you are a California Resident, please follow the instructions in the
“Your rights and choices” section above
to submit California Requests and please make sure you note that you are a California Resident when you do so. California Residents may designate an authorized agent to make California Requests on their behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a California Request on your behalf, you or your agent must provide proof that the agent has been authorized by you to act on your behalf, such as written authorization signed by you authorizing that agent to act on your behalf. We reserve the right to request additional information from you and/or individuals purporting to be authorized agents, such as when we suspect fraud.
c. Do not sell or share my personal information
California residents may opt out of the "Sale" or “Sharing” of their personal information. The CCPA’s definition of "Sale" includes “Sharing” for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising,” which is defined as targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites. We only mean this CCPA definition when “share” or “sharing” are capitalized in this Appendix I or otherwise in this Privacy Policy. We Share information to provide more relevant and tailored advertising to you regarding our Services. Depending on how you use the Services, we may Share device information and identifiers, such as IP address and unique advertising identifiers and cookies, for such purposes. We do not otherwise “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information, and have not engaged in such activity in the twelve (12) months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
If you would like to opt out of Squarespace's Sale or Sharing of your information with third parties for such purposes, you may do so by clicking on the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this page. Please note that the opt out will only apply to the browser and device you use to opt out.
The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. We collect the following categories of “sensitive personal information”: (i) account log-in and password or other credentials that allow access to your account; and (ii) geolocation information. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA.
We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. Please note that Do Not Track is a different privacy mechanism than the “Global Privacy Control,” which is a browser-based control that indicates whether you would like to opt out of processing of your personal information for online behavioral advertising purposes. We respond to the Global Privacy Control in California. To opt out of Sale or Sharing, turn on the Global Privacy Control signal in your browser. Please note that the opt out will only apply to the browser and device you use to send the Global Privacy Control signal.
We do not knowingly Sell or Share the personal information of children under 16.
d. We do not discriminate against you
You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Squarespace does not discriminate against California Residents for exercising their rights.
Back to top
Appendix II. Specific Information for Residents of Other US States With An Applicable Data Privacy Law
This Appendix II is only applicable to you if you are a resident of a state other than California with an applicable data privacy law such as Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, and Texas (“Applicable State Residents”) and only applies to Squarespace Controlled Information for which Squarespace is a “Controller” (as defined in an applicable state data privacy law). It does not apply to personal information we collect about you where you are acting as an employee, owner, director, officer or contractor of a company, partnership, sole proprietorship, non-profit or government agency. This Appendix II applies to personal information we collect about Applicable State Residents on or through our Services and through other means (such as information collected offline or in person).
In addition to your rights in
Section 6 above
, you can:
ask us to confirm we are processing your personal information; and
opt out of processing or sharing of your personal information for online targeted advertising purposes. If you would like to opt out of Squarespace's use of your information for such purposes, you may do so by clicking on the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this page.
Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable state data privacy law. Depending on where you live, if we deny your request to exercise your rights in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, you may contact us at
privacy@squarespace.com
with the subject “Data Privacy Request Appeal” to provide us with details about why you are appealing the decision.
Residents of the state of Colorado may review the table in
Appendix I(a) above
for additional details on how we process Squarespace Controlled Information about you.
If you are an Applicable State Resident who is a Customer and uses the Services to store Customer Controlled Information for which you are a “Controller” and Squarespace is your “Processor” (as defined under an applicable state data privacy law), please see our
Data Processing Addendum
for information about how we process Customer Controlled Information.
Back to top
Select "Accept" to agree to Squarespace's use of cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, security, analytics, customization and personalized advertising. Select "Manage Settings" to make more granular choices. You can read more in our
Cookie Policy
and
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
Reject All
Manage Settings
Select your currency
kr
DKK
€
EUR
£
GBP
$
USD
Select your language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
Português