PRIVACY POLICY:
What information do we collect?
We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out basic stuff like which features you like better, to more complex things like which ads you will find most useful.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This information includes:
Device information, we collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). We may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your account.
Log information. When you use our services, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs.
Location information. When you use our services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may access points and cell towers
Unique application numbers. Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
– To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
– To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
– To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
– To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
– To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
– To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information. Our third-party business partners may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to:
— Operate and improve their services;
— Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services or send you other notifications based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them; and
— Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
By using our site and mobile apps, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
info@ww-productions.net