Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Unity Analytics
Personal Data: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) with anonymized IP
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
CATFISH ANIMATION STUDIO S.r.l.
Sede Amministrativa
via Benigno Crespi 57
Milano, 20159
Italy
Owner contact email:
riccardo@catfishvfx.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
CATFISH ANIMATION STUDIO S.r.l.
Sede Amministrativa
via Benigno Crespi 57
Milano, 20159
Italy
Owner contact email:
riccardo@catfishvfx.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Anatomy 3D Atlas collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Usage Data; Cookies.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Anatomy 3D Atlas.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Anatomy 3D Atlas is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Anatomy 3D Atlas to provide its services. In cases where Anatomy 3D Atlas specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Anatomy 3D Atlas or by the owners of third-party services used by Anatomy 3D Atlas serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Anatomy 3D Atlas.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Anatomy 3D Atlas (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Analytics.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Unity Analytics (Unity Technologies ApS)
Unity Analytics is an analytics service provided by Unity Technologies ApS.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Denmark –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Anatomy 3D Atlas, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Further information for Users
  in Brazil
This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the entity running Anatomy 3D Atlas and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
This section applies to all Users in Brazil (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), according to the "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados" (the "LGPD"), and for such Users, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in the
LGPD
.
The grounds on which we process your personal information
We can process your personal information solely if we have a legal basis for such processing. Legal bases are as follows:
your consent to the relevant processing activities;
compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that lies with us;
the carrying out of public policies provided in laws or regulations or based on contracts, agreements and similar legal instruments;
studies conducted by research entities, preferably carried out on anonymized personal information;
the carrying out of a contract and its preliminary procedures, in cases where you are a party to said contract;
the exercising of our rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures;
protection or physical safety of yourself or a third party;
the protection of health – in procedures carried out by health entities or professionals;
our legitimate interests, provided that your fundamental rights and liberties do not prevail over such interests; and
credit protection.
To find out more about the legal bases, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.
Categories of personal information processed
To find out what categories of your personal information are processed, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Why we process your personal information
To find out why we process your personal information, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document.
Your Brazilian privacy rights, how to file a request and our response to your requests
Your Brazilian privacy rights
You have the right to:
obtain confirmation of the existence of processing activities on your personal information;
access to your personal information;
have incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal information rectified;
obtain the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of information that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
obtain information on the possibility to provide or deny your consent and the consequences thereof;
obtain information about the third parties with whom we share your personal information;
obtain, upon your express request, the portability of your personal information (except for anonymized information) to another service or product provider, provided that our commercial and industrial secrets are safeguarded;
obtain the deletion of your personal information being processed if the processing was based upon your consent, unless one or more exceptions provided for in art. 16 of the LGPD apply;
revoke your consent at any time;
lodge a complaint related to your personal information with the ANPD (the National Data Protection Authority) or with consumer protection bodies;
oppose a processing activity in cases where the processing is not carried out in compliance with the provisions of the law;
request clear and adequate information regarding the criteria and procedures used for an automated decision; and
request the review of decisions made solely on the basis of the automated processing of your personal information, which affect your interests. These include decisions to define your personal, professional, consumer and credit profile, or aspects of your personality.
You will never be discriminated against, or otherwise suffer any sort of detriment, if you exercise your rights.
How to file your request
You can file your express request to exercise your rights free from any charge, at any time, by using the contact details provided in this document, or via your legal representative.
How and when we will respond to your request
We will strive to promptly respond to your requests.
In any case, should it be impossible for us to do so, we’ll make sure to communicate to you the factual or legal reasons that prevent us from immediately, or otherwise ever, complying with your requests. In cases where we are not processing your personal information, we will indicate to you the physical or legal person to whom you should address your requests, if we are in the position to do so.
In the event that you file an
access
or personal information
processing confirmation
request, please make sure that you specify whether you’d like your personal information to be delivered in electronic or printed form.
You will also need to let us know whether you want us to answer your request immediately, in which case we will answer in a simplified fashion, or if you need a complete disclosure instead.
In the latter case, we’ll respond within 15 days from the time of your request, providing you with all the information on the origin of your personal information, confirmation on whether or not records exist, any criteria used for the processing and the purposes of the processing, while safeguarding our commercial and industrial secrets.
In the event that you file a
rectification, deletion, anonymization or personal information blocking
request, we will make sure to immediately communicate your request to other parties with whom we have shared your personal information in order to enable such third parties to also comply with your request — except in cases where such communication is proven impossible or involves disproportionate effort on our side.
Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil permitted by the law
We are allowed to transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory in the following cases:
when the transfer is necessary for international legal cooperation between public intelligence, investigation and prosecution bodies, according to the legal means provided by the international law;
when the transfer is necessary to protect your life or physical security or those of a third party;
when the transfer is authorized by the ANPD;
when the transfer results from a commitment undertaken in an international cooperation agreement;
when the transfer is necessary for the execution of a public policy or legal attribution of public service;
when the transfer is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation, the carrying out of a contract or preliminary procedures related to a contract, or the regular exercise of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration procedures.
Further information for Users
    in the United States
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running Anatomy 3D Atlas and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The information contained in this section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are residents in the following states:
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana.
For such Users, this information supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term Personal Information.
Notice at collection
The following Notice at collection provides you with timely notice about the
categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed in the past 12 months
so that you can exercise meaningful control over our use of that Information.
While such categorization of Personal Information is mainly based on California privacy laws, it can also be helpful for anyone who is not a California resident to get a general idea of what types of Personal Information are collected.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service, Usage Data, Cookies
Purposes:
Analytics
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Unity Technologies ApS, Google Inc.
ℹ️ You can read the definitions of these concepts inside the “
Definitions and legal references section
” of the privacy policy.
To know more about your rights in particular to opt out of certain processing activities   you can refer to the “
Your privacy rights under US state laws
” section of our privacy policy.
For more details on the collection of Personal Information, please read the section “
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
” of our privacy policy.
We won’t process your Information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes that are not reasonably necessary to and compatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
What are the sources of the Personal Information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of Personal Information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Anatomy 3D Atlas.
For example, you directly provide your Personal Information when you submit requests via any forms on Anatomy 3D Atlas. You also provide Personal Information indirectly when you navigate Anatomy 3D Atlas, as Personal Information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your Personal Information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of Anatomy 3D Atlas and features thereof.
Your privacy rights under US state laws
You may exercise certain rights regarding your Personal Information. In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you have:
the right to access Personal Information: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information. You also have the right to access such Personal Information;
the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you;
the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information;
the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information.
We will provide your Personal Information in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible;
the right to opt out from the Sale of your Personal Information;
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
the right to non-discrimination.
Additional rights for Users residing in California
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in California, you have
The right to opt out of the Sharing of your Personal Information
for cross-context behavioral advertising;
The right to request to limit our use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information
to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer. Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service.
Additional rights for Users residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your personal information for
Targeted Advertising or profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
The right to freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Additional rights for users residing in Utah and Iowa
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Utah and Iowa, you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your Personal Information for
Targeted Advertising
;
The right to opt out of the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
How to exercise your privacy rights under US state laws
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we must know who you are. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the Personal Information in our possession relates to you. You are not required to create an account with us to submit your request. We will use any Personal Information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for verification and shall not further disclose the Personal Information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How to exercise your rights to opt out
In addition to what is stated above, to exercise your right to opt-out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Anatomy 3D Atlas.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising activities via a user-enabled
global privacy control
, such as for example the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases within the timeframe required by applicable law. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial (where envisaged by applicable law you may then contact the relevant authority to submit a complaint).
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive and in all other cases where it is permitted by the applicable law. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Anatomy 3D Atlas or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Anatomy 3D Atlas may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Anatomy 3D Atlas and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Anatomy 3D Atlas (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Anatomy 3D Atlas and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
          / Personal Information (or Information)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Sensitive Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information means any Personal Information  that is not publicly available and reveals information considered sensitive according to the applicable privacy law.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Anatomy 3D Atlas (or third-party services employed in Anatomy 3D Atlas), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Anatomy 3D Atlas, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Anatomy 3D Atlas who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Anatomy 3D Atlas. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Anatomy 3D Atlas.
Anatomy 3D Atlas (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Anatomy 3D Atlas as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
Sale
Sale means any exchange of Personal Information by the Owner to
a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration
, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the applicable law, does not constitute a Sale of your Personal Information.
Sharing
Sharing means any sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's Personal Information by the business to a
third party for cross-context behavioral advertising
, whether for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged, as defined by the California privacy laws. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the California privacy laws, does not constitute sharing of your Personal Information.
Targeted advertising
Targeted advertising means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on Personal Information obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to Anatomy 3D Atlas, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3117107 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.