TP-Link Privacy Policy
Your browser does not support JavaScript. Please turn it on for the best experience.
Privacy & Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Social Media
GDPR Policy
Privacy Policy
TP-Link UK Limited (collectively, “TP-Link,” “we” “us,” or “our”) takes your privacy seriously and we ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on: the personal information we collect about you; what we do with your information, and who your information might be shared with.
TP-Link will be the data controller (i.e. we are responsible for, and control the processing of, your personal information) and can if you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact our Data Protection Manager
gdpr@tp-link.com
TP-Link provides:
(1) TP-Link hardware products (“Products”);
(2) Website(s) that may be accessed at
https://www.tp-link.com/uk/
(“Site”),
(3) Services, including technical support and services accessible through the Site(s) (“Web Apps”);
(4) Software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services (“Mobile Apps”);
(5) Subscription services, including services that can be accessed using the Web Apps and Mobile Apps (“Subscription Services”).
The term “Services” means the Sites, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be used in conjunction with Products and in other ways provided by TP-Link. Some Products and Services of TP-Link can be used together or in ways that integrate with products and services from third parties.
When process your data we are regulated under the General Data Protection Regulation which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom) and the Data Protection Act 2018 and we are responsible for that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
1. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy may change at any time as we improve and change our Products/Services. We may notify you by placing a prominent notice on this website. You should check this website frequently for updates. Prior versions of this Policy will be kept in an archive for your review and are accessible
here
. If you do not agree with the terms of the updated Policy, you must stop using the Products/Services.
2. SOURCES AND CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1 Information You Knowingly Provide to Us
The Company gathers certain information about you. Information about you is also used by our affiliated entities and group companies, TP-Link UK Limited. In this notice, references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ means TP-Link and our group companies.
We receive and store the information you knowingly provide to us. The provision of information by you is entirely voluntary. When you register or update your account, make a purchase online, or otherwise interact with the Products/Services (e.g., create your account ID in our websites, use the cloud platform, register for the partner program, apply for jobs, purchase a product and so on), you may provide us personal information such as your name, email address, street address, mobile, home, and work phone numbers, payment information, and account information, such as user ID, password, Product and Service preferences, job title, contact preferences, firmware version, IP address, and MAC address, etc (“Personal Information”). You may also provide other information that potentially could be used to identify you, such as the names and images that you associate with account users, your locations, devices, scenes, device configuration details, demographic information, third-party account credentials, schedules and audio/video recordings. Further, you may upload/share/post on our website or through our Products/Services. For example, you may post information in a public space on our website, such as message boards. As another example, you may choose to upload/share/post audio/video content recorded by your Kasa Cam and stored by Kasa Care.
2.2 Information We Receive from Third-Parties
We may receive data from other sources including but not limited to third-party services which you integrate with and/or voluntarily have provided with data and /or from affiliates, partners or others that we use to fulfil our obligations to you as a customer.
2.3 Information We Collect Automatically
Some information is automatically collected as you use the Products/Services. For example, when you connect hardware devices or third party services to your Account, those hardware devices may report usage information to the Services and the Services may read, process, and store this information for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Such information is usually associated with the usage of the particular hardware device or third party service, such as when a motion sensor senses motion. The Services will receive information about the device activation, as well as the information that you have chosen to associate with the device or service such as device name, group name, and location name. The type of the device or service from which information is received will change the types and quantities of information that is received.
Other information automatically collected may include your IP address, location, mobile device information, operating system, browser type, demographic information, application information, URL information such as click-through paths, identity of pages you interact with, time spent on those pages, and other information associated with how you interact with the pages and Services.
We may transfer "Cookies" to your device when you interact with the Services. These Cookies allow us to recognize your device and browser, and keep track of how you interact with the pages of the Services. Your device or browser may allow you to limit your acceptance of Cookies; however, this may prevent proper functionality of the Services and may prevent you from interacting with the Services in certain ways. Third party services may transfer Cookies to your device and/or use existing Cookies on your device. We do not and cannot control third party use of Cookies.
3. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Processing will often take place where it is necessary for the performance of the contract between us, such as when you buy something from us.
Processing will sometimes take place based on our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests may be that we are carrying on or may carry on business with your employer or prospective employer. There is a limited privacy impact on you, and we think that you will expect that we will process your data in this way.
Some processing will take place based on your consent. Where you have given consent to any data processing, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
4. HOW WE USE PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
During your use of the Products/Services, we may gather personal and non-personal information from our users and will use this information in connection with the Products/Services as follows.
We gather information directly from you and also via our websites and other technical systems. These may include, for example, our:
Information (such as your name, user name and email address, shipment address) that is provided when you register;
Information in connection with an account sign-in facility (e.g. log-in and password details);
Communications sent by you (e.g. via phone call, e-mail, instant messaging systems, social medias or website communication forms);
Device data (e.g. Device ID, MAC address);
The data will be used as follows:
to identify you at sign-in;
to provide you with the Services and information which you request;
to administer your TP-Link Account;
to communicate with you by email, phone or by post;
4.1 To Provide Our Products or Services and Contact You
We use personal and non-personal information to: deliver the basic functionality of the Products/Services; carry out the contract between us; provide functionality to certain features that you choose to use; provide live chat support, technical support and hotline services; allow you to create, modify, and view your account information; carry out credit reference checks, comply with legal, regulatory and corporate governance obligations and good practice; ensure business policies are adhered to; for operational reasons, such as recording transactions, training and quality control; ensure the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information; prevent unauthorised access and modifications to systems; analyse purchasing preferences and improve services; and allow you to customize, rate, and review the Products/Services. We may use any means that you have provided us to contact you, such as the email address you use to register for and log in to your account. We may contact you in order to respond to your requests and to provide you information about your account. We may also use personal information to process claims we receive in connection with the Products/Services.
4.2 To Market and Improve Our Products/Services and for Other Legitimate Business Interests
The profile you create on our website helps improve your interaction with our Products/Services. This information allows us to personalize the Products/Services; analyse how you use the Products/Services; and communicate promotional offers, special events, user surveys, and other marketing communications with your consent when this is required under applicable law. In certain cases as described below, we may also share some personal information with third parties for these purposes.
Information may be held at our offices and those of our group companies, service providers, credit reference check agencies, representatives and agents as described above. Information may be transferred internationally to China, the United States of America and other countries around the world, including those without data protection laws equivalent to those in the UK, for the reasons described above. We have security measures in place to seek to ensure that there is appropriate security for information we hold including those measures detailed in our information security and data protection policies, which are available on request. International data transfers outside the European Economic Area are protected by Standard Contractual Clauses. Where appropriate for transfers to the United States, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield will be used.
See the Your Choices section below for information about how you can opt-out of certain communications.
Your information may be stored in our cloud platform as required to use our Products/Services. We may track your IP address and MAC address to make our cloud platform work more efficiently and provide you with more customized Products/Services.
4.3 To Comply with Applicable Laws and Our Policies
We use personal information to comply with our legal obligations and our policies; establish, exercise or defend a legal claim; protect against, identify and prevent fraud, criminal liability and other liabilities; and monitor and report compliance issues.
5. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
5.1 Our Corporate Family
We may share the information we collect about you with our corporate family, including our affiliates and subsidiaries.
5.2 Other Entities with Your Consent
Some third-party services that you choose to integrate with the Services may receive personal information from your account. You authorize us to transmit your personal information to third parties when you choose to integrate their services with our Services. Information collected by such third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies.
5.3 Service Providers and Other Third-Parties
Your personal and non-personal information may be provided to our partners for use in their promotional and/or marketing practices. Your personal information will be anonymized so that you will not be personally identifiable by such information. We may also aggregate the anonymized information and provide it to our partners so they may use it to determine and understand how people interact with and use our Services. We will not disclose aggregated information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual, except as outlined below.
We may engage third-party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf (e.g., without limitation, software maintenance services, advertising serving technologies, e-mail service providers, delivery services, database management, web analytics and other services). These third parties may have access to your personal information. If they do, this access is provided so that they may perform these tasks on our behalf and they are not authorized by us to otherwise use or disclose your personal information, except to the extent required by law.
5.4 Change of Control
TP-Link may elect to buy or sell assets. When buying or selling assets, customer information may be one of the assets that is transferred. Personal and non-personal information may also be transferred or acquired by a third-party in the event that TP-Link is acquired, enters bankruptcy, or goes through some other change of control.
5.5 Legal and Law Enforcement
Please be advised that we may disclose information that you have provided us if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with the law or legal process served on us; or (b) protect and defend the rights and property of TP-Link or others. In any event, we will disclose information only in accordance with applicable regulations.
6. SECURITY
We have implemented measures, including encryption and SSL technology, designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
Your account’s privacy and security is protected by your password. In order to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information, you should select a strong password and protect it by limiting access to your computer, device, browser or application and by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. If you use a third-party service to sign into your account, you should protect that account accordingly as well.
While we strive to always protect the privacy of your account and personal information in our records, we cannot always guarantee it will be completely secure. The security of your personal information may be compromised by unauthorized entry, unauthorized use, hardware failure, software failure, and other factors at any time.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
You have a number of important rights, which can be exercised free of charge. You have the right to request:
access to your personal information and to certain other supplementary information that this Privacy Notice is already designed to address
require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold
require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations
receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations
object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing
object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you
object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information
otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
We will not do anything with your data not outlined in this notice.
If you are not satisfied with any complaint you have with us, you also have the right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioners Office, which is the supervising authority in the UK in relation to data processing. You can contact the Information Commissioner at
ico.org.uk/concerns/
or by telephone: 0303 123 1113 for further information about your rights and how to make a formal complaint.
TP-Link gives you choices in how you receive a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can also contact us to change your privacy preferences. For example, you can control how and when you want to receive notifications from us by following instructions within the notices (e.g., clicking on “unsubscribe” at the bottom of notification emails). You may not opt-out of administrative emails for your registered account (e.g. emails about your transactions, policy changes, forgot password and confirmation emails).
With simple controls in apps and Web management page's 'Privacy settings', you can turn on or off different types of information collection, such as TP-Link Cloud services and Tether usage stats in Tether app (for more information about Tether, please click
https://www.tp-link.com/uk/tether/
. Please note that some features may not function with certain privacy settings turned off, and some information (such as the association of your TP-Link Cloud account to your Tether) is stored by TP-Link even if all privacy controls are turned off.
We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e.g. cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). You are always free to decline tracking technologies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of the Products/Services. Refer to the help section of your browser, browser extensions, or installed applications for instructions on blocking, deleting, or disabling tracking technologies such as cookies.
You may encounter tracking technologies/cookies from our third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, Facebook Pixel that we have allowed to assist us with various aspects of our operations and Products/Services.
On certain pages of the website you also may encounter tracking technologies from third-parties that we do not control.
For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
and
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
.
8. ACCESSING, REVIEWING, AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Using the Products/Services, you can access and edit or remove the personal information you have provided to us. The information you can access through the Products/Services may change as the Products/Services themselves change. When you change information or delete your account we may maintain a copy of the original information in our records for no longer than necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Policy and as permitted under applicable law. Additionally, we may use any anonymized or aggregated data that is derived from your personal information after you update or delete it; however we will not do so in a way that identifies you personally.
9. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Products/Services are directed to a general audience and are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information via our website or online services from users in this age group. We do not guarantee that our websites are suitable for children. If you believe your child has provided personal information to us, please contact us via the email listed in Section 12 below.
10. RETENTION PERIODS
Your data will be subject to retention at different times due to the legal ground or grounds embracing them. You are at any time entitled to exercise your rights with section 7 and also obtain our retention policy in detail.
11. DIRECT MARKETING
Information relating to you will be used to notify you by post, email or other electronic means of our services and those of our group companies and third party business partners, in particular [identify/specify] in which we believe you may be interested. You can withdraw your consent to use of personal data for marketing at any time by contacting us at
gdpr@tp-link.com
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions that this policy could not answer, or if you require further information on a particular point, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time. You can reach our Data Protection Manager at
gdpr@tp-link.com
Effective Date: May 22, 2018.
Latest update: Dec 14, 2018.
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to TP-Link UK!
The Services defined here in are provided by TP-Link UK Limited, located at Unit 2-4 Riverview, 140-144 Cardiff Road, Reading, RG1 8EW, United Kingdom. This document may refer to the service provider as “TP-Link UK Limited”, "TP-Link”, "we”, "us", or "our”. These are the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services, mobile applications, and other software (collectively, the "Services").
The term “Services” means the Sites, Web Apps, Mobile Apps, and Subscription Services, which may be used in conjunction with Products and in other ways provided by TP-Link, as defined at points 1-5, below.. Some Products and Services of TP-Link can be used together or in ways that integrate with products and services from third parties.
(1) TP-Link hardware products (“Products”);
(2) Websites that may be accessed at
https://www.tp-link.com/uk/
and
https://partner.tp-link.com/uk/
(individually a “Site” or collectively “Sites”);
(3) Services, including technical support and services accessible through the Sites (“Web Apps”);
(4) Software that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services (“Mobile Apps”);
(5) Subscription services, including services that can be accessed using the Web Apps and Mobile Apps (“Subscription Services”);
These are the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our Products and Services. Please read these Terms of Use (the “Terms”) carefully before using the Services, because they affect your legal rights and obligations (e.g., requiring arbitration and no class action relief and limiting our liability). You acknowledge and agree that, except for physical TP-Link Products that you may have purchased such as routers or switches, the Services and the software embedded in the Product (and any updates thereto) (“Product Software”) are licensed, not sold, to you. You do not acquire any ownership interest in any Service or Product Software under these Terms, or any other rights thereto other than to use such Service and Product Software in accordance with the license granted, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions under these Terms. Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be presented through the Services in connection with such features (for example, additional terms of service for Kasa Care). You must review and agree to the additional guidelines, terms, or rules before using such Services.
The Services are intended for use only by those who can access them from within the UK. If you choose to use the Services from locations outside the UK, you are responsible for compliance with local laws where they are applicable.
Your Acceptance
These Terms of Use (the "Terms") are a binding contract between you and TP-Link (the “Agreement”). If you do not agree to and accept all of the Terms, you do not have the right to use the Services and should cease using them immediately. By using the Services in any way, you agree to the Terms. The terms shall remain in effect as long as you use the Services. The Terms also include TP-Link’s Privacy Policy.
Modifications to Terms
Please note that these Terms may be revised and reissued, prospectively, by posting updated terms on this website (
https://www.tp-link.com/uk/
). You consent and agree to receive notices of updates of these Terms through our posting of updated Terms on this website. You should visit this page regularly to review the current terms. TP-Link may provide notifications to you as required by law or for marketing or other purposes via email (to the email address you provide our Services), or by posting of such notice on the Site(s). TP-Link is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email notifications. TP-Link recommends that you add @tp-link.com URLs to your email address book to help ensure you receive email notifications from TP-Link. Your continued use of the Services will be deemed as irrevocable acceptance of any updates to these Terms.
Legal Capacity
The Services are directed to a general audience for adults. We will assume (and by using the Services you warrant that) you have legal capacity to enter into these Terms (i.e., that you are of sufficient age and mental capacity and are otherwise entitled to be legally bound in contract). If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on their behalf and bind them to these Terms. You may only use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. Your use must comply with all laws that apply to you. You may not use these Services if applicable laws prohibit such use.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information relating to children under 13 years old. If you are a child under 13, you may not register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. In the event that we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will destroy that information as quickly as possible.
Account Registration
In order to use the Services, you may be required to sign up for an account. To sign up for an account, you represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; and (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You agree that you are solely responsible for all costs and expenses you may incur in relation to your use of the Services; and keeping your password and other account details confidential.
Representations and Warranties
You represent and warrant that you are of legal age to enter into a binding contract. If not, you represent and warrant that you have acquired parental consent and that they have read and agreed to these Terms on your behalf. If you're using the Services on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on their behalf and bind them to these Terms. You may only use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. Your use must comply with all laws that apply to you. You may not use these Services if applicable laws prohibit such use. We may prevent or suspend your access to the Services if you do not comply with any part of these Terms, any terms or policies to which they refer or any applicable law.
Changes to the Services
The Services may change over time, as we improve them. At any time, we may temporarily or permanently modify, suspend, discontinue, or restrict access to all or part of the Services and/or any related software, facilities, and services, with or without notice and/or to establish general guidelines and limitations on their use. Some such changes to the Services may render certain hardware devices, third-party services, configurations, or software setups inoperable. We may make such changes at our sole discretion and with or without notice.
Intellectual Property
(a) You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights, including without limitation patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and all other proprietary rights, in the Products, Product Software, and Services (i.e., the Sites, Web Apps, and Mobile Apps) are owned by TP-Link or its affiliates, licensors, or suppliers (collectively, the “IP Rights”). Your possession, access, and use of the Products, Product Software, and Services do not transfer to you or any third party any rights, title, or interest in or to such IP Rights. TP-Link and its affiliates and licensors and suppliers reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. Moreover, other than with respect to User Contents (defined below), TP-Link retains full and complete title to all content on the Services, including any downloadable software and all data that accompanies it.
(b) Use of the Services. Your right to make use of the Services and any content appearing on it is subject to your compliance with these Terms. Modification or use of the content on the Services for any purpose not permitted by these Terms may be a violation of the IP Rights protected by law and these Terms and is prohibited.
You are prohibited from using the IP Rights except as specifically permitted in these Terms. Subject to these Terms, TP-Link grants you a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to download, copy, install, and use the authorized parts of the Services (including this Site) on to your own device (e.g., your computer, smart device, etc.) for your own personal use. You may not use the content of the Services in any other public or commercial way nor may you copy or incorporate any of the content of the Services into any other work, including your own website without the prior written consent of TP-Link. You must have a reseller or distribution license from us before you can copy or redistribute any portion of the Services. Any authorization to copy content granted by us in any part of the Services for any reason is subject to your keeping intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You must not copy, modify or in any way reproduce or damage the structure or presentation of the Services or any content therein.
Also, modifying, translating, adapting, or otherwise creating derivative works and improvements, decompiling, decoding, reverse engineering, disassembling, or otherwise reducing the code used in any software in connection with the Services into a readable form in order to examine the source code or construction of such software and/or to copy or create other products based (in whole or in part) on such software, is prohibited.
(c) Open Source. Certain items of independent, third party code may be included in the Web Apps and/or Mobile Apps that are subject to the GNU General Public License (“GPL”) or other open source licenses (“Open Source Software”). The Open Source Software is licensed under the terms of the license that accompanies such Open Source Software. Nothing in these Terms limits your rights under, or grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user license for such Open Source Software. In particular, nothing in these Terms restricts your right to copy, modify, and distribute such Open Source Software that is subject to the terms of the GPL.
Forum
THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND OPINIONS INCLUDED AND/OR EXPRESSED IN OR ON USER FORUMS, BULLETIN BOARDS, COMMENT SECTIONS, COMMUNITY PAGES, OR OTHER FORUMS ON THE SERVICES (“FORUMS”) ARE NOT NECESSARILY THOSE OF TP-LINK, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATED COMPANIES, PARENTS, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, REPRESENTATIVES, AND PARTNERS (COLLECTIVELY, “THE TP-LINK GROUP”). THE TP-LINK GROUP DOES NOT UNDERTAKE TO MONITOR OR REVIEW FORUMS, AND THE CONTENT OF FORUMS IS NOT THE RESPONSIBILITY OF TP-LINK GROUP. THE TP-LINK GROUP MAY REMOVE OR MODIFY ANY CONTENT WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY AT ANY TIME IN THE TP-LINK GROUP’S SOLE DISCRETION. ANY USE OF THE FORUMS WILL BE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY SET OUT BELOW.
Submissions, Postings and Emails
TP-Link is interested in hearing from you regarding your questions or comments about our Services. However, the TP-Link Group does not accept or consider unsolicited submissions of any kind (e.g., ideas, treatments, concepts, or any other materials) in any format, by any means of transmission (including email). Any such submissions are either returned to the sender without being reviewed or deleted or discarded without being reviewed. Therefore, please do not send any unsolicited submissions to any member of the TP-Link Group.
Invited Submissions
From time to time, areas on the Services may expressly request submissions of concepts, stories, or other potential content from you (“Invited Submissions”). Where this is the case, please carefully read any specific rules or other terms and conditions which appear elsewhere on the Services to govern those submissions (“Additional Terms”), as they will affect your legal rights. If no Additional Terms govern those submissions, then these Terms will apply in full to any Invited Submissions you make. IN ANY EVENT, ANY MATERIAL YOU SEND TO US WILL NOT BE TREATED AS CONFIDENTIAL.
Our Use of Content
TP-Link will consider anything you provide to us and/or contribute to the Services as available for our use free of any obligations to you (including any payment), except where Invited Submissions are expressly governed by Additional Terms appearing elsewhere on the Services, in which event those Additional Terms will determine how we will treat your Invited Submissions. Regardless of any industry custom or practice, we will not pay you for the use of any content that you submit to the Services.
User Content
You are solely responsible for all content, including, without limitation, reviews, responses, profile entries, posts, questions, videos, images, and audios that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, our Services. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to do so. For some of our Services’ features, other users may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your comments. We may use this public content to develop aggregate ratings, personalize site views, market products, identify or feature popular users, protect you, improve our Products and Services, and/or develop new Products and Services. By posting or uploading any content to the Services (including, without limitation, posts, responses, videos, images, and audios) and/or providing any communication or material to TP-Link (collectively, “User Content”), you automatically and irrevocably:
1. Grant and assign to TP-Link a royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide license to any and all rights in the User Content including without limitation copyright, together with all consents (if any) necessary to enable its reproduction, distribution, modification, publishing, and/or other exploitation by TP-Link and/or by any person authorized by TP-Link, by any means and in all media now known or hereafter devised, without payment or other reference to you or any other person, and to advertise and promote such exploitation, for the full period of all such rights (together with any extensions and renewals) and insofar as possible in perpetuity;
2. Waive all moral rights in the User Content which may be available to you in any part of the world and confirm that no such rights have been asserted;
3. Appoint TP-Link as your agent with full power to enter into any document and/or do any act TP-Link may consider appropriate to confirm the grant and assignment, consent and waiver set out above;
4. Warrant that you have the rights to and are the owner of the User Content and entitled to enter into these Terms;
5. Confirm that no such User Content will be subject to any obligation, of confidence or otherwise, to you or any other person, and that TP-Link shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of such User Content;
6. Acknowledge and agree that TP-Link may access, use, preserve and/or disclose the User Content to law enforcement authorities, government officials, and/or third parties, if legally required to do so or if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or request; (b) enforce these Terms, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of TP-Link, its users, a third party, or the public as required or permitted by law. TP-Link also reserves the right, but shall not be obligated, to remove any User Content from our servers at any time in its sole and absolute discretion.
Restrictions on Use
During your use of the Services, you may create connections between our hardware devices, third-party hardware devices, our Services, and/or third-party services. You agree that you will not connect to the Services any hardware devices or third-party services in a manner that could be dangerous to any person(s), or which could cause damage to or loss of any property.
Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions. You may not use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that:
1. Infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else;
2. Violates any law or regulation;
3. Is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;
4. Jeopardizes the security of your account or anyone else's;
5. Attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;
6. Violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes or otherwise incorporates any disabling code designed to permit improper use, access, deletion or modification of software or hardware programs or systems or improperly to disable, deactivate, damage or shut down such programs or systems;
7. Sends, creates, or replies to so called “mailbombs” (i.e., emailing copies of a single message to many users, or sending large or multiple files or messages to a single user with malicious intent) or engages in “spamming” (i.e., unsolicited emailing for business or other purposes);
8. “Crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page or portion of the Services (through use of manual or automated means);
9. Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;
10. Copies or stores any significant portion of the content;
11. Decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code of the Services; or
12. Undertake any other activity which may adversely affect the operation or enjoyment of the Services by any other person, including placing malware on the Services.
Content on the Services
“Content” is all of the information collected during your use of the Services. It includes information provided by you, by other users, by hardware devices connected to the Services, and by third-party devices and services connected to the Services. It also includes any information we provide into the Services, as well as information derived from or aggregated from any and all information provided to the Services.
Third-Party Services
You accept that TP-Link is not responsible for the risks you take associated with links or connections to third-party applications or services. You understand that such third-party services may or may not carry their own terms, conditions, privacy policies or other policies that may or may not be related to the Services. We encourage you to be aware of such agreements when you connect third-party services to the Services. We cannot and do not have control over, nor do we assume any responsibility or risk for content, accuracy, practices, opinions, or policies of any third-party applications or services that you may be exposed to when you interact with the Services. Your interactions with third-party organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You agree that we shall not be responsible for any liability for any loss or damage associated with any such interactions.
Third-Party Sites
The Services may link you to other sites on the Internet. These sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. These other sites are not under the control of TP-Link, and you acknowledge that (whether or not such sites are affiliated in any way with TP-Link) the TP-Link Group is not responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, decency, or any other aspect of the content of such sites. The inclusion of such a link does not imply endorsement of any site by TP-Link Group or any association with its operators.
TP-Link cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from any third-party site that links to or from TP-Link since the third-party sites are owned and operated by independent retailers. TP-Link does not endorse any of the merchandise purchased from any third-party site, nor has TP-Link taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained on such third-party sites. TP-Link does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third-parties.
Associates Disclaimer
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn small advertising fees by linking to Amazon.co.uk affiliated sites. Each of your purchased via our Amazon affiliation links supports our cause at no additional cost to you.
Termination
You are free to stop using the Services at any time. You understand and agree that we may or may not delete your User Content in the event that you stop using the Services. At any time, TP-Link may (a) suspend or terminate your rights to access or use the Services if TP-Link in good faith believes that you have used the Services in violation of these Terms, including any incorporated guidelines, terms, or rules. If you transfer a Product to a new owner, your right to use the Services with respect to that Product automatically terminates. The new owner will have no right to use the Product or Services under your account and will need to register for a separate account with TP-Link unless the new owner already has an account with TP-Link that can be connected to that Product or Service.
In the event that we elect to terminate your account, we will try to provide advance notice to you prior to termination so that you are able to retrieve any important User Content stored in your account. You understand and agree that we may provide no advanced notice for any reason, but usually because it would be impractical, illegal, not in the interest of someone's safety or security, or otherwise harmful to the rights or property of TP-Link.
Product Specifications, Pricing, Typographical Errors
We do our best to describe every product or service offered on the Services as accurately as possible. However, we are human, and therefore we do not warrant that product specifications, pricing, or other content on the Services is complete, accurate, reliable, current, or error-free. In the event of any errors relating to the pricing or specifications, TP-Link shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders in its sole discretion. If we charged your credit card or other account prior to cancellation, we will issue a credit to your account in the amount of the charge. Additional Terms may apply.
Security
Any usernames and passwords used for the Services are for individual use only. You shall be responsible for the security of your username and password (if any). TP-Link shall be entitled to monitor your username and password and, at its discretion, require you to change it. If you use a username and password that TP-Link considers insecure, TP-Link will be entitled to require your username or password to be changed and/or terminate your account. However, TP-Link cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk. You agree to immediately notify TP-Link of any unauthorized use, or suspected unauthorized use, of your account or any other breach of security of which you become aware. TP-Link is not liable to you for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above requirements.
Violation of Security Systems
You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with the Services to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools, malware, disabling code, virus, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, TP-Link reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites, law enforcement and/or governmental authorities in order to assist them in resolving security incidents.
Investigations
TP-Link reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms, including without limitation, any violation arising from any submission, posting or emails you make or send to any Forum. TP-Link may seek to gather information from the user who is suspected of violating these Terms and from any other user. TP-Link may suspend any users whose conduct or postings are under investigation and may remove such material from its servers as it deems appropriate and without notice. If TP-Link believes, in its sole discretion, that a violation of these Terms has occurred, it may edit or modify any submission, posting or emails, remove the material permanently, cancel postings, warn users, suspend users and passwords, terminate accounts, or take other corrective action it deems appropriate. TP-Link will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing TP-Link to disclose the identity of anyone posting any emails, or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS ALL MEMBERS OF THE TP-LINK GROUP FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY MEMBER OF THE TP-LINK GROUP DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER A MEMBER OF THE TP-LINK GROUP OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
Warranty Disclaimer
Except as expressly set forth below, TP-Link does not make any representations or warranties concerning any products, software, services, information, or content contained in or accessing through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. We make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services. Products and services purchased or offered through the Services are provided "AS IS" and without any warranty of any kind from TP-Link or others, unless a separate written warranty is provided expressly and unambiguously for a specific product or service (and if such a warranty is provided, it will apply only to such specific product or service, and not to the Services generally).
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BY THE WARRANTIES THAT MAY ACCOMPANY CERTAIN TP-LINK PRODUCTS, THE SERVICES AND ALL THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, WEBSITES, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES AND OTHER CONTENT RELATED TO THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE TP-LINK GROUP DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE TP-LINK GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SERVICES AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE TP-LINK GROUP DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICES OR ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO THE SERVICES IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, ABILITY TO MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR OTHERWISE. THE TP-LINK GROUP MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICES OR ANY WEBSITE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND THE TP-LINK GROUP ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SERVICES OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL TP-LINK BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OF ANY DEVICE CONNECTED TO THE SERVICES, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO TP-Link IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET OUT ABOVE DOES NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY RESULTING FROM OUR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT.
We shall have no liability to you for any breach of these Terms caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes; breakdown of systems or network access; or flood, fire, explosion or accident.
Risk of Loss; Insurance
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, USING THE SERVICES TO SECURE OR OTHERWISE CONTROL ACCESS TO ANY REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY) IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND THAT YOU ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND EXPENSES ARISING OUT OF SUCH USE. TP-LINK IS NOT AN INSURER. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING INSURANCE COVERING ALL LOSS, DAMAGE, OR EXPENSE, WHETHER FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY (INCLUDING DEATH), ECONOMIC LOSSES, OR ANY OTHER FORM OF LOSS, DAMAGE, OR EXPENSE ARISING OUT OF OR FROM (I) THESE TERMS, OR (II) THE SERVICES.
TP-Link is or may be the seller of various goods and services available on the Services. All items purchased from the Services are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon TP-Link’s delivery to the carrier.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold TP-Link, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless for and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses, and expenses (including legal fees) arising from or in any way related to any third-party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third-party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action ("Claim"), we will provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder).
Updates
TP-Link may from time to time in its sole discretion develop and provide updates to its Services and/or Product Software, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, security fixes and/or new features (collectively, including related documentation, if any, “Updates”). Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features and functionality. You agree that we have no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality. Based on your device settings, when your device is connected to the internet either: a) the Services will automatically download and install all available Updates; or b) you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates. You shall promptly download and install all Updates and acknowledge and agree that the Services or portions thereof may not properly operate should you fail to do so. You further agree that all Updates will be deemed part of the Services and be subject to all terms and conditions of these Terms.
Updates to the Product Software may be automatically installed without providing any additional notices or receiving any additional consent. You consent to such automatic updates. If you do not want such automatic Updates, your remedy is to terminate your account and to stop using the Product Software and applicable Products. If you do not terminate a previously created account, you will receive Updates automatically.
Limitations of Services and Product Software
You acknowledge and agree that Services and Product Software are not intended to be 100% reliable or available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The Services/Product Software may be suspended temporarily without notice for security reasons, system failure, maintenance and repair, updates, or other circumstances. You agree that you will not be entitled to any refund or rebate for such suspensions. TP-Link does not offer any specific uptime guarantee for the Services/Product’ Software.
Assignment
You may not assign, delegate, or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without TP-Link’s prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent. No one other than a party to these Terms has any right to enforce any of these Terms.
Additional Terms and Conditions
The following additional terms apply to our applications available via the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store (the “Apple Application”):
1. The Apple Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sub-licensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the Terms as they are applicable to the Services;
2.Both you and TP-Link acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and TP-Link only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Apple Application or the content;
3. You will only use the Apple Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
4. You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Apple Application;
5. In the event of any failure of the Apple Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Apple Application; and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Apple Application;
6. You acknowledge and agree that TP-Link, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third-party may have in relation to the Apple Application;
7. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Apple Application or your possession and use of the Apple Application infringes that third-party’s intellectual property rights, TP-Link, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such infringement claim;
8. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties;
9. Both you and TP-Link acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Apple Application, you will comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
10. Both you and TP-Link acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof.
The following additional terms apply to our applications available via the Google Inc. (“Google”) Google Play store (the “Android Application”):
1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, if you use the Android Application you hereby acknowledge and agree that (i) the Android Application relies in part on functionality provided by Google (the “Google Functionality”), (ii) any information provided by you via the Android Application may be shared with Google in connection with your use of the Google Functionality, and (iii) all such information shall be handled by Google in accordance with the then-current Google Privacy Policy (currently available at
http://www.google.com/privacy.html
), as may be amended by Google from time to time;
2. You acknowledge and agree that Google has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Android Application;
3. In the event of any failure of the Android Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you acknowledge that Google has no warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Android Application;
4. You acknowledge and agree that TP-Link, and not Google, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third-party may have in relation to the Android Application and that Google will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure of the Android Application.
Miscellaneous
You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. You and TP-Link agree that this agreement is the entire agreement between both parties and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications, and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms; it being understood that the terms of express warranties accompanying the purchase of TP-Link products are in addition to such Terms.
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of these Terms and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind TP-Link in any respect whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in the sections above regarding the Apple Application and Android Application, you and TP-Link agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these Terms. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
Disputes
We will try to resolve any disputes with you quickly and efficiently. If you are unhappy with us please contact us as soon as possible. If you and we cannot resolve a dispute using our complaint handling procedure, we will: let you know that we cannot settle the dispute with you; and give you certain information about our alternative dispute resolution provider. If you want to take court proceedings, the relevant courts of the United Kingdom will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to these Terms. Relevant United Kingdom law will apply to these Terms.
How to Contact Us
Please forward any comments, complaints about the Services or questions you may have to
support@tp-link.com
Effective Date: May 23, 2018.
GDPR Policy
This notice explains what personal data (information) we hold about you, how we collect it, and how we use and may share information about you during your case’s processing and after it ends. We are required to notify you of this information under data protection legislation. Please ensure that you read this notice (sometimes referred to as a ‘privacy notice’) and any other similar notice we may provide to you from time to time when we collect or process personal information about you.
Who collects the information
TP-Link UK Ltd. (‘Company’) is a ‘data controller’ and gathers and uses certain information about you. This information is also used by our Head quart, namely TP-Link UK Limited, in this notice, references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ mean the Company and our Head Quart.
Data protection principles
We will comply with the data protection principles when gathering and using personal information, as set out in our Data Protection Privacy Policy.
About the information we collect and hold
What information
We may collect the following information during your RMA process
Your name, contact details (ie address, home and mobile phone numbers, email address);
Information collected during the your case’s procedure that we retain during the processing;
Details of your share incentive arrangements, and all information included in these and necessary to implement and administer them;
Information about your purchasing of our products (Invoice, receipt, Bank statement) e.g. the types of products, the purchasing date, the purchasing price, the purchasing place and so on.
Information about your home network provider, or communication and other systems, and other monitoring information;
Details of your use of business-related social media, such as Facebook; Instagram;
Details in references about you that we give to others.
How we collect the information
We may collect this information from you, consultants and other professionals we may engage, automated monitoring of our websites and other technical systems, such as our computer networks and connections, CCTV and access control systems, communications systems, remote access systems, email and instant messaging systems, intranet and Internet facilities, telephones, voicemail, mobile phone records ,such as data loss prevention tools, next-generation firewalls, unified threat management systems, transport layer security, eDiscovery technology, mobile device management systems, relevant websites and applications
Why we collect the information and how we use it
We will typically collect and use this information for the following purposes (other purposes that may also apply are explained in our Data Protection Policy:
for providing better service to you, solving your issue quickly and accurately;
for compliance with a legal obligation (eg our obligations to you as your rights under consumer protection law);
for the purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party (such as TP-Link HQ), but only if these are not overridden by your interests, rights or freedoms.
We seek to ensure that our information collection and processing is always proportionate. We will notify you of any material changes to information we collect or to the purposes for which we collect and process it.
How we may share the information
We may also need to share some of the above categories of personal information with other parties, such as external contractors and our professional advisers and with potential purchasers of some or all of our business or on a re-structuring. Usually, information will be anonymised but this may not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations. We may also be required to share some personal information with our regulators as required to comply with the law.
How long we keep your information
We keep the personal information that we obtain about you during the issue process for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. How long we keep your information will depend on whether your issue is successful solved or your issue is closed, the nature of the information concerned and the purposes for which it is processed.
We will keep related information for no longer than is reasonable, taking into account the limitation periods for potential claims such as personal mobile phone number and bank account, after which they will be destroyed. If there is a clear business reason for keeping the records for longer than the processing period, we may do so but will first consider whether the records can be pseudonymised, and the longer period for which they will be kept.
If your issue has been solved successfully, we will keep only the product information that is necessary in relation to your purchasing.
Further details on our approach to information retention and destruction are available in our Data protection policy and retention schedule.
Your rights to correct and access your information and to ask for it to be erased
Please contact RMA team who can be contacted rma.uk@tp-link.com if (in accordance with applicable law) you would like to correct or request access to information that we hold relating to you or if you have any questions about this notice. You also have the right to ask our Data Protection Officer via
gdpr@tp-link.com
for some but not all of the information we hold and process to be erased (the ‘right to be forgotten’) in certain circumstances. Our Data Protection Officer will provide you with further information about the right to be forgotten, if you ask for it.
Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
How to complain
We hope that
RMA team
can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information. If not, contact the Information Commissioner at
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
or telephone: 0303 123 1113 for further information about your rights and how to make a formal complaint.
This website uses cookies to improve website navigation, analyze online activities and have the best possible user experience on our website. You can object to the use of cookies at any time. You can find more information in our
privacy policy
.
Cookie Settings
Accept All Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve website navigation, analyze online activities and have the best possible user experience on our website. You can object to the use of cookies at any time. You can find more information in our
privacy policy
.
Basic Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be deactivated in your systems.
TP-Link
accepted_local_switcher, tp_privacy_base, tp_privacy_marketing, tp_smb-select-product_scence, tp_smb-select-product_scenceSimple, tp_smb-select-product_userChoice, tp_smb-select-product_userChoiceSimple, tp_smb-select-product_userInfo, tp_smb-select-product_userInfoSimple, tp_top-banner, tp_popup-bottom, tp_popup-center, tp_popup-right-middle, tp_popup-right-bottom, tp_productCategoryType
Livechat
__livechat, __lc2_cid, __lc2_cst, __lc_cid, __lc_cst, CASID
Youtube
id, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, LOGIN_INFO, SIDCC, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, SID, YSC, __Secure-1PSID, __Secure-1PAPISID, __Secure-1PSIDCC, __Secure-3PSID, __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-3PSIDCC, 1P_JAR, AEC, NID, OTZ
Analysis and Marketing Cookies
Analysis cookies enable us to analyze your activities on our website in order to improve and adapt the functionality of our website.
The marketing cookies can be set through our website by our advertising partners in order to create a profile of your interests and to show you relevant advertisements on other websites.
Google Analytics & Google Tag Manager
_gid, _ga_<container-id>, _ga, _gat_gtag_<container-id>
Google Ads & DoubleClick
test_cookie, _gcl_au
Meta Pixel
_fbp
Crazy Egg
cebsp_, _ce.s, _ce.clock_data, _ce.clock_event, cebs
Linkedin
lidc, AnalyticsSyncHistory, UserMatchHistory, bcookie, li_sugr, ln_or
Accept All Cookies
Save Settings
This website uses cookies to improve website navigation, analyze online activities and have the best possible user experience on our website. You can object to the use of cookies at any time. You can find more information in our
privacy policy
.
Basic Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be deactivated in your systems.
TP-Link
accepted_local_switcher, tp_privacy_base, tp_privacy_marketing, tp_smb-select-product_scence, tp_smb-select-product_scenceSimple, tp_smb-select-product_userChoice, tp_smb-select-product_userChoiceSimple, tp_smb-select-product_userInfo, tp_smb-select-product_userInfoSimple, tp_top-banner, tp_popup-bottom, tp_popup-center, tp_popup-right-middle, tp_popup-right-bottom, tp_productCategoryType
Livechat
__livechat, __lc2_cid, __lc2_cst, __lc_cid, __lc_cst, CASID
Youtube
id, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, LOGIN_INFO, SIDCC, SAPISID, APISID, SSID, SID, YSC, __Secure-1PSID, __Secure-1PAPISID, __Secure-1PSIDCC, __Secure-3PSID, __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-3PSIDCC, 1P_JAR, AEC, NID, OTZ
Analysis and Marketing Cookies
Analysis cookies enable us to analyze your activities on our website in order to improve and adapt the functionality of our website.
The marketing cookies can be set through our website by our advertising partners in order to create a profile of your interests and to show you relevant advertisements on other websites.
Google Analytics & Google Tag Manager
_gid, _ga_<container-id>, _ga, _gat_gtag_<container-id>
Google Ads & DoubleClick
test_cookie, _gcl_au
Meta Pixel
_fbp
Crazy Egg
cebsp_, _ce.s, _ce.clock_data, _ce.clock_event, cebs
Linkedin
lidc, AnalyticsSyncHistory, UserMatchHistory, bcookie, li_sugr, ln_or
Accept All Cookies
Save Settings
Close
Buying Guide
FREE Site Survey
-
What are you looking for?
Whole Home Mesh WiFi System
WiFi Router
WiFi Router / DSL Modem
Business Network Deployment
PoE Switches