Cosmic Forces, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective as of December 5, 2019
This “Privacy Policy” describes the privacy practices of Cosmic Forces, Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Cosmic Forces”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) in connection with the
www.cosmicforces.com
and
www.goosebumpsgame.com
websites, the Goosebumps Night of Scares mobile application, and any other website or mobile application that we own or control and which posts or links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”), and the rights and choices available to individuals with respect to their information.
We provide important information for individuals located in the European Union, European Economic Area, and United Kingdom (collectively, “Europe” or “European”)
here
and information for California residents
here
.
Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us.
Personal information you provide to us through the Service or otherwise includes:
Contact information
, such as your name and email addresses. However, we do not require you to provide this information to use the Service.
Feedback or correspondence
, such as information you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise correspond with us online.
Precise geolocation information
, such as when you authorize our mobile application to access your location.
Transaction information
, such as information about payments to and from you and other details of products or services you have purchased from us.
Usage information
, such as information about how you use the Service and interact with us, including information you may provide when using any interactive features of the Service.
Other information
that you may provide which is not specifically listed here, but which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information we obtain from social media platforms.
We may maintain pages for our Cosmic Forces or our mobile applications on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, Google, YouTube, Instagram, and other third party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, the platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and their collection, use and processing of your personal information. You or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information we obtain from other third parties.
We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. For example, a business partner may share your contact information with us if you have expressed interest in learning specifically about our products or services, or the types of products or services we offer. We may obtain your personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources and data providers.
Cookies and Other Information Collected by Automated Means
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and activity occurring on or through the Service. The information that may be collected automatically includes your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier (such as the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), information about your device’s central processing unit (CPU) and graphics processing unit (GPU) (such as the model, number of processors, and supported features), graphics APIs in use, amount of device memory present, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our website, general location information such as city, state or geographic area; and information about your use of and actions on the Service, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access.We also collect information about your use of our games, such as events completed or actions taken within the game, including level, number of credits, time it took you to earn them, metadata about in-game communications
the value and details of purchases, and your interaction with ads that may be displayed in within our games. Our service providers and business partners, including
Unity
, may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications.
On our webpages, this information is collected using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), web beacons, and similar technologies, and our emails may also contain web beacons. In our mobile application, we may collect this information directly or through our use of third-party software development kits (“SDKs”). SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly from our App.
See our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection:
To operate the Service.We use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the Service
provide information about our products and services
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications
provide support and maintenance for the Service, including by responding to your requests, questions and feedback
For research and development.
We analyze use of the Service to analyze and improve the Service and to develop new products and services, including by studying user demographics and use of the Service.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
If we have your contact information, we may send you Cosmic Forces-related marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the “
Opt out of marketing
communications” section below.
To display advertisements.
We use
Unity
to display advertisements within our games (unless you have purchased an ad-free version of our game)
. Unity uses the
information it collects via automated means
to help determine which ads to display to you.
To comply with law.
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent.
In some cases we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect.We make personal information into anonymous,aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you.We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and promote our business.
How We Share your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Policy:
Affiliates.
We may share your personal information with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers.
We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the Service (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only as directed or authorized by us and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Partners.
We may sometimes share your personal information with partners or enable partners to collect information directly via our Service. These partners include Unity, which operates the technology platform on which our games operate, provides us with analytics about our games, and which displays advertising within our games. Unity may use certain information that it collects for its own purposes. You may view Unity’s Privacy Policy at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Professional advisors.
We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety.
We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes
described above
.
Business transfers.
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution.
Your Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users. Users who are located within the European Union can find additional information about their rights
below
.
Access or Update Your Information.
If you have registered for an account with us, you may review and update certain personal information in your account profile by logging into the account.
Opt out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us at cosmic+privacy@cosmicforces.com.
You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies & Browser Web Storage.
We may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the Service and third party websites. For more details, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Location data.
Users of our mobile application also have the choice whether to allow us to access your precise location data. Your device settings may provide the ability for you to revoke our ability to access location data.
Targeted online advertising.
Some of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the Service may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising.
Users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking
here
or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking
here
. European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking
here
, selecting the user’s country, and then clicking “Choices” (or similarly titled link). Users of our mobile applications may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user’s choices. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit.We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals.To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Choosing not to share your personal information.
Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the Service to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services.We will tell you what information you must provide to receive the Service by designating it as required at the time of collection or through other appropriate means.
Other sites, mobile applications and services
The Service may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties.These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions.Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information.We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites and mobile applications and online services you use.
Security practices
The security of your personal information is important to us.We employ a number of organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect.However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International data transfers
We are headquartered in the United States and have service providers in other countries, and your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, or country where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
European Union users should read the important information provided
below
about transfer of personal information outside of the European Union.
Children
Cosmic Forces does not knowingly collect any personal information from children. We define "children" as follows:
Residents outside of Europe: anyone under 13 years old; and
Residents of Europe: anyone under 16 years old, or the age needed to consent to the processing of personal information in your country of residence.
If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian, we will delete it. We encourage parents with concerns to
contact us
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service. We may, and if required by law will, also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail (if you have an account where we have your contact information) or another manner through the Service.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Service (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Service after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments about this Policy or privacy practices to
cosmic+privacy@cosmicforces.com
. You may also write to us via postal mail at:
Cosmic Forces, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
4470 W Sunset Blvd. #91561
Los Angeles, CA 90027
Notice to California Residents
We are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) to provide to California residents an explanation of how we collect, use and share their personal Information, and of the rights and choices we offer California residents regarding our handling of the personal information.
Personal Information We Collect, Use and Share.
Here is a summary of how we currently collect, use and share personal information, and how we have collected, used and shared the information in the preceding 12 months.
While we refer to the term “sell” or “sale” in the right column of this chart, as the CCPA requires, please note that CCPA defines “sale” very broadly to include most sharing of personal information where the recipient may use the information for its own purposes, even when we do not get paid for the information.
Personal information we collect
CCPA-defined categories (click for details)
Sources from which we may collect the personal information
Purposes for which we may collect and use the personal information
Categories of third parties to which we disclose the personal information
Is the disclosure a “sale” under the CCPA?
Contact information
Identifiers
You
To communicate with you
To provide the Services
None
N/A
Precise geolocation information
Geolocation data
Automatic collection (when authorized by you)
To provide the Services
Service providers
N/A
Feedback or correspondence
Transaction information
Marketing information
Commercial information
You
To communicate with you
To provide the Services
Service providers
N/A
Usage information
Device data
Information derived from device data and online activity data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Online Identifiers
You
Automatic collection
To operate and improve our websites and products
To advertise our products and services
Unity
PlayFab
Advertising partners
Yes
Please note that we may also disclose all personal information (a) to comply with federal, state, or local laws; (b) to comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; (c) to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that we believe may violate federal, state, or local law, (d) when we sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction), or (e) to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us. These disclosures are not “sales” under the CCPA.
Visit the
Glossary
for a list of data categories and elements.
California Residents’ Privacy Rights
The CCPA grants California residents the following rights:
Information
. You can request information about how we have collected, used and shared and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months. We have made this this information available to California residents without having to request it by including it in this notice, in the above chart.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we collected or maintain about you.
Opt-out of sale of your personal information
.If we “sell” your Personal information, you can direct us to stop selling your information. While we refer to the term “sell” or “sale” as the CCPA requires, please note that the CCPA defines “sale” very broadly to include most sharing of Personal Information where the recipient may use the information for its own purposes, even when the recipient does not pay us for the information.
Non-discrimination
. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of these privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
Please note that the CCPA limits these rights by, for example, prohibiting us from providing certain sensitive information in response to an access request and limiting the circumstances in which we must comply with a deletion request.If we deny your request, we will communicate our decision to you.
How to Submit a Request
To request access to or deletion of personal information:
visit
https://www.cosmicforces.com/contact/
email cosmic+privacy@cosmicforces.com
To opt out of the sale of your information visit
California Residents - Not Sell My Info.
Identity verification.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights.We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
Authorized agents.
California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf.We will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority.
CCPA Glossary
Statutory Category
Data Elements within the Category
Biometric Information
An individual’s physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, including an individual’s deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity. Biometric information includes, but is not limited to, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Education Information
Personal information from an educational record, which could include: a student’s name, the names of the student’s parent or other family members, the address of a student or student’s family, a student’s personal identifier (e.g., SSN, student number), other indirect identifiers of the student (e.g., date of birth, place of birth, mother’s maiden name), other information that, alone or in combination, is linked or linkable to a specific student that would allow a reasonable person in the school community, who does not have personal knowledge of the relevant circumstances, to identify the student with reasonable certainty, or information requested by a person who the educational agency or institution reasonably believes knows the identity of the student to whom the education record relates.
Financial Information
Bank account number, debit or credit card numbers, insurance policy number, and other financial information.
Geolocation Data
Precise location, e.g., derived from GPS coordinates or telemetry data
Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, customer number, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Inferences
The derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions from any other category of Personal Information to create a profile about a person reflecting the person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.
Internet or Network Information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a person’s interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement.
Medical Information
Personal information about an individual’s health or healthcare, including health insurance information.Does not include (a) medical information governed by California’s Confidentiality of Medical Information Act, (b) protected health information that is collected by a covered entity or business associate governed by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 or (c) information collected as part of certain clinical trials.
Online Identifiers
An online identifier or other persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a person, family or device, over time and across different services, including but not limited to, a device identifier; an Internet Protocol address; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers, or similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone numbers, or other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers (i.e., the identification of a person or a device to a degree of certainty of more probable than not) that can be used to identify a particular person or device.
Physical Description
An individual’s physical characteristics or description (e.g., hair color, eye color, height, weight).
Professional or Employment Information
This term is not defined in the CCPA, but likely includes any information relating to a person's current, past or prospective employment or professional experience (e.g., job history, performance evaluations).
Protected Classification Characteristics
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Sensory Information
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Notice to European Users
The information provided in this “Notice to European Users” section applies only to individuals in Europe.
Personal information.
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to “personal information” governed by European data protection legislation.
Controller
. Cosmic Forces Inc. is the controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation.
Legal bases for processing.
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Our legal bases for processing the personal information described in this Privacy Policy are described in the table below.
Processing purpose (click link for details) Details regarding each processing purpose listed below are provided in the section above titled “How we use your personal information”.
Legal basis
To operate the Service
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of the Service or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for the Service.If we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest in providing the Service you access and request.
For research and development
To send you marketing and promotional communications
To display advertisements
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
To create anonymous, aggregated, or de-identified data
These activities constitute our legitimate interests.We do not use your personal information for these activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with law
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
With your consent
Processing is based on your consent.Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or in the Service.
Use for new purposes.
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it.If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Sensitive personal information.
We ask that you not provide us with any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Service, or otherwise to us. If you provide us with any sensitive personal information to us when you use the Service, you must consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal information, you must not submit such sensitive personal information through our Service.
Retention
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.If we anonymize your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you), we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your rights
European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information.If you are located within the European Union, you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Access.
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete.
Delete your personal information.
Transfer.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict.
Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object.
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
You may submit these requests by
contacting us
.We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or our response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may
contact us
or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
If we transfer your personal information out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, the transfer will be performed:
Pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses, EU-US Privacy Shield (or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, as applicable), or Binding Corporate Rules.
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains.
As otherwise permitted by applicable European requirements.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of Europe.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy explains how Cosmic Forces, Inc. (“
Cosmic Forces
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) uses cookies and similar technologies in connection with the
https://www.cosmicforces.com/
website and any other website that we own or control and which posts or links to this Cookie Policy (collectively, the “
Sites
”), along with the Cosmic Forces mobile application and any other mobile applications that we own or control and which posts or links to this Cookie Policy (collectively, the “
Apps
”).
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.Cookies serve different purposes, like helping us understand how a site is being used, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and generally improving your browsing experience.
Our Sites may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them).
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which we use to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our Sites; and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers or business partners on our Sites, and can be used by these parties to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites. Third party cookies can be used for a variety of purposes, including site analytics, advertising and social media features.
What types of cookies and similar tracking technologies does Cosmic Forces use on the Sites?
On the Sites, we use cookies and other tracking technologies in the following categories described in the table below.
Type
Description
Who serves the cookies  (link to privacy policy/site)
How to control them
Advertising
These cookies are used by advertising companies to collect information about how you use our Sites and other websites over time.These companies use this information to show you ads they believe will be relevant to you within our Service and elsewhere, and to measure how the ads perform.
Facebook
We observed Facebook Connect operating on goosebumpsgame.com, per the Ghostery browser plugin.
See ‘your choices’ below.
Analytics
These cookies help us understand how our Service is performing and being used.These cookies may work with web beacons included in emails we send to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
Unity Analytics
Google Analytics
See ‘your choices’ below.
Google Analytics uses its own cookies. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies
here
and about how Google protects your data
here
.You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Sites by downloading and installing a browser plugin available
here
.
Essential
These cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of our Service (e.g., they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Google Tag Manager
See ‘your choices’ below.
Our Apps use
Unity
to perform analytics and display advertisements. You may view Unity’s
privacy policy
for additional information about its privacy practices.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies, our Sites may use other technologies, such as Flash technology and pixel tags to collect information automatically.
Browser Web Storage
We may use browser web storage (including via HTML5), also known as locally stored objects (“LSOs”), for similar purposes as cookies. Browser web storage enables the storage of a larger amount of data than cookies. Your web browser may provide functionality to clear your browser web storage.
Web Beacons
We may also use web beacons (which are also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) on our Sites and in our HTML formatted emails to track the actions of users on our Sites and interactions with our emails. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages or within HTML formatted emails. Pixel tags are used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of the Sites, so that we can manage our content more effectively.
Mobile Application Software Development Kits (SDKs)
We may use third-party software development kits (“SDKs”) in our mobile applications. A SDK is third-party computer code that may be used for a variety of purposes, including to provide us with analytics regarding the use of our mobile applications, to integrate with social media, add features or functionality to our app, or to facilitate online advertising. SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our App.
Your choices
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies.To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings.Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the Sites may not work properly.
For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Sites. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our Sites.
Users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking
here
or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking
here
. European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking
here
, selecting the user’s country, and then clicking “Choices” (or similarly-titled link). Users of our mobile applications may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user’s choices. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above.
If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, and so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
For more information about how we collect, use and share your information, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Changes
Information about the cookies we use may be updated from time to time, so please check back on a regular basis for any changes.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us by email at cosmic+privacy@cosmicforces.com
Last modified December 5, 2019.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Access Denied
You don't have permission to access "http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy" on this server.
Reference #18.3e62645f.1741463622.27cdea66
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.3e62645f.1741463622.27cdea66