PRIVACY POLICY FOR CRANWORTH MEDICAL LTD MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of all software applications (“Apps”) for mobile devices that were created by Cranworth Medical Ltd.
What information do the Apps obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
None of our Apps collect User Provided Information.
Automatically Collected Information
Our Apps may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Apps.
Do the Apps collect precise real-time location information of the device?
The Apps do not collect precise real-time information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Apps?
Only aggregated, anonymised data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve our Apps and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a summons, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Cranworth Medical Ltd. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified by a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by our Apps easily by uninstalling the Apps. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Automatically Collected Information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
Children
We do not use the Apps to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child has provided us with information without their consent, they should contact us at info@cranworthmedical.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Apps. Please be aware that, although we endeavour provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking
here
.
Your Consent
By using our Apps, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United Kingdom. If you reside outside the United Kingdom your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United Kingdom privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our Apps, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@cranworthmedical.com.
Reference: ODG/2019/1