Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For foreignpolicy.com
Effective date
: October 30, 2024
Foreign Policy, (“FP”, “we” or “us,”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our subscribers and visitors to the website
foreignpolicy.com
(the “Site”). Visitors to the Site may view certain limited content without providing any personal information. Visitors who wish to view or subscribe to additional content may voluntarily register or subscribe as described on the Site and in this Privacy Policy.
Use the links below to jump to specific topics
What is covered by this Privacy Policy
Personal Information we collect, use, and share (summary)
How we collect and use your Personal Information
How we use cookies
How we use social media
When your Personal Information is shared
How long we keep your Personal Information
How we protect your Personal Information
How you can control your Personal Information
How you can contact us
Changes and updates to the Privacy Policy
International users
What is Covered by this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to users of this Site (“users”), which includes any person who accesses our Site. Users may be referred to in this Policy as “user,” “you” or “your.” The Terms of Use for the use of our Site are posted at
https://foreignpolicy.com/termsofuse
. The Site is operated by Foreign Policy, a division of Graham Digital Holding, LLC. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of personal information collected by us online, and offline if you subscribe offline, as described in this Policy.
Children under the age of 16
Our product and services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, individuals under the age of 16. If a child is accessing services without your consent, please contact us by using the information provided in the Contact Information section of this Privacy Policy so that we can remove any personal information provided.
Personal Information we collect, use, and share (summary)
This section provides a summary of the Personal Information we collect, use, and disclose. It also constitutes our notice at collection pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act. During the last past 12 months we have collected, used, and shared the following personal information for the following business purposes:
Categories of Personal Information
Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
(depending on the nature of your interactions with us)
Personal Identifiers,
such as your name, email address, login ID, password and country.
To register for the Site and subscribe to our content.
Internet or other similar network activity
, such as your browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
For analytic purposes when you register for the Site or subscribe to our content.
To provide you access to the Site.
To track how many users we have, how often they visit the Site, and which pages are the most frequently visited.
To show you relevant advertisements you might be interested in, allowing us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the advertising campaign has been.
To suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you.
To conduct tasks necessary to operate our business by administering the Site such as securing it and preventing fraud.
To comply with legitimate legal requests.
Professional or employment-related information,
such as your job title and job industry.
To register you for the Site and subscribe to our content in order for us to learn more about our customer base and to tailor our offerings.
Sharing your Personal Information.
We may share your personal information with your consent or to comply with laws or other legal processes. We do not sell, rent, or loan your personal information to third parties for compensation. However, subject to your privacy choices, we may share your information (Identifiers and Internet or Network Activity Data sections of the above chart) to analytics providers and advertising companies, which may be treated as a “sale” under certain U.S. state privacy laws. See the
How you can control your Personal Information
section of this Privacy Policy for more detail on your privacy choices.
Storage and Retention of your Personal Information.
We will only retain your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including to satisfy any legal requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, whether we can do what we need by using less data and other legal reasons.
We do not collect the following categories of personal information: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, commercial Information, biometric information, geolocation data, sensory data, non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)) or inferences drawn from other personal information.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or sale of our assets, your personal information may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
How we collect and use your Personal Information
Our collection of your personal information is limited to the collection of necessary and adequate information required to accomplish the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We collect personal information that you provide us. Personal information means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. (“personal information”, “PI”).
While we take various steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of your personal information, we rely upon you to provide accurate and complete Information when interacting with us.
Registrations
The minimum information we need to register you to our Site is name, email address, login ID, and password. Registering for the Site and subscribing to our content are completely voluntary. If you do not provide the required information, we may not be able to process your registration or subscription. During the registration process, you will have the ability to opt-in to receive promotional emails, e-newsletters, and to access certain content on the Site. At any point in time, you can choose to unsubscribe to these email communications by contacting us at the location in the
How You Can Contact Us section
.
Subscriptions
When you subscribe to FP online, we collect the same information required for registered users as described above. You may be asked for additional information such as your postal address in order to deliver the requested items in our FP subscription and to manage your account. We also request information such as your job title and company in order for us to learn more about our customer base and to tailor our offerings.  During the subscription process, you choose the level of access you want to our Site and are given the ability to choose to opt-in to receiving e-newsletters. By choosing to purchase a subscription you are entering into a contract with us.
How We Collect and Use Your Personal Account Information
Credit or debit card information and personal financial account information is considered “Sensitive Information.” We do not directly collect credit card, debit card or personal financial account information when you subscribe to our content, because we use a third-party vendor, Braintree Payment Services, via a third-party fulfillment vendor to process our subscription billing. When you provide payment information to subscribe to our content you provide it directly to Braintree Payment Services and not to foreignpolicy.com. Braintree Payment Services is a third-party vendor and has its own privacy policy, which may be different from ours. This Privacy Policy does not cover Braintree Payment Services and foreignpolicy.com is not covered by Braintree Payment Services privacy policy. To learn about Braintree Payment Services privacy practices, please read their privacy policy at
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy
.
When you register for the Site or subscribe to our content, we collect your IP address for analytic purposes. If you have access to the Site through a business or employer account, we use your IP address to identify you with the account so you may access the Site.
We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you. For example, we may receive information about you from a social media site if you connect to our Site through that site.
When you provide personal information, it is being provided directly by you to us, unless we receive it from publicly available sources such as a social media site.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or sale of our assets, your personal information may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.
Marketing Communications
You may receive marketing emails from us, only if you agree to do so. Before sending any marketing communications we will make it clear to you during the registration or subscription process to check boxes or otherwise to “opt in” to receiving marketing emails and providing you the ability to change your preferences if you no longer want to receive them. We also may email you occasionally with information or questions about your registration or your subscription account with reminders, warnings, or other types of requests. We will collect and use individual user details if we have your permission or we have a legitimate interest for doing so, for example, collecting enough information to manage your subscription.
How we use Cookies
When you visit our Site, you will be provided with a notice of our use of cookies while you visit the Site. We use cookies — a piece of information stored on your computer — to allow us to uniquely identify your browser while you are logged in and to enable us to process your online transactions. Cookies also help us confirm your identity and are required in order to login into your account. Users who disable their web browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Site, but they may not be able to access all or parts of our Site. There are also other reasons we use cookies on our site:
For statistical purposes. For example, we track how many users we have and how often they visit the Site and which pages are the most frequently visited.
We sometimes use other organizations to collect anonymous user information through cookies and web beacons (information embedded in images which allow them to analyze how the website is being used and the number of visitors).
We and other advertisers use cookies to track who has seen an advertisement and clicked on it.
Placing cookies on your computer so we can show you advertisements you might be interested in, allowing us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the advertising campaign has been.
Using cookies to suggest and deliver content which we believe may interest you.
The use of cookies by our partners is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit
https://foreignpolicy.com/cookie-management/
or contact us at
privacy@foreignpolicy.com
.
We currently use Google Analytics to collect and process certain website usage data. To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Some U.S. State privacy laws require sites to process browser-based global opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Controls (GPC). Where required, our site recognizes the signals and adjusts the use of third-party tracking technology to reflect your preferences.
How we use social media
Please be aware that any information that you submit to a social media site such as Facebook, Instagram or Twitter is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. Foreign Policy cannot control the actions of social media site users and is not responsible for any content or submissions contained on such sites. You should always review the privacy policy of any third-party site or application.
By using any functionality that permits submissions to social media sites, you are indicating that you have reviewed the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of that site. While we offer functionality through our Site that permits the posting of content on social media, please be aware that these sites may allow you to publicly post and share this content. Foreign Policy cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these sites and is therefore not responsible for any content you post.
When your Personal Information is shared
We do not share or disclose your personal information to third parties other than those parties necessary to fulfill your registration or subscription. These include trusted third parties that provide services on our behalf, including Site development, maintenance and support, fulfillment, payment processing, and email distribution. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except for fulfilling requirements and services being performed under contract.
If you have registered for or attended one of our in person or virtual events, we may share your name and company name – but never your email or contact info – with our event partners.
Third Party Sites and Links
Our Site may contain links to or features of other websites that are independent, are not owned or operated by us and which may incorporate Third Party Information. The collection of information by third party websites is not covered by this Privacy Policy and such third-party websites may have their own separate and independent privacy policies.  If you access other sites or features using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you, which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of other websites, even if they are linked to our Site. In addition to collecting information directly from you, these third-party businesses may use tracking technology to measure the effectiveness of their ads, personalize or optimize advertising content, and track users who click on the links made available through the Site. When you use or interact with our Site, these third-party businesses may collect information about you, including your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties and we encourage you to read their privacy policies, which may apply to these third-party programs.
Advertisement Choices
Online advertising for our Site is delivered by multiple third-party vendors. For example, one of these types of vendors is Google’s DoubleClick. DoubleClick places cookies on your browser to facilitate serving particular ads. For instance, to help determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before, to tailor ads to you if you have visited our Site before, and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. You can opt out of these vendors use of cookies for these purposes by
contacting us
.
In some cases, we and advertisers on our Site and other sites work with other third-party vendors to help deliver advertisements tailored to your interests. These vendors include ad networks and audience segment providers, and they place cookies on your browser to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited) in order to help advertisers deliver particular ads on our Site and other sites that they believe you would find most relevant. You can opt out of those vendors’ use of cookies to tailor advertising to you by visiting
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Website Log Files
As is true of most Websites, we and our third-party utility-tracking partners gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and click stream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
How long we keep your Personal Information
Data Storage and Retention
Your personal information is stored on our servers and on the servers of database management service providers that we have engaged which are located in the United States. We retain data for the duration of the relationship you have with us and securely delete it when it is no longer necessary.
How we protect your Personal Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information when you enter, submit, or access your information online. We implement reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to protect your personal information against accidental or intentional destruction or loss, and unauthorized disclosure or access.
Product, content, and subscription purchases made on foreignpolicy.com are directed through a secure transaction server to protect your personal and financial information.
How you can control your Personal Information
Under certain circumstances, and as required by certain U.S. state laws you have the right to:
Request to Access Your Personal Information (Right to Know)
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information over the past 12 months.
To submit a request, please click on the following link and complete the form –
https://foreignpolicy.com/pi-request
, or send an email to
privacy@foreignpolicy.com
.
As part of our verification process of your request we ensure reasonable measures are in place to detect fraudulent requests and prevent unauthorized access to your personal information.
We are required to verify your identity, and the identity of your authorized agent, if the request is submitted via an agent by associating the information provided in the request to any personal information previously collected by us or use a third-party identity verification service.
To verify your identity to process the request, you must provide your full name, email address, and account number.
Once we confirm your verifiable request we will disclose to you, consistent with your request:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
Specific pieces of personal information we collected about you, if requested.
Requests to Delete Your Personal Information (Right to Request Deletion)
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
If we deny your deletion request, we will notify you in writing of the reason and provide you with information on how to appeal our decision.
To submit a request, please click on the following link and complete the form –
https://foreignpolicy.com/pi-request
, or send an email to
privacy@foreignpolicy.com
.
Non-discrimination to exercise your Consumer Privacy Rights
You will not be discriminated against Foreign Policy for exercising your privacy rights granted under the
Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf
An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf by following the same steps above.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, we may require that you (1) provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) provide a copy of the authorization or provide a copy of a power of attorney.
Responding to Requests
Upon receiving your request to know or a request to delete, we will process your request or notify you if the request requires an extension or will be denied. If we only comply with your response in part, we will explain the reasons why. We attempt to process requests within 45 days after receipt. If we require additional time beyond 45 days, we will inform you of the reason and the extension period. If you have an account with us, we may deliver our response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. Generally, we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your requests. However, if we determine that a request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Right to Appeal
If we deny your request for legal or other reasons, we will notify you in writing of the reason and provide you with information on how to appeal our decision. If we deny your request after considering your appeal, you will be provided with information on how to contact their state Attorney General, Department of Justice or Division of Consumer Affairs regarding our decision depending on the state where you live, if known.
How you can contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, questions or complaints about the collection, use and processing of your personal information, please contact us by postal mail or email at:
Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC 20005
privacy@foreignpolicy.com
Changes and updates to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our privacy policy and terms of use at any time. We will post the amended privacy policy and terms of use on this Site.  Please check our Site frequently to see the current privacy policy and terms of use that are in effect and any changes that may have been made. The effective date of the Privacy Policy will be posted at the top of the Privacy Policy.
International Users
International Transfers of Personal Information
Please be aware that the personal information we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store personal data in the United States. Foreign Policy has executed standard contractual clauses to legitimize these data transfers.
Your Rights in Connection with Your Personal Information
If you are in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the UK, under certain circumstances, and as required by applicable law you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal information. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Request correction
of any incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we hold about you.
Request erasure
of your personal information when there is no need for us continuing to process it or you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing
of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing
of your personal information to suspend the processing, for example if you want us to verify its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer
of your personal information to another party.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer in writing at the address in the following section. Valid requests will be honored within 30 calendar days of request. This 30-day period may be extended for another 2 months for complex requests with notification of the reasons for the extension to you. Any such requests should be submitted using the information listed in the Contact Information section.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances. In addition, there may be requests that we are unable to process because of other EU/EEA/Swiss legal requirements. If a request is denied, we will notify you of the reason.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
If you are located in the EU, EEA, Switzerland or UK you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EU or the UK Supervisory Authority. However, if you have a complaint regarding the processing of your personal information we request that you first contact us and we will reply on a timely basis.
If you have a rights request, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
As it pertains to users of this Site located in the EU, the controller of your personal information is Foreign Policy.
Data Protection Representative Contact Information
If you are located in the EU, EEA or Switzerland:
Kaplan Ireland Education Limited
Attn: EU/EEA Data Protection Representative
13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2, D02 WC04 Ireland
If you are located in the UK:
Kaplan UK Limited
Attn: UK Data Protection Representative
Palace House, 3 Cathedral St, London SE1 9DE, England
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.braintreepayments.com/legal/braintree-privacy-policy:
<< Back To Home Page
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
1. Definitions
2. PayPal as a Controller
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
5. Mutual Assistance
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
Attachment 1
PayPal Data Protection Addendum For Card Processing Products
Last updated on February 5, 2025
This PayPal Data Protection Addendum for Card Processing Products (this "Addendum") applies to any product, service, or other offering where a member of the PayPal Group ("PayPal") provides card processing, gateway and/or fraud protection services (the "Payment Services") to you. This Addendum does not apply to PayPal wallet services such as pay with PayPal, Venmo, or PayPal’s pay later offers. This Addendum forms part of the applicable agreement between you ("you" or "Merchant") and PayPal that governs PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services to you (the "Agreement") and is incorporated by reference therein. In the event there is any conflict between the terms of this Addendum and the Agreement, the terms of this Addendum will control. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Addendum have the meaning set out in the Agreement.
This Addendum is effective as of the later of (i) the effective date specified in the Agreement or (ii) the effective date stated in the notice posted or provided to you in connection with this Addendum. We may amend this Addendum from time to time. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it on our website, unless otherwise noted. If our changes reduce your rights or increase your responsibilities, we will post a notice on the "
Policy Updates
" page of our website within the timeframe required by the Agreement. If you do not agree with any change to this Addendum, you may discontinue your use of the Payment Services.
1. Definitions
The following terms have the following meanings when used in Part A of this Addendum:
"Controller"
means an entity that determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, or, if such term (or terms addressing similar data protection and privacy roles) is defined in Data Protection Law, "Controller" shall have the meaning as defined in the applicable Data Protection Law including a "Business" as defined in the CCPA.
"Customer"
means your customers who use the Payment Services and for the purposes of Part A of this Addendum, are data subjects.
"Customer Data"
means any Personal Data that (i) the Customer provides to you and you may pass on to PayPal through the use by you of the Payment Services or that (ii) PayPal may collect from the Customer directly.
"Data Protection Laws"
means any applicable data protection laws, regulations, directives and regulatory requirements applicable to PayPal’s provision of the Payment Services, including any amendments thereto and any associated regulations or instruments (e.g., the California Consumer Privacy Act 2018, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CCPA"), the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap.486) (Hong Kong), the Brazilian General Data Protection Law, Federal Law no. 13,709/2018 and the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Singapore)).
"PayPal Group"
means PayPal, Inc. and all company entities which PayPal, or its successor(s), directly or indirectly from time to time owns or controls.
"Personal Data"
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a "data subject"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
"Process"
or
"Processed"
or
"Processing"
means any operation or set of operations performed upon Personal Data, including collection, recording, retention, sharing, organization, storage, access, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure, dissemination, making available, alignment, combination, blocking, deleting, erasure, or destruction.
2. PayPal as a Controller
PayPal shall comply with the requirements of the Data Protection Laws applicable to Controllers in respect of the Processing of Customer Data under this Addendum (including without limitation, by implementing and maintaining at all times all appropriate security measures in relation to the Processing of Customer Data) and shall not knowingly do anything or permit anything to be done with respect to the Customer Data that likely would lead to a breach by Merchant of the Data Protection Laws. PayPal shall only transfer Customer Data to third parties, sub-processors or members of the PayPal Group who shall sign written agreements which contain terms for the protection of Customer Data, which are no less protective than the terms set out in this Addendum.
3. Processing of Customer Data in Connection with the Payment Services
The parties acknowledge and agree that Merchant and PayPal are each independent Controllers in respect of all Customer Data Processed in connection with the Payment Services. As such, PayPal independently determines the purpose and the means of the Processing of such Customer Data and is not a joint Controller with Merchant with respect to such Customer Data. The parties acknowledge and agree that PayPal is permitted to use, reproduce and Process Customer Data and payment transaction data for the following limited purposes:
as reasonably necessary to provide and improve the Payment Services to Merchant and Merchant’s Customers, including fraud protection tools;
to monitor, prevent, and detect fraudulent payment transactions and to prevent harm to Merchant, PayPal, and to third parties,
to comply with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to the Processing and retention of payment data to which PayPal is subject, including applicable anti-money laundering and identity verification obligations;
to analyze, develop, and improve PayPal’s products and services;
internal usage, including but not limited to, data analytics and metrics;
to compile and disclose Customer Data and payment transaction data in the aggregate where Merchant’s individual or Customer Data is not identifiable, including calculating Merchant’s averages by region or industry;
complying with applicable legal requirements and assisting law enforcement agencies by responding to requests for the disclosure of information in accordance with laws; and
any other purpose that it notifies Merchant so long as such purpose is in accordance with Data Protection Laws.
4. Merchant Notice to Customers
Merchant shall (i) notify Customers in their privacy policy that PayPal is an independent Controller for the purpose of Processing Customer Data and (ii) include a link to the PayPal privacy statement available at
braintreepayments.com
in Merchant’s privacy policy.
5. Mutual Assistance
The parties agree to co-operate with each other to the extent reasonably necessary to enable the other party to adequately discharge their responsibility as an independent Controller under Data Protection Laws. The parties agree that to the extent Merchant receives a subject access request or any exercise by a Customer of its rights under Data Protection Laws, Merchant shall respond to such Customer’s access request directly. Merchant also shall inform the Customer that they may exercise their data subject rights in connection with the Payment Services with PayPal according to the instructions described in the Privacy Statement available at
www.paypal.com
. In addition, if in connection with any security incident, PayPal determines in its sole discretion that it must notify affected Customers and PayPal does not have the necessary contact information about an affected Customer to make such communication, then Merchant shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide PayPal with information about Customers that Merchant may possess for the limited purpose of PayPal’s compliance with applicable notification obligations regarding affected Customers under Data Protection Laws.
6. Cross Border Data Transfers
We each agree that PayPal may transfer Customer Data Processed under the Addendum outside the country where it was collected as necessary to provide the Payment Services. If PayPal transfers Customer Data protected under this Addendum to a jurisdiction for which the applicable regulatory authority for the country in which the data was collected has not issued an adequacy decision (an "Adequacy Decision”), PayPal will ensure that appropriate safeguards have been implemented for the transfer of Customer Data in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. For example, and for purposes of compliance with the GDPR, PayPal relies on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent supervisory authorities and other data transfer mechanisms for transfers of Customer Data within the PayPal Group.
To the extent you transfer Customer Data to a PayPal Group member located in a country that has not received an Adequacy Decisions in respect of your Customers located in the European Union, Switzerland, the Europeans Economic Area, and/or their member states or the United Kingdom, the parties each agree that (i) to the extent applicable, your signing of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to the GDPR ("EU Transfer Clauses”) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, it will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU Commission Standard Contractual Clauses issued on 2 February 2022 by the UK Information Commissioner under section 119A(1) Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK Addendum”), by Merchant, as the data exporter and in the role of controller, (ii) to the extent applicable, the PayPal Group member’s signature of the Agreement will be deemed to be signature and acceptance of the EU Transfer Clauses and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum by such PayPal Group member, as the data importer and in the role of controller; and (iii) the Parties shall be subject to the Module 1 provisions of the EU Transfer Clauses. In the event the European Commission or the UK Secretary of State (or other applicable UK authorized body) revises and thereafter publishes, respectively, new EU Transfer Clauses or other UK contractual mechanism to be used instead of the UK Addendum to legitimize personal data transfer outside the United Kingdom (“UK Clauses”), the Parties agree that, respectively, such new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses will supersede the present EU Transfer Clauses or UK Addendum, as applicable, and that they will take all such actions required to effect the execution of the new EU Transfer Clauses or UK Clauses, as applicable. The EU Transfer Clauses (Module 1) and, in case of any transfers of personal data from United Kingdom, the UK Addendum will each be incorporated into the Agreement by reference and will be considered duly executed between the Parties upon entering into force of this Agreement subject to the following details:
A) EU Transfer Clauses
in case of any transfers of personal data from Switzerland, subject exclusively to the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection and other data protection laws of Switzerland (“Swiss Data Protection Laws”), general and specific references in the EU Transfer Clauses to: (a) Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or EU or Member State Law, shall have the same meaning as the equivalent reference in the Swiss Data Protection Laws; and (b) “Member State” or “EU Member State” or “EU” shall be read as references to Switzerland;
in accordance with Clause 13 (Supervision), the competent Supervisory Authority shall be the (i) the National Commission for Data Protection (CNDP) in Luxembourg, or (ii) where the data exporter is established in Switzerland or falls within the territorial scope of application of the Swiss Data Protection Laws, Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner insofar as the relevant data transfer is governed by Swiss Data Protection Laws;
option 1 of Clause 17 (Governing law) shall apply and the laws of Luxembourg shall govern the EU Transfer Clauses;
in accordance with Clause 18 (Choice of forum and jurisdiction), the courts of Luxembourg will resolve any dispute arising out of the EU Transfer Clauses; and
the Parties agree that the details required under the EU Transfer Clauses Appendix are as set forth in Attachment 1.
B) UK Addendum
Part 1 - Tables:
Table 1 “Parties” shall be: (a) the Merchant as data exporter and (b) PayPal as data importer, both with registered address, official registration number and key contacts (full name, job title, contact details) as provided in the Agreement and signature and start date as set out in these EU Transfer Clauses;
under Table 2 “Selected SCCs, Modules and Selected Clauses”, the UK Addendum is appended to the EU Transfer Clauses issued on 4 June 2021 including the Appendix Information;
Table 3 “Appendix Information” will be the information as set out in the Appendix of the EU Transfer Clauses, which is incorporated under Attachment 1; and
with reference to Table 4 “Ending of this addendum when Approved Addendum Changes,” the ability to end the UK Addendum shall be applied to either Party provided the Agreement is terminated at the same time, or upon agreement by both Parties.
Part 2 - Mandatory Clauses of the Approved Addendum, being the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the ICO and laid before Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 on 2 February 2022, as it is revised under Section ‎‎18 of those Mandatory Clauses.
It is understood that the EU Transfer Clauses and the UK Addendum as set out above shall only apply to transfers of Personal Data that, in the absence of the application of the same would cause either party to breach applicable Data Protection Laws.
Attachment 1
Appendix to the EU Transfer Clauses
A) The following is applicable, to the extent required, under the EU Transfer Clauses
Annex 1.A. List of Parties
Data Exporter
Name and Address: The data exporter is the Merchant, and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement
Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Data Importer
Name and Address: The data importer is the member of the PayPal Group providing the services pursuant to the Agreement and the address is as provided in the Agreement
Contact person’s name, position and contact details: as provided in the Agreement
Activities relevant to the data transferred under the Standard Contractual Clause: as provided in the Agreement Signature and date: please see the "Cross Border Transfers” section of this Addendum
Role (controller/processor): controller
Annex 1.B. Description of Transfer
Data subjects Whose Personal Data is Transferred
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects:
The data exporter’s customers, employees and other business contacts.
Categories of data
The personal data transferred may include the following categories of data:
Name, amount to be charged, date/time, bank account details, payment card details, CVC code, post code, country code, address, email address, fax, phone, website, expiry data, shipping details, tax status, unique customer identifier, IP Address, location, and any other data received by PayPal under the Agreement.
Sensitive data (if appropriate) and Applied Restrictions or Safeguards
The personal data transferred concern the following categories of sensitive data:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data. Applies restrictions and safeguards:
Not applicable, unless Merchant configures the service to capture such data.
Nature of the Processing
As set forth in the Agreement.
Purposes of the transfer(s)
The transfer is made for the following purposes:
Performance of the services provided by data importer to data exporter in accordance with the Agreement.
To identify fraudulent activity and risk that is, or may, affect the data importer, the data exporter or other customers of the data importer.
To comply with laws applicable to the data importer.
As set forth in the Data Protection Addendum.
The Period for which the Personal Data will be Retained, or, if that is not Possible, the Criteria Used to Determine that Period
The data importer only retains the personal data for as long as is necessary with regards the relevant purpose(s) it was collected for (please see purposes above). To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, the data importer considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal data, the purposes for which the personal data is processed and whether such purposes can be achieved through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
For transfers to (Sub-) Processors, also Specify Subject Matter, Nature and Duration of the Processing
The data importer may share personal data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at the data importer’s direction and on its behalf. These third-party service providers may, for example, provide an element of the services provided under the Agreement such as customer verification, transaction processing or customer support, or provide a service to the data importer that supports the services provided under the agreement such as storage. When determining the duration of the processing undertaken by the third-party service providers, the data importer applies the criteria provided above in this Annex1.B.
Annex 1.C. Supervisory Authority
In accordance with Clause 13(a) of the EU Transfer Clauses, the supervisory authority with responsibility for ensuring compliance by the data exporter with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 as regards the data transfer, as indicated shall act as competent supervisory authority.
Annex II. Technical and Organisations Measures Including Technical and Organisational Measures to Ensure the Security of the Data
1. Pseudonymization, Encryption and the Protection of Data During Transmission.
PayPal’s policies ensure compliance with this principle and require the use of technical controls to prevent the risk of disclosure of personal data. PayPal employs encryption in transit and at rest for all personal data. We also employ industry standard pseudonymization techniques, such as tokenization to protect personal data where applicable. PayPal has comprehensive policies that provide key obligations and processes to protect data when it is transferred within the enterprise and externally with third parties.
2. Change Management and Business Continuity.
PayPal’s robust change management process protects the ongoing availability and resiliency of data and systems throughout their lifecycle by ensuring that changes are planned, approved, executed, and reviewed appropriately. The Company’s business continuity management process provides a framework for building organizational resilience with the capability of an effective response that safeguards the interests of its key stakeholders.
3. Disaster Recovery.
PayPal’s robust disaster recovery program has processes for recovering information or technology systems in the event of any significant disruption, focusing on the IT systems that support critical business processes and customer activities. PayPal’s technology infrastructure is housed in multiple secure data centers, with primary and secondary capability, each equipped with network and security infrastructure, dedicated application and database servers and storage.
4. Regular Testing, Assessment and Evaluating Effectiveness of Technical and Organizational measures.
PayPal regularly plans, executes and reports on the results of the Company’s testing program to assess and evaluate the effectiveness of its technological and organizational measures. The program is managed through our enterprise risk and compliance team who work with relevant stakeholders to obtain and evaluate information required for testing, reporting and remediating as necessary.
5. User Identification and Authorization.
PayPal’s access management processes require users to log into the corporate network using a unique corporate network account ID and password for user identification and authentication before accessing any other in-scope applications. Automated policies regarding password composition, length, change, reuse, and lockout are applied. Role-based access and approvals, which are certified quarterly, are implemented across all in-scope systems to enforce least privileged principle.
6. Physical Security of Locations Where Personal Data is Processed.
PayPal global safety and security policies and processes set forth the requirements necessary to facilitate sounds safety and security processes, including physical security, in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and partner requirements. Special emphasis is placed on security systems and safeguards when constructing special or sensitive areas such as mail rooms, equipment storage, shipping and receiving areas, computer/server rooms, communications vaults or classified document/information storage areas in accordance with the Company’s information security handling standard.
7. Events Logging and Configuration.
PayPal has outlined and defined event logging and monitoring types and attributes. The Company collects and aggregates several types of logs to the centralized security monitoring system. Standard configuration management control is in place to ensure logs are collected from the systems, and then forwarded to our centralized security monitoring system. PayPal policies and supporting processes set forth that system configuration and hardening baselines must be implemented across all systems.
8. IT Governance and Management; Certification and Assurance of Processes and Products.
PayPal promotes a strong security philosophy across the Company. Our Chief Information Security Officer oversees information security across our global enterprise. As part of our Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Program, our Technology Oversight and Information Security Program is designed to support the Company in managing technology and information security risks and identifying, protecting, detecting, responding to and recovering from information security threats. PayPal certifies and assures its processes and products through a variety of enterprise programs, including (i) audits and assessments of PayPal’s technical industry standard obligations including but not limited to, ISO 27001, Payment Card Industry’s (PCI) applicable standards (DSS, PIN, P2PE, etc.) and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) SOC-1 and SOC-2, (ii) Risk Control Identification Process (RCIP) which ensures early engagement and a standard approach to the measurement, management, and monitoring of risk associated with the development and release of product solutions, (iii) privacy impact assessments which are integrated into the early stages of the product and software development processes, and (iv) a comprehensive third party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party.
9. Data Minimization.
Our policies require, through technical controls, that data elements collected and generated are those which are adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed. PayPal’s privacy impact assessment processes ensure compliance with these policies.
10. Data Quality and Retention.
PayPal’s access and quality policy ensures that all personal data is correct, complete, and up to date, enabling individual users to access the system to correct and modify their particulars (e.g., address, contact details etc.), and, where a request for correction is received from a data subject, to provide a service which delivers their right to correction. Our data governance program monitors data quality, issues and remediations, as necessary. We require that all data be classified according to its business value with assigned retention periods, which is based upon PayPal’s legal, regulatory, and business recordkeeping requirements. Upon expiration of the retention period, data and information is disposed, deleted, or destroyed.
11. Accountability.
PayPal has developed a set of information security, technology, data governance, third party management and privacy policies and principles that are aligned to industry standards and designed to engage stakeholder collaboration and partnership in awareness and compliance with such policies and controls across the organization to ensure participation and accountability from the top down across the organization. Each program defines accountabilities for cross-functional data related decisions, processes and controls. As a data controller, PayPal is responsible for and demonstrates compliance with the relevant articles carrying an accountability obligation in the GDPR and other applicable data protection laws through the implementation of a privacy program policy and an underlying layered organizational and technical control structure to ensure enterprise-wide compliance with privacy law, regulation, policy, and procedures. These include being able to demonstrate compliance with the data protection laws through: 1) a strong culture of compliance, 2) an enterprise risk and compliance governance structure which includes management committees, oversight roles, privacy reporting, 3) business function accountability for compliance with the privacy program including establishment, documentation and maintenance of business processes and controls, 4) a global privacy department within the Enterprise Compliance Organization to oversee business compliance with the privacy program and define policies, standards, procedures, and tools which are operationalized by business functions, 5) communications to the enterprise by the global privacy function to promote awareness and understanding of privacy, 6) Enterprise Risk and Compliance Management Framework to ensure the use of consistent processes including privacy impact assessments, privacy monitoring and testing, privacy issue management, privacy training, annual privacy plan, and 7) reporting and analysis to management committees which oversee the Privacy Program.
12. Data Subject Rights.
PayPal has a program in place to ensure data subject rights are fulfilled, including access, correction and erasure. Data erasure requests are fulfilled unless PayPal has a legal, regulatory obligation or other legitimate business reason to retain it. PayPal’s policies ensures that erasure occurs throughout the customer lifecycle.
13. Processors.
PayPal has a comprehensive third-party management program, which provides assurance through continuous management of risks throughout the lifecycle of an engagement with a third party. We have contractual controls in place to require our processors and their subprocessors to put in place comprehensive data security and privacy standards throughout the processing chain. All subprocessors must require our advance approval before being engaged.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語