Home
Games
Contact
Privacy policy
Overview
Pronetis SRL has developed this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our users’ privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the kinds of information Pronetis SRL ("Pronetis," "we," "us" or "our") may collect through our mobile applications and websites from the users (each a "User" or collectively, "Users", "you"), how we use that information, with whom your information may be shared, and how you can opt-out of such uses or correct or change such information.
By using our mobile applications or our website, you agree to the practices described in this Policy.
If you do not want Pronetis SRL to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you might not be able to use some of our products anymore.
What information do we collect or store?
When you use our games, we collect game data like your Game Center ID and nickname (for iOS devices) and Google Play Games ID and Gamer ID (for Android devices). We use this information to identify the users and show their scores on leaderboards.
Besides that, we use third-party platforms for mobile analytics and in-game advertising.
            When you use our games, those platforms collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our games, such as when and for how long you play our games, purchases you make, progress or levels you achieve and other gameplay activities.
Mobile analytics
Like many apps, we use mobile analytics to record player behaviour.
Particular events in the game are logged and sent to a third-party server for analysis. This lets us understand player behaviour and helps us improve our games.
Mobile analytics data is aggregated and is not personally identifiable. Your analytics data is not associated with your player data in the game (eg. Player ID or save game data).
We use GameAnalytics and Facebook analytics for this service.
In order to provide unique count analytics such as daily active users or monthly active users and features such as retention, funnels, crashes, and others, GameAnalytics collects device identifiers that are considered “personal information” under GDPR. This is a standard practice in the marketplace and is required in order to provide these analytics. You can read more about GameAnalytics
here
.
Facebook Analytics helps us understand how people are using our iOS and Android games. Data in Facebook Analytics is driven by app events and user properties. App Events describe something a user did, while properties describe an attribute of the user.
Facebook Analytics reports help us better understand our customers and their behavior. We added events to our games to view analytics, measure ad performance, and build audiences for ad targeting on Facebook and Instagram to increase the installs of our mobile games. For example, we can create "look-alike audiences" to target campaigns to new people who are similar to our best customers.
The data collected is anonymous to us and we cannot use it to draw any conclusions about our users' identities. However, the data are stored and processed by Facebook, which may make a connection to your Facebook profile and which may use the data for its own advertising purposes, as stipulated in the Facebook privacy policy. Check out Facebook's privacy policy to learn more about protecting your privacy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
In-game advertising
Our games serve ads. These ads enable us to offer free-to-play games.
By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third-party ads in our games.
For in-game advertising we use multiple mediation service that enables third-party advertising networks to optimize placements of ads, buy ad inventory and serve ads in our games.
These platforms collect data such as device type, country, device language, in-game behavior and purchases, IP address, Apple’s Advertising Identifier (IDFA), and Google Play advertising ID.
This information is useful for providing relevant ads about other games, movies and/or products that may interest the players and for designing them for specific device types, player languages and game preferences.
For more details on how information is collected, stored and used by these services please access their privacy policy bellow.
Facebook Audience Network -	https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
UnityAds -	https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle  - 	https://vungle.com/privacy/
Fyber -	https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement
Pangle (Tik Tok) -	https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy
Inmobi -    https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
ironSource -	http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
Tapjoy -	https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/advertisers/#privacy-policy
AdMob -	https://www.google.com/adsense/new/localized-terms
AppLovin -	https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Google -	https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Rubicon -	https://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-advertising-technology-privacy-policy/
SmartStream -	https://www.smartstream-stp.com/Privacy_Policy
SmartClip -	http://privacy-portal.smartclip.net
Loopme -	https://loopme.com/privacy-policy/
Pubmatic -	https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Liftoff -	https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
GameAnalytics -	https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Ogury -	https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
Your Rights and How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal Information
If you’re a user located in the European Countries, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
If you are located in the European Union you have the following data protection rights:
You can access or request deletion of your personal information by e-mailing us at
gdpr@pronetis.com
. Upon your request, your personal data will be provided or deleted as soon as technically possible. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe, but no longer than 3 - 5 business days.
You can correct or update your personal information, object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority (Contact details are available
here
.)
Our Policies Concerning Children
We seek to ensure that we do not collect information from children. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 16.
Generally speaking, our games are not intended for children under the age of 13 (or under 16 for children located in the European Countries) (collectively, “Children”).
As our games do not target children as the primary audience, we collect age information before allowing a user to play our games.
Security and Data Retention
We implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline and to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Long We Keep Your Information
How long we retain your personal information depends on why we collected it and how we use it, but we will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.
While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please contact us.
Disclosure of your information
As already described above, we share your information with our third-party business partners who assist us in delivering and optimizing our games and websites such as our platform partners (Apple, Google, Facebook, Flurry, Unity). Where we share your information with third-party service providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information (as required by applicable data protection laws).
Website
Analytics Tools
We use third-party analytics tools for our website, including
Google Analytics
. The third-party analytics companies we work with may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online products and services. Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies.
Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
Our website may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our website. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and we do not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Our website may also contain links and interactive features with various social media platforms. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using our website or games. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on November 24th, 2020.
Our privacy policy may change at any time so please periodically continue to check this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, please e-mail us at
gdpr@pronetis.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://pronetisgames.com/privacy/privacy:
Server Error
404 - File or directory not found.
The resource you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.