Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 25, 2018
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the
www.brookespublishing.com
website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personal identification is collected from you through the website
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under Brookes Publishing Co.’s control, and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from
www.brookespublishing.com
Definitions
Service
Service is the www.brookespublishing.com website operated by Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We may use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Use of Data
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
“Do Not Track” Signals
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Paul H. Brookes Publishing Co., Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Avalara
View the
Avalara Privacy Policy
.
Authorize.net
View the
Authorize.net Privacy Policy
.
Square
View the
Square Privacy Policy
.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of data at consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
webmaster@brookespublishing.com
By visiting this page on our website:
www.brookespublishing.com/customer-service/contact/
By phone number:
410-337-9580
By mail:
POB 10624, Baltimore, MD 21285
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.avalara.com/us/en/legal/privacy-policy.html?sessionId=1527270273861&referrer=&lastReferrer=www.avalara.com:
Error
All Contracts
Data Processing Agreement
Data Privacy FAQ
Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement
Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
Brazil Recruitment Notice
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
Data Subject Rights
EEA and United Kingdom Recruitment Notice
India Recruitment Notice
Privacy Notice
Subprocessors
United States Recruitment Notice
Effective September 19th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The Data Processing Agreement in place between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer is available below and is incorporated into the Agreement between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer. Customer may download a signed DPA at the link below. FAQs are available
here
.
Avalara Contracting Entity
DPA
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Avalara Europe Ltd. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Avalara, Inc.
Avalara, Inc. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Effective November 15th 2023
to
September 19th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
The Data Processing Agreement in place between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer is available below and is incorporated into the Agreement between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer. Customer may download a signed DPA at the link below. FAQs are available
here
.
Avalara Contracting Entity
DPA
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Avalara Europe Ltd. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Avalara, Inc.
Avalara, Inc. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Effective November 1st 2023
to
November 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
The Data Processing Agreement in place between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer is available below and is incorporated into the Agreement between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer. Customer may download a signed DPA at the link below. FAQs are available
here
.
Avalara Contracting Entity
DPA
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Avalara Europe Ltd. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Avalara, Inc.
Avalara, Inc. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed version
here
.
Effective October 26th 2023
to
November 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
The Data Processing Agreement in place between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer is available below and is incorporated into the Agreement between the Avalara contracting entity below and Customer. Customer may download a signed DPA at the link below. FAQs are available
here
.
Avalara Contracting Entity
DPA
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Avalara Europe Ltd. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed Version
here
.
Avalara, Inc.
Avalara, Inc. Data Processing Agreement
*Executed Version
here
.
Effective October 15th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Introduction
Avalara has prepared these Frequently Asked Questions (“
FAQs
”) to assist customers in understanding their obligations and Avalara’s obligations under privacy laws and regulations.
The FAQs do not, and are not intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials available below are for general informational purposes only and do not form part of the agreement.
Why does Avalara make available a data processing agreement?
As part of Avalara main terms, Avalara offers a Services Data Processing Agreement (“
DPA
”) which provides helpful contractual terms for the processing of personal data. Avalara has customers around the globe and the DPA incorporates the core privacy principles that inform many international data protection laws.
What is Avalara’s role?
In relation to the provision of the services, Avalara acts as a data processor for the personal data that our customers submit. Therefore, Avalara processes personal data on behalf of and according to our customers’ instructions who are the data controllers.
How does Avalara perform onward data transfers?
In order to provide its service, Avalara may use subprocessors (both Avalara affiliates and third parties) located outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
Avalara uses the
following data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland:
1) Adequacy Status
The EEA recognizes certain countries around the world as offering an adequate level of protection for personal data. That means when Avalara transfers personal data to such countries, no further measures are required.
2) Standard Contractual Clauses
The European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (as updated by the Commission Implementing Decision EU 2021/914 of 4 June 2021) (“
SCCs
”) are model contract clauses developed by the European Commission to legitimize transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area to processors located in other countries.
The UK has indicated that Standard Contractual Clauses can also be used as a safeguard to legitimatize transfers of personal data from the UK to processors located in other countries and our DPA is updated with the addendum to the SCCs which came into force on 21 March 2022.
Avalara also relies on the SCCs, for the purpose of intra-group transfer of personal data. Avalara Europe Ltd. transfers personal data to Avalara Inc. as data importer and subprocessor under Avalara’s internal Data Transfer Agreement (which includes the SCCs).  As the customers are the data controllers and Avalara Europe Ltd. is the data exporter, customers are not transferring personal data outside the EEA; only Avalara Europe Ltd. does so as a data processor and data exporter pursuant to the Data Transfer Agreement.
How to execute this DPA
This DPA has been pre-signed on behalf of Avalara, Inc. (“
Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
”)
and Avalara Europe Ltd. (“
Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement
”)
For the Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement: please insert relevant details under page 3, fill in details under Exhibit 1 Annex 1 List of Parties and sign.
For the Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement: please insert relevant details under page 2 and sign.
For the avoidance of doubt, signature of the Avalara Inc. DPA on page 3 shall be deemed to constitute signature and acceptance of the Standard Contractual Clauses, including Schedule 2.
Effective October 26th 2023
to
December 31st 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Introduction
Avalara has prepared these Frequently Asked Questions (“
FAQs
”) to assist customers in understanding their obligations and Avalara’s obligations under privacy laws and regulations.
The FAQs do not, and are not intended to, constitute legal advice. All information, content, and materials available below are for general informational purposes only and do not form part of the agreement.
Why does Avalara make available a data processing agreement?
As part of Avalara main terms, Avalara offers a Services Data Processing Agreement (“
DPA
”) which provides helpful contractual terms for the processing of personal data. Avalara has customers around the globe and the DPA incorporates the core privacy principles that inform many international data protection laws.
What is Avalara’s role?
In relation to the provision of the services, Avalara acts as a data processor for the personal data that our customers submit. Therefore, Avalara processes personal data on behalf of and according to our customers’ instructions who are the data controllers.
How does Avalara perform onward data transfers?
In order to provide its service, Avalara may use subprocessors (both Avalara affiliates and third parties) located outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
Avalara uses the
following data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland:
1) Adequacy Status
The EEA recognizes certain countries around the world as offering an adequate level of protection for personal data. That means when Avalara transfers personal data to such countries, no further measures are required.
2) Standard Contractual Clauses
The European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (as updated by the Commission Implementing Decision EU 2021/914 of 4 June 2021) (“
SCCs
”) are model contract clauses developed by the European Commission to legitimize transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area to processors located in other countries.
The UK has indicated that Standard Contractual Clauses can also be used as a safeguard to legitimatize transfers of personal data from the UK to processors located in other countries and our DPA is updated with the addendum to the SCCs which came into force on 21 March 2022.
Avalara also relies on the SCCs, for the purpose of intra-group transfer of personal data. Avalara Europe Ltd. transfers personal data to Avalara Inc. as data importer and subprocessor under the Avalara’s internal Data Transfer Agreement (which includes the SCCs).  As the customers are the data controllers and Avalara Europe Ltd. is the data exporter, customers are not transferring personal data outside the EEA; only Avalara Europe Ltd. does so as a data processor and data exporter pursuant to the Data Transfer Agreement.
How to execute this DPA
This DPA has been pre-signed on behalf of Avalara, Inc. (“
Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
”)
and Avalara Europe Ltd. (“
Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement
”)
For the Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement: please insert relevant details under page 3, fill in details under Exhibit 1 Annex 1 List of Parties and sign.
For the Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement: please insert relevant details under page 2 and sign.
For the avoidance of doubt, signature of the Avalara Inc. DPA on page 3 shall be deemed to constitute signature and acceptance of the Standard Contractual Clauses, including Schedule 2.
Effective November 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This A
valara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement (“
DPA
”)
is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara Europe Ltd. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this DPA conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organisations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. “
Services Data
” means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorised users (“
Authorised Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data. Services Data is disclosed by Customer to Avalara only for the limited and specified business purposes of assisting Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations. Avalara does not use, retain, or disclose Services Data, except: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organisational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Exhibit 1 (
Security
). Avalara may update and modify Exhibit 1 from time to time, provided that Avalara shall not materially reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Customer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara and (b) enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers. This includes a right for Customer to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Avalara uses the Services Data in a manner consistent with Customer's legal obligations and the right, upon notice, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Services Data
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorised access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross
‐
Context Behavioral Advertising; Compliance with the CCPA
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services, or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers or contractors under the CCPA. Avalara will comply with the obligations on service providers under the CCPA and provide the same level of privacy protections required of Customer under the CCPA. If Avalara determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA or its implementing regulations, it will notify Customer. Avalara understands the restrictions in this Section 6 and certifies it will comply with the same. If Avalara receives deidentified Services Data, Avalara will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by the CCPA .
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other jurisdictions as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara
processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA
here
or at
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhCV_CIBj5a1as7z3LRaE7FGGqhHIxcUIjcIf_NosDnnyU3iUwU0Zt1GwhoPnVcBSuQ*
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Lanchester House
3
rd
Floor
Trafalgar Place
Brighton BN1 4FU
United Kingdom
Exhibit 1
SECURITY
Avalara maintains the following technical and organisation measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyse, prioritise, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorised access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorised individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organisation's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Effective November 1st 2023
to
November 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This A
valara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement (“
DPA
”)
is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara Europe Ltd. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this DPA conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organisations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. “
Services Data
” means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorised users (“
Authorised Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data. Services Data is disclosed by Customer to Avalara only for the limited and specified business purposes of assisting Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations. Avalara does not use, retain, or disclose Services Data, except: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organisational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Exhibit 1 (“
Security
”). Avalara may update and modify Exhibit 1 from time to time, provided that Avalara shall not materially reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Customer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara, (b) make available to Customer all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with any mandatory privacy laws imposed on Customer or to conduct or document data protection assessments required by such laws, and (c) enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers. This includes a right for Customer to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Avalara uses the Services Data in a manner consistent with Customer's legal obligations and the right, upon notice, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Services Data
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorised access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross
‐
Context Behavioral Advertising; Compliance with the CCPA
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services, or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers under the CCPA.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other jurisdictions as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara
processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
(b) ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
(c) takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
(d) respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
(e) taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
(f) assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
(g) at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
(h) makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA
here
or at
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhCV_CIBj5a1as7z3LRaE7FGGqhHIxcUIjcIf_NosDnnyU3iUwU0Zt1GwhoPnVcBSuQ*
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Lanchester House
3
rd
Floor
Trafalgar Place
Brighton BN1 4FU
United Kingdom
Exhibit 1
SECURITY
Avalara maintains the following technical and organisation measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyse, prioritise, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorised access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorised individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organisation's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Effective October 26th 2023
to
November 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last updated August 8, 2022
This DPA is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara Europe Ltd. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this Avalara Europe Ltd. Services Data Processing Agreement (“
DPA
”) conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organisations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. Services Data means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorised users (“
Authorised Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
1.
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data. Avalara does not use Services Data, except: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated.
2.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organisational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Exhibit 1 (“
Security
”). Avalara may update and modify Exhibit 1 from time to time, provided that Avalara must not reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent or with 90 days prior written notice.
3.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Customer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara, and (b) enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
4.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers.
5.
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorised access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
6.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross‐Context Behavioral Advertising
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services, or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers under the CCPA.
7.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other countries as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara
(a) processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
(b) ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
(c) takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
(d) respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
(e) taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
(f) assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
(g) at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
(h) makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
8.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA at
here
or
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhB05c1e2iTcpxkELW8vTvPqk4U8ZyPEAzxTu9ldh7un3AHSdm8-TmV9ovhX8SMAjac
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
9.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara Europe Ltd.
Lanchester House
3
rd
Floor
Trafalgar Place
Brighton BN1 4FU
United Kingdom
EXHIBIT 1:
SECURITY
Avalara maintains the following technical and organisation measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorised access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyse, prioritise, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorised access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorised individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organisation's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Effective October 15th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
(“
DPA
”)
is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara, Inc. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this DPA conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organizations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. “
Services Data
” means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorized users (“
Authorized Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data.
Services Data is disclosed by Customer to Avalara only for the limited and specified business purposes of assisting Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations.
Avalara does not use
, retain, or disclose
Services Data, exc
ept: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated, subject to applicable law.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organizational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Avalara’s Technical and Organisational Measures in Exhibit 1, Annex II (“
TOMs
”). Avalara may update and modify its TOMs from time to time, provided that Avalara shall not materially reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Custo
mer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara and
(b)
enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer
can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers. This includes a right for Customer to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Avalara uses the Services Data in a manner consistent with Customer's legal obligations and the right, upon notice, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Services Data.
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorized access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross
‐
Context Behavioral Advertising
;
Compliance with the CCPA
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers or contractors under the CCPA. Avalara will comply with the obligations on service providers under the CCPA and provide the same level of privacy protections required of Customer under the CCPA. If Avalara determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA or its implementing regulations, it will notify Customer. Avalara understands the restrictions in this Section 6 and certifies it will comply with the same. If Avalara receives deidentified Services Data, Avalara will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by the CCPA.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other jurisdictions as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara:
processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
: For Services Data that is subject to the GDPR, Avalara complies with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for international transfers in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 (EU SCCs) for the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), Modules 1-3 as noted below, in
Exhibit 1
. Under such EU SCCs, Customer will act as data exporter. Customer may be based within or outside the EEA. Customer may receive personal data from the EEA as a controller and as a processor under separate agreements. Avalara is based outside the EEA, acts as data importer, provides services to data exporter under separate commercial agreement(s) and agrees to the EU SCCs as a processor or sub-processor under Modules 2 and 3. Data exporter will provide all relevant instructions under Module 2 (as the controller) and under Module 3 (on the controller’s behalf). Customer instructs Avalara to provide Avalara’s standard services as described in Avalara’s commercial terms and service descriptions. For limited business contact information concerning individual representatives who provide instructions to Avalara, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as a controller under Module 1.
Switzerland
: For transfers of Services Data from Switzerland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 subject to the following amendments:  The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner is the competent supervisory authority in so far as the data transfer falls under Swiss law. Switzerland is also to be considered as a Member State within the meaning of the EU SCCs so that data subjects can file claims according to clause 18c of the EU SCCs at their habitual residence in Switzerland. Until the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection enters into force that does no longer protect data of legal persons but only data of natural persons, the EU SCCs also applies to data of legal persons.
United Kingdom
: With respect to transfers of Services Data from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regimes under all laws relating to data protection, the processing of personal data, privacy and/or electronic communications in force from time to time in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 2
. Any conflicts between the EU SCCs and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs shall be resolved as provided in the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA at
here
or
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhDjdoPrd_VbexJ4FZiqWiIRPUfxmjUSdJ4zZrK0UtHVNV_5dy9HD28JAMepyhq1bw8*
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara, Inc.
Suite 100
512 S Mangum St.
Durham, NC 27701, USA
Exhibit 1
STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES
The EU SCCs, modules 1-3, available at
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) | European Commission (europa.eu)
or on a successor website designated by the EU commission, are incorporated herein by reference. Customer will provide all instructions under these EU SCCs as the controller and on the controller’s behalf.
Where the EU SCCs require that the parties make an election, the parties make the elections reflected below. Any optional clauses in the EU SCCs not expressly selected below are omitted from this DPA.
for purposes of Clause 9 of the EU SCCs, Option 2 (‘General authorization’) shall apply and Avalara shall inform customer in writing of any intended changes to sub-processors at least 30 days in advance;
in Clause 11 (a) of the EU SCCs, the optional language shall be deleted; and
for purposes of Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the EU SCCs, the Member State for purposes of governing law, forum and jurisdiction shall be Luxembourg.
Annex I
A. LIST OF PARTIES
For purposes of Annex 1.A (List of Parties) of the EU SCCs: (i) Avalara processes personal data to provide Services to Customer and Avalara shall be the ‘data importer’; and (ii) Customer shall be the ‘data exporter’. Avalara can be contacted through the Avalara Global Privacy Office at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
. Customer provides personal data to Avalara to obtain Avalara’s Services and can be contacted through the contact information provided by Customer to Avalara.
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
For the details of the processing of personal data required for Annex 1.B of the EU SCCs, see below:
MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Individual employees and representatives of data exporter who instruct data importer, send purchase orders, process invoices, arrange for payment, make support calls, use data importer's services, and otherwise do business with data importer.
Categories of personal data transferred
Business contact information, service usage, payment status and other information relating to how data exporter uses data importer's services.
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures
Sensitive data is not transferred on a controller-to-controller basis.
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous
as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Data importer uses data as a controller to do business with data exporter, sell services, issue invoices, provide technical support, perform services, address customer questions, improve services and develop new services and offerings.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Communications and business collaboration between data exporter and data importer.
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
For the term of the contract and so long as data importer markets additional services to data exporter.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Same as above.
MODULE TWO AND THREE: Transfer controller and processor to processor
Categori
es
Tax Calculation
Return Preparation
Tax Identification Registration
Fiscal Representation
Document Management
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Customer’s customers
Customer if it is a sole traders/proprietor using personal contact information for its business; Customer’s Authorized Users
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s contact details; Customer’s customers
Categories of personal data transferred
Delivery addresses, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships, names, access credentials
Tax identifier for sole traders/proprietorship, names and contact details, access credentials for Authorized Users
Names and contact details of owners and directors as required by regulatory authorities, including proof of identification and date of birth
Names and contact details, proof of identification, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Names and contact details, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures.
None
None
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
None
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Calculating various types of tax
Preparing and filing tax returns
Registering Customer to collect and remit various tax types
Providing Fiscal Representation services
Using and managing tax related documents
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
Unless deletion is requested by the controller, the data will be processed until the end of applicable tax or regulatory audit periods.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Processor uses subprocessors for certain hosting, support, logging, monitoring, warehousing, infrastructure, and analytics purposes
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
For purposes of Clause 13 and Annex 1.C of the EU SCCs, where no competent supervisory authority is identified through the rules of such Clause 13, the competent supervisory authority is the authority in Luxembourg.
Annex II
TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES INCLUDING TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE DATA
For the purposes of Annex 2 of the EU SCCs, the technical and organizational measures implemented by Avalara are as described below.
Avalara maintains the following technical and organization measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyze, prioritize, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorized access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorized individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organization's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Annex III
LIST OF SUB-PROCESSORS
MODULE TWO: Transfer controller to processor
MODULE THREE: Transfer processor to processor
The controller has provided general authorisation for the engagement of subprocessors from an agreed list, available at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Exhibit 2
The International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK addendum”), available at
International data transfer agreement and guidance | ICO
or on a successor website designated by the UK ICO, are incorporated herein by reference.
The parties are as reflected in the signature block to this DPA.
The parties select the version of the approved EU SCCs referenced in section 8 of this DPA including the appendix information which is as described in
Exhibit 1
.
The appendix information in table 3 of the UK addendum is as set out in the annexes to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 1
.
The list of sub processors is as provided at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Either party may end the UK addendum as set out in section 19 of the same.
Effective November 15th 2023
to
October 15th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
(“
DPA
”)
is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara, Inc. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this DPA conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organizations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. “
Services Data
” means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorized users (“
Authorized Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data.
Services Data is disclosed by Customer to Avalara only for the limited and specified business purposes of assisting Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations.
Avalara does not use
, retain, or disclose
Services Data, exc
ept: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated, subject to applicable law.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organizational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Avalara’s Technical and Organisational Measures in Exhibit 1, Annex II (“
TOMs
”). Avalara may update and modify its TOMs from time to time, provided that Avalara shall not materially reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Custo
mer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara and
(b)
enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer
can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers. This includes a right for Customer to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Avalara uses the Services Data in a manner consistent with Customer's legal obligations and the right, upon notice, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Services Data.
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorized access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross
‐
Context Behavioral Advertising
;
Compliance with the CCPA
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers or contractors under the CCPA. Avalara will comply with the obligations on service providers under the CCPA and provide the same level of privacy protections required of Customer under the CCPA. If Avalara determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA or its implementing regulations, it will notify Customer. Avalara understands the restrictions in this Section 6 and certifies it will comply with the same. If Avalara receives deidentified Services Data, Avalara will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by the CCPA.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other jurisdictions as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara:
processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
: For Services Data that is subject to the GDPR, Avalara complies with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for international transfers in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 (EU SCCs) for the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), Modules 1-3 as noted below, in
Exhibit 1
. Under such EU SCCs, Customer will act as data exporter. Customer may be based within or outside the EEA. Customer may receive personal data from the EEA as a controller and as a processor under separate agreements. Avalara is based outside the EEA, acts as data importer, provides services to data exporter under separate commercial agreement(s) and agrees to the EU SCCs as a processor or sub-processor under Modules 2 and 3. Data exporter will provide all relevant instructions under Module 2 (as the controller) and under Module 3 (on the controller’s behalf). Customer instruct Avalara to provide Avalara’s standard services as described in Avalara’s commercial terms and service descriptions. For limited business contact information concerning individual representatives who provide instructions to Avalara, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as a controller under Module 1.
Switzerland
: For transfers of Services Data from Switzerland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 subject to the following amendments:  The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner is the competent supervisory authority in so far as the data transfer falls under Swiss law. Switzerland is also to be considered as a Member State within the meaning of the EU SCCs so that data subjects can file claims according to clause 18c of the EU SCCs at their habitual residence in Switzerland. Until the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection enters into force that does no longer protect data of legal persons but only data of natural persons, the EU SCCs also applies to data of legal persons.
United Kingdom
: With respect to transfers of Services Data from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regimes under all laws relating to data protection, the processing of personal data, privacy and/or electronic communications in force from time to time in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 2
. Any conflicts between the EU SCCs and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs shall be resolved as provided in the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA at
here
or
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhDjdoPrd_VbexJ4FZiqWiIRPUfxmjUSdJ4zZrK0UtHVNV_5dy9HD28JAMepyhq1bw8*
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara, Inc.
Suite 1800
255 South King Street
Seattle, WA 98104, USA
Exhibit 1
STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES
The EU SCCs, modules 1-3, available at
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) | European Commission (europa.eu)
or on a successor website designated by the EU commission, are incorporated herein by reference. Customer will provide all instructions under these EU SCCs as the controller and on the controller’s behalf.
Where the EU SCCs require that the parties make an election, the parties make the elections reflected below. Any optional clauses in the EU SCCs not expressly selected below are omitted from this DPA.
for purposes of Clause 9 of the EU SCCs, Option 2 (‘General authorization’) shall apply and Avalara shall inform customer in writing of any intended changes to sub-processors at least 30 days in advance;
in Clause 11 (a) of the EU SCCs, the optional language shall be deleted; and
for purposes of Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the EU SCCs, the Member State for purposes of governing law, forum and jurisdiction shall be Luxembourg.
Annex I
A. LIST OF PARTIES
For purposes of Annex 1.A (List of Parties) of the EU SCCs: (i) Avalara processes personal data to provide Services to Customer and Avalara shall be the ‘data importer’; and (ii) Customer shall be the ‘data exporter’. Avalara can be contacted through the Avalara Global Privacy Office at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
. Customer provides personal data to Avalara to obtain Avalara’s Services and can be contacted through the contact information provided by Customer to Avalara.
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
For the details of the processing of personal data required for Annex 1.B of the EU SCCs, see below:
MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Individual employees and representatives of data exporter who instruct data importer, send purchase orders, process invoices, arrange for payment, make support calls, use data importer's services, and otherwise do business with data importer.
Categories of personal data transferred
Business contact information, service usage, payment status and other information relating to how data exporter uses data importer's services.
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures
Sensitive data is not transferred on a controller-to-controller basis.
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous
as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Data importer uses data as a controller to do business with data exporter, sell services, issue invoices, provide technical support, perform services, address customer questions, improve services and develop new services and offerings.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Communications and business collaboration between data exporter and data importer.
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
For the term of the contract and so long as data importer markets additional services to data exporter.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Same as above.
MODULE TWO AND THREE: Transfer controller and processor to processor
Categori
es
Tax Calculation
Return Preparation
Tax Identification Registration
Fiscal Representation
Document Management
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Customer’s customers
Customer if it is a sole traders/proprietor using personal contact information for its business; Customer’s Authorized Users
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s contact details; Customer’s customers
Categories of personal data transferred
Delivery addresses, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships, names, access credentials
Tax identifier for sole traders/proprietorship, names and contact details, access credentials for Authorized Users
Names and contact details of owners and directors as required by regulatory authorities, including proof of identification and date of birth
Names and contact details, proof of identification, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Names and contact details, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures.
None
None
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
None
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Calculating various types of tax
Preparing and filing tax returns
Registering Customer to collect and remit various tax types
Providing Fiscal Representation services
Using and managing tax related documents
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
Unless deletion is requested by the controller, the data will be processed until the end of applicable tax or regulatory audit periods.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Processor uses subprocessors for certain hosting, support, logging, monitoring, warehousing, infrastructure, and analytics purposes
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
For purposes of Clause 13 and Annex 1.C of the EU SCCs, where no competent supervisory authority is identified through the rules of such Clause 13, the competent supervisory authority is the authority in Luxembourg.
Annex II
TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES INCLUDING TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE DATA
For the purposes of Annex 2 of the EU SCCs, the technical and organizational measures implemented by Avalara are as described below.
Avalara maintains the following technical and organization measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyze, prioritize, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorized access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorized individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organization's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Annex III
LIST OF SUB-PROCESSORS
MODULE TWO: Transfer controller to processor
MODULE THREE: Transfer processor to processor
The controller has provided general authorisation for the engagement of subprocessors from an agreed list, available at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Exhibit 2
The International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK addendum”), available at
International data transfer agreement and guidance | ICO
or on a successor website designated by the UK ICO, are incorporated herein by reference.
The parties are as reflected in the signature block to this DPA.
The parties select the version of the approved EU SCCs referenced in section 8 of this DPA including the appendix information which is as described in
Exhibit 1
.
The appendix information in table 3 of the UK addendum is as set out in the annexes to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 1
.
The list of sub processors is as provided at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Either party may end the UK addendum as set out in section 19 of the same.
Effective November 1st 2023
to
November 15th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
This Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement
(“
DPA
”)
is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara, Inc. (“
Avalara
” or “
us
” or “
our
”) and Customer. If a provision of this DPA conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organizations (“
Customer
”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. “
Services Data
” means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorized users (“
Authorized Users
”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“
Contract
”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“
Services
”).
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data.
Services Data is disclosed by Customer to Avalara only for the limited and specified business purposes of assisting Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations.
Avalara does not use
, retain, or disclose
Services Data, exc
ept: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated, subject to applicable law.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organizational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Avalara’s Technical and Organisational Measures in Exhibit 1, Annex II (“
TOMs
”). Avalara may update and modify its TOMs from time to time, provided that Avalara shall not materially reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Custo
mer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara,
(b) make available to Customer all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with any mandatory privacy laws imposed on Customer or to conduct or document data protection assessments required by such laws,
and (c) enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer
can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers. This includes a right for Customer to take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that Avalara uses the Services Data in a manner consistent with Customer's legal obligations and the right, upon notice, to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized use of Services Data.
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorized access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross
‐
Context Behavioral Advertising
;
Compliance with the CCPA
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers or contractors under the CCPA. Avalara will comply with the obligations on service providers under the CCPA and provide the same level of privacy protections required of Customer under the CCPA. If Avalara determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA or its implementing regulations, it will notify Customer. Avalara understands the restrictions in this section 6 and certifies it will comply with the same. If Avalara receives deidentified Services Data, Avalara will not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted by the CCPA.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other jurisdictions as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara:
processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
: For Services Data that is subject to the GDPR, Avalara complies with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for international transfers in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 (EU SCCs) for the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), Modules 1-3 as noted below, in
Exhibit 1
. Under such EU SCCs, Customer will act as data exporter. Customer may be based within or outside the EEA. Customer may receive personal data from the EEA as a controller and as a processor under separate agreements. Avalara is based outside the EEA, acts as data importer, provides services to data exporter under separate commercial agreement(s) and agrees to the EU SCCs as a processor or sub-processor under Modules 2 and 3. Data exporter will provide all relevant instructions under Module 2 (as the controller) and under Module 3 (on the controller’s behalf). Customer instruct Avalara to provide Avalara’s standard services as described in Avalara’s commercial terms and service descriptions. For limited business contact information concerning individual representatives who provide instructions to Avalara, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as a controller under Module 1.
Switzerland
: For transfers of Services Data from Switzerland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 subject to the following amendments:  The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner is the competent supervisory authority in so far as the data transfer falls under Swiss law. Switzerland is also to be considered as a Member State within the meaning of the EU SCCs so that data subjects can file claims according to clause 18c of the EU SCCs at their habitual residence in Switzerland. Until the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection enters into force that does no longer protect data of legal persons but only data of natural persons, the EU SCCs also applies to data of legal persons.
United Kingdom
: With respect to transfers of Services Data from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regimes under all laws relating to data protection, the processing of personal data, privacy and/or electronic communications in force from time to time in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 2
. Any conflicts between the EU SCCs and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs shall be resolved as provided in the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA at
here
or
https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhDjdoPrd_VbexJ4FZiqWiIRPUfxmjUSdJ4zZrK0UtHVNV_5dy9HD28JAMepyhq1bw8*
. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara, Inc.
Suite 1800
255 South King Street
Seattle, WA 98104, USA
Exhibit 1
STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES
The EU SCCs, modules 1-3, available at
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) | European Commission (europa.eu)
or on a successor website designated by the EU commission, are incorporated herein by reference. Customer will provide all instructions under these EU SCCs as the controller and on the controller’s behalf.
Where the EU SCCs require that the parties make an election, the parties make the elections reflected below. Any optional clauses in the EU SCCs not expressly selected below are omitted from this DPA.
for purposes of Clause 9 of the EU SCCs, Option 2 (‘General authorization’) shall apply and Avalara shall inform customer in writing of any intended changes to sub-processors at least 30 days in advance;
in Clause 11 (a) of the EU SCCs, the optional language shall be deleted; and
for purposes of Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the EU SCCs, the Member State for purposes of governing law, forum and jurisdiction shall be Luxembourg.
Annex I
A. LIST OF PARTIES
For purposes of Annex 1.A (List of Parties) of the EU SCCs: (i) Avalara processes personal data to provide Services to Customer and Avalara shall be the ‘data importer’; and (ii) Customer shall be the ‘data exporter’. Avalara can be contacted through the Avalara Global Privacy Office at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
. Customer provides personal data to Avalara to obtain Avalara’s Services and can be contacted through the contact information provided by Customer to Avalara.
B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
For the details of the processing of personal data required for Annex 1.B of the EU SCCs, see below:
MODULE ONE: Transfer controller to controller
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Individual employees and representatives of data exporter who instruct data importer, send purchase orders, process invoices, arrange for payment, make support calls, use data importer's services, and otherwise do business with data importer.
Categories of personal data transferred
Business contact information, service usage, payment status and other information relating to how data exporter uses data importer's services.
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures
Sensitive data is not transferred on a controller-to-controller basis.
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous
as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Data importer uses data as a controller to do business with data exporter, sell services, issue invoices, provide technical support, perform services, address customer questions, improve services and develop new services and offerings.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Communications and business collaboration between data exporter and data importer.
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
For the term of the contract and so long as data importer markets additional services to data exporter.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Same as above.
MODULE TWO AND THREE: Transfer controller and processor to processor
Categori
es
Tax Calculation
Return Preparation
Tax Identification Registration
Fiscal Representation
Document Management
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Customer’s customers
Customer if it is a sole traders/proprietor using personal contact information for its business; Customer’s Authorized Users
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s contact details; Customer’s customers
Categories of personal data transferred
Delivery addresses, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships, names, access credentials
Tax identifier for sole traders/proprietorship, names and contact details, access credentials for Authorized Users
Names and contact details of owners and directors as required by regulatory authorities, including proof of identification and date of birth
Names and contact details, proof of identification, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Names and contact details, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures.
None
None
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
None
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Calculating various types of tax
Preparing and filing tax returns
Registering Customer to collect and remit various tax types
Providing Fiscal Representation services
Using and managing tax related documents
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
Unless deletion is requested by the controller, the data will be processed until the end of applicable tax or regulatory audit periods.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Processor uses subprocessors for certain hosting, support, logging, monitoring, warehousing, infrastructure, and analytics purposes
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
For purposes of Clause 13 and Annex 1.C of the EU SCCs, where no competent supervisory authority is identified through the rules of such Clause 13, the competent supervisory authority is the authority in Luxembourg.
Annex II
TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES INCLUDING TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE DATA
For the purposes of Annex 2 of the EU SCCs, the technical and organizational measures implemented by Avalara are as described below.
Avalara maintains the following technical and organization measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyze, prioritize, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorized access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorized individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organization's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Annex III
LIST OF SUB-PROCESSORS
MODULE TWO: Transfer controller to processor
MODULE THREE: Transfer processor to processor
The controller has provided general authorisation for the engagement of subprocessors from an agreed list, available at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Exhibit 2
The International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK addendum”), available at
International data transfer agreement and guidance | ICO
or on a successor website designated by the UK ICO, are incorporated herein by reference.
The parties are as reflected in the signature block to this DPA.
The parties select the version of the approved EU SCCs referenced in section 8 of this DPA including the appendix information which is as described in
Exhibit 1
.
The appendix information in table 3 of the UK addendum is as set out in the annexes to the EU SCCs in
Exhibit 1
.
The list of sub processors is as provided at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Either party may end the UK addendum as set out in section 19 of the same.
Effective October 26th 2023
to
November 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last updated February 14, 2023
This DPA is incorporated into the Contract between Avalara, Inc. (“Avalara” or “us” or “our”) and Customer. If a provision of this Avalara, Inc. Services Data Processing Agreement (“DPA”) conflicts with a provision of the Contract, the provision in this DPA governs. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined in this DPA have the meanings provided in the Contract.
Except as amended by this DPA, the Contract will remain in full force and effect.
To the extent that the terms of this DPA and the Contract conflict, the terms of this DPA prevail.
This DPA will automatically expire on the termination or expiration of the Contract.
Avalara serves enterprises, public sector entities and other organizations (“Customer”) and protects Services Data in compliance with the terms of this DPA. Services Data means personal data relating to named or identifiable individuals that Customer’s authorized users (“Authorized Users”) provide in compliance with applicable law and our applicable service agreements or other commercial contract terms (“Contract”) when Customer uses our service offerings and related data processing services as described in our data sheets, service specifications, and other technical documentation, as amended from time to time (“Services”).
1.
Control and Ownership
. Customer owns and controls all Services Data. Avalara does not use Services Data, except: (a) in the interest and on behalf of Customer; (b) as necessary to provide the Services, or (c) as contemplated or directed by the Contract. Avalara returns or deletes Services Data at Customer’s request, as agreed in the Contract, or after the Contract expires or is terminated, subject to applicable law.
2.
Security
. Avalara applies technical, administrative and organizational data security measures that meet or exceed the requirements described in Avalara’s Technical and Organisational Measures in Exhibit 1, Annex II (“TOMs”). Avalara may update and modify its TOMs from time to time, provided that Avalara must not reduce the level of security provided thereunder, except with Customer’s consent or with 90 days prior written notice.
3.
Cooperation with Compliance Obligations
. At Customer’s reasonable request, Avalara will (a) reasonably assist Customer with data access, deletion, portability and other requests, subject to compensation for any custom efforts required of Avalara, and (b) enter into additional contractual agreements to meet specific requirements that are imposed by mandatory laws on Customer pertaining to Services Data and that, due to their nature, can only be satisfied by Avalara in its role as service provider or that Customer specifically explains and assigns to Avalara in an addendum or amendment to the applicable Contract, subject to additional cost reimbursement or fees as appropriate. If Customer can no longer legally use Avalara’s products due to changes in law or technology, Avalara shall allow Customer to terminate certain or all contracts and provide transition or migration assistance as reasonably required, subject to termination charges and fees as mutually agreed in good faith by the parties.
4.
Submit to Audits
. Avalara submits to reasonable data security and privacy compliance audits subject to reasonable precautions and safeguards for the data of other customers.
5.
Notify Breaches
. Avalara notifies Customer of unauthorized access to Services Data and other security breaches as required by applicable law.
6.
No Information Selling or Sharing for Cross‐Context Behavioral Advertising
. Avalara does not accept or disclose any Services Data as consideration for any payments, services or other items of value. Avalara does not sell or share any Services Data, as the terms “sell” and “share” are defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”). Avalara processes Services Data only for the business purposes specified in the written Contract. Avalara does not retain, use, or disclose Services Data (a) for cross‐context behavioral advertising, or (b) outside the direct business relationship with the Customer. Avalara does not combine Services Data with other data if and to the extent this would be inconsistent with limitations on service providers under the CCPA.
7.
Personal Data subject to the GDPR or similar laws
: With respect to any Services Data that is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or similar laws of other countries as "personal data," Avalara accepts the following obligations as a data importer, processor or sub-processor of Customer and warrants that Avalara:
(a) processes the personal data only on documented instructions from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by European Union or EU Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case, the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of public interest; also, the processor shall immediately inform the controller if, in its opinion, an instruction infringes the GDPR, national data protection laws in the EU or other applicable law;
(b) ensures that persons authorised to process the personal data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality;
(c) takes all measures required pursuant to Article 32 of the GDPR (security of processing);
(d) respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and 4 of Article 28 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
(e) taking into account the nature of the processing, assists the controller by appropriate technical and organisational measures, insofar as this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in Chapter III of the GDPR, including, without limitation, right to access, rectification, erasure and portability of the data subject's personal data; (for the avoidance of doubt, processor shall only assist and enable controller to meet controller’s obligations to satisfy data subjects' rights, but processor shall not respond directly to data subjects)
(f) assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the obligations pursuant to Articles 32 to 36 of the GDPR (Security of personal data) taking into account the nature of processing and the information available to the processor;
(g) at the choice of the controller, deletes or returns all the personal data to the controller after the end of the provision of services relating to processing, and deletes existing copies unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
(h) makes available to the controller all information necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article 28 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections, conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
8.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
: For Services Data that is subject to the GDPR, Avalara complies with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for international transfers in Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 (EU SCCs) for the transfer of personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), Modules 1-3 as noted below, in Exhibit 1. Under such EU SCCs, Customer will act as data exporter. Customer may be based within or outside the EEA. Customer may receive personal data from the EEA as a controller and as a processor under separate agreements. Avalara is based outside the EEA, acts as data importer, provides services to data exporter under separate commercial agreement(s) and agrees to the EU SCCs as a processor or sub-processor under Modules 2 and 3. Data exporter will provide all relevant instructions under Module 2 (as the controller) and under Module 3 (on the controller’s behalf). Customer instruct Avalara to provide Avalara’s standard services as described in Avalara’s commercial terms and service descriptions. For limited business contact information concerning individual representatives who provide instructions to Avalara, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as a controller under Module 1.
9.
Switzerland
: For transfers of Services Data from Switzerland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 subject to the following amendments:  The Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner is the competent supervisory authority in so far as the data transfer falls under Swiss law. Switzerland is also to be considered as a Member State within the meaning of the EU SCCs so that data subjects can file claims according to clause 18c of the EU SCCs at their habitual residence in Switzerland. Until the revised Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection enters into force that does no longer protect data of legal persons but only data of natural persons, the EU SCCs also applies to data of legal persons.
10.
United Kingdom
: With respect to transfers of Services Data from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regimes under all laws relating to data protection, the processing of personal data, privacy and/or electronic communications in force from time to time in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Avalara agrees to the EU SCCs as set out in Section 8 and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs in Exhibit 2. Any conflicts between the EU SCCs and the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs shall be resolved as provided in the International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs.
11.
Integration
. This DPA is binding after a Contract has been signed between Avalara and Customer, and Customer may collect a signed copy of this DPA at
here
or https://avalara.na1.echosign.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhD8qGCX455w96VKreWqVy5W0RbQ_E1XtKdKuZpn1hVkh8z3XJDKKePI-McnHEXenqA*. This DPA shall not create third party beneficiary rights. Avalara does not accept or submit to additional requirements relating to Services Data, except as specifically and expressly agreed in writing with explicit reference to the Contract and this DPA.
12.
Notice
. Avalara shall provide Customer with legal notices in writing by email, mail, or courier to the address provided by Customer. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices to Avalara must be in writing and sent as follows:
Email:
DataPrivacy@avalara.com
Attn: Legal Department
Avalara, Inc.
Suite 1800
255 South King Street
Seattle, WA 98104, USA
EXHIBIT 1
:
STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES
The EU SCCs, modules 1-3, available at
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) | European Commission (europa.eu)
or on a successor website designated by the EU commission, are incorporated herein by reference. Customer will provide all instructions under these EU SCCs as the controller and on the controller’s behalf.
Where the EU SCCs require that the parties make an election, the parties make the elections reflected below. Any optional clauses in the EU SCCs not expressly selected below are omitted from this DPA.
for purposes of Clause 9 of the EU SCCs, Option 2 (‘General authorization’) shall apply and Avalara shall inform customer in writing of any intended changes to sub-processors at least 30 days in advance;
in Clause 11 (a) of the EU SCCs, the optional language shall be deleted; and
for purposes of Clause 17 and Clause 18 of the EU SCCs, the Member State for purposes of governing law, forum and jurisdiction shall be Luxembourg.
Annex I
A
.
LIST OF PARTIES
For purposes of Annex 1.A (List of Parties) of the EU SCCs: (i) Avalara processes personal data to provide Services to Customer and Avalara shall be the ‘data importer’; and (ii) Customer shall be the ‘data exporter’. Avalara can be contacted through the Avalara Global Privacy Office at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
. Customer provides personal data to Avalara to obtain Avalara’s Services and can be contacted through the contact information provided by Customer to Avalara.
B
.
DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER
For the details of the processing of personal data required for Annex 1.B of the EU SCCs, see below:
MODULE ONE
:
Transfer controller to controller
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Individual employees and representatives of data exporter who instruct data importer, send purchase orders, process invoices, arrange for payment, make support calls, use data importer's services, and otherwise do business with data importer.
Categories of personal data transferred
Business contact information, service usage, payment status and other information relating to how data exporter uses data importer's services.
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures
Sensitive data is not transferred on a controller-to-controller basis.
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Data importer uses data as a controller to do business with data exporter, sell services, issue invoices, provide technical support, perform services, address customer questions, improve services and develop new services and offerings.
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Communications and business collaboration between data exporter and data importer.
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
For the term of the contract and so long as data importer markets additional services to data exporter.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Same as above.
MODULE TWO AND THREE
:
Transfer controller and processor to processor
Categories
Tax Calculation
Return Preparation
Tax Identification Registration
Fiscal Representation
Document Management
Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred
Customer’s customers
Customer if it is a sole traders/proprietor using personal contact information for its business; Customer’s Authorized Users
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s owners and directors
Customer’s contact details; Customer’s customers
Categories of personal data transferred
Delivery addresses, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships, names, access credentials
Tax identifier for sole traders/proprietorship, names and contact details, access credentials for Authorized Users
Names and contact details of owners and directors as required by regulatory authorities, including proof of identification and date of birth
Names and contact details, proof of identification, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Names and contact details, tax identifiers for sole traders/proprietorships
Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures.
None
None
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
Passport images, which could include racial, ethnic, or religious information; access to data is subject to roles-based access controls
None
The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis)
Continuous as initiated by customer in each case as part of each tax or regulatory audit period during which customer contracts for Avalara’s Services.
Nature of the processing
Calculating various types of tax
Preparing and filing tax returns
Registering Customer to collect and remit various tax types
Providing Fiscal Representation services
Using and managing tax related documents
Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax and financial obligations
Assist Customer in complying with tax obligations
The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
Unless deletion is requested by the controller, the data will be processed until the end of applicable tax or regulatory audit periods.
For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing
Processor uses subprocessors for certain hosting, support, logging, monitoring, warehousing, infrastructure, and analytics purposes
C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
For purposes of Clause 13 and Annex 1.C of the EU SCCs, where no competent supervisory authority is identified through the rules of such Clause 13, the competent supervisory authority is the authority in Luxembourg.
Annex II
TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES INCLUDING TECHNICAL AND ORGANIZATIONAL MEASURES TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE DATA
For the purposes of Annex 2 of the EU SCCs, the technical and organizational measures implemented by Avalara are as described below.
Avalara maintains the following technical and organization measures:
Avalara maintains a written security program under which Avalara periodically evaluates risks to Customer Data and maintains commercially reasonable technical, and physical safeguards to protect Customer Data against accidental or unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, destruction, or alteration. Avalara regularly evaluates the scope and coverage of the Security Program.
Avalara teams classify and handle data using technical controls described below to ensure its integrity, availability, and confidentiality.
Avalara maintains a central inventory of assets where the asset custodian is responsible for classifying and maintaining the asset and ensuring the use of the asset complies with the security program.
Avalara maintains standards for user authentication, access provisioning, de-provisioning, performing periodic access reviews and restricting administrative access to ensure access is granted based on the principle of least privilege.
Avalara maintains standards for segregation of network services and devices to ensure unrelated portions of the network are isolated from each other.
Avalara maintains network zones and applies ingress and egress standards for the protection of data.
Avalara systems encrypt data at rest and in transit between the Avalara networks and its customers to ensure integrity, security, and confidentiality of customer data.
Avalara maintains processes to securely generate, store and manage encryption keys that prevent loss, theft, or compromise.
Avalara maintains physical access controls to restrict entry to Avalara facilities. Physical controls may include badge readers, security personnel, staff supervision, video cameras, and other tools.
Avalara maintains processes for retaining and securely deleting data no longer than necessary to provide its services.
Direct database access is restricted using the corporate VPN. This can only be accessed via Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara has disabled the ability to write data to USB mass storage devices on all Avalara issued computing equipment.
Avalara maintains a Software Management Standard that defines software and services which are approved, acceptable, or prohibited to be used by Avalara personnel.
Avalara monitors its applications and systems for vulnerabilities on a periodic basis. Identified vulnerabilities are remediated by taking actions to close them in a timely manner.
Avalara maintains an incident response program to detect, analyze, prioritize, and handle cyber security events and incidents to prevent, detect, and deter the unauthorized access, loss, compromise, disclosure, modification, or destruction of Avalara’s electronic data assets and information, including personal information.
Avalara performs root cause analyses for incidents based on the nature of the incident, to identify, document, and eliminate the cause of an incident and to prevent the issue from recurring. Changes to the Avalara Incident Response Plan and standard operating procedures is also part of this review.
Security and audit logs are fed to the SIEM daily and retained for a period of one year. These logs cannot be modified by anyone.
Daily recoverable backups of critical data are configured to be performed and replicated to a secondary location.
Avalara maintains a Security Infraction Management Policy that describes how Avalara treats security incidents that result from deviations from Avalara’s security policies, standards, and procedures.
Avalara maintains standards for making changes to applications, including customer-facing applications, by ensuring they are tested and approved by appropriate individuals before they are moved to production. Access to make production changes is restricted to authorized individuals.
Avalara has established logical separation between production and lower environments.
Avalara ensures test data is selected and handled in accordance with the technical controls specified in this document.
All Avalara personnel must undergo the mandatory security awareness training at least annually.
The Avalara Service Terms and Conditions along with the Vendor Security terms document are in place to communicate security commitments with vendors.
The Avalara Security team periodically performs assessments of different systems by conducting phishing simulations, vulnerability scans, and penetration tests.
The Avalara Compliance team periodically performs assessments of key systems. Remediation plans are defined as appropriate for the areas of non-compliance establishing clear ownership and accountability.
The Avalara Risk Management Team periodically conducts risk assessments to identify risks arising from internal and external sources throughout the year to evaluate the organization's control environment. Risk treatment plans are defined, as appropriate, for identified risks including establishing clear ownership and accountability. Risks are monitored to acceptable mitigation according to the Avalara Security Risk Assessment Standard and Process.
Avalara maintains standards for Vendor Risk Management to define requirements for vendor selection, risk assessments with roles and responsibilities, contract lifecycle, exception handling and terminations.
Annex III
LIST OF SUB-PROCESSORS
MODULE TWO
:
Transfer controller to processor
MODULE THREE
:
Transfer processor to processor
The controller has provided general authorisation for the engagement of subprocessors from an agreed list, available at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Exhibit 2
The International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK addendum”), available at
International data transfer agreement and guidance | ICO
or on a successor website designated by the UK ICO, are incorporated herein by reference.
The parties are as reflected in the signature block to this DPA.
The parties select the version of the approved EU SCCs referenced in section 8 of this DPA including the appendix information which is as described in Exhibit 1.
The appendix information in table 3 of the UK addendum is as set out in the annexes to the EU SCCs in Exhibit 1.
The list of sub processors is as provided at
Subprocessors (avalara.com)
.
Either party may end the UK addendum as set out in section 19 of the same.
Effective May 30th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective January 1st 2025
Download
Table of Contents
This notice and policy supplements information contained in the
Privacy Notice
and notices at collection provided by Avalara, Inc. and its corporate business affiliates (“Avalara”) and applies solely to residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) with respect to personal information Avalara processes as a business. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended from time to time, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”) have the same meaning when used in this notice and policy. This notice and policy does not reflect our collection, use, or disclosure of California residents’ personal information, or data subject rights, where an exception or exemption under the CCPA applies.
1.        CCPA RIGHTS
As a California resident, you have the following rights under the CCPA:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The right to delete personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us.
The right to limit our use and disclosure of sensitive personal information to purposes specified in subsection 7027(l) of the CCPA regulations. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in subsection 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, in violation of California Civil Code § 1798.125, including an employee's, applicant's, or independent contractor's right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights
To submit a request to exercise a right, please submit an email request to
dataprivacy@avalara.com
or call our toll-free number at 1-877-814-9390.
You may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our
Cookie Policy
or by implementing the Global Privacy Control.
2.         NOTICE AT COLLECTION ONLINE
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we collect online.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Comply with regulatory obligations.
No
Employment data is retained for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Specifically, real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and account name.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Yes
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity; log data is retained for a minimum of one year; employment data is retained for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically, name, address, telephone number,
passport number,
driver’s license or state identification card number,
social security number, education, employment, employment history, and bank account number.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
No
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity; employment data is retained for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Yes
No more than 140 days
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location using IP addresses
.
Provide and improve services.
Yes
30 days
Professional or employment related information.
Specifically, employer and job title.
Provide and improve services, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, provide material you request, understand your preferences to enhance your experience, and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates.
No
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Contact details and password when users create an account with Avalara's website
No
Lifetime of customer
3.
NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have set out below categories of sensitive personal information about California residents we collect.
Category of sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of sensitive personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Provide services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, including anti-money laundering and know-your-customer obligations, and onboarding processes for hired individuals.
No
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Provide services.
No
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s precise geolocation.
Specifically, a consumer’s precise geolocation within conference spaces.
Event planning and hosting, tracking attendance for CPE reporting, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
No
No more than 140 days.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin,
citizenship or immigration status,
religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Specifically,
racial or ethnic origin and citizenship or immigration status.
Comply with regulatory obligations.
No
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages.
Fraud detection and prevention, and security.
No
To meet our regulatory obligations.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to employee benefits, leave, and accommodations.
Provide services.
No
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
4.         OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLING PRACTICES IN 2024
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months. The table is followed by a description of the purposes for which we collected personal information.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information with reference to CCPA definitions
Categories of third parties to which personal information was disclosed
Business or commercial purpose for disclosure
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Specifically, real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and account name.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also disclose your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also disclose your data to third parties to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically,
name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also disclose your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Specifically,
g
ender
,
marital status, race/ethnicity,
national origin,
gender identity, disability, requests for family care leave, medical leave, pregnancy disability leave, military and veteran status, and age if 40 years or older.
Our service providers, including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, and better understand our employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Specifically, records of products or services purchased including those purchased by employees as work-related expenses.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location information based on IP addresses
and precise geolocation within conference spaces.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Specifically, data
relating to Avalara employees’ use of computers, software, networks, communications devices, and other similar systems that we or our affiliates own or make available to you; or you connect to or use for the purposes of providing services to us or our affiliates; and information relating to your activities on our or our affiliates' premises
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Professional or Employment related information.
Specifically, job information, compensation, benefits, contact information, work history.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Specifically, education history
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, advertising, and fulfill anti-money laundering and know-your-customer obligations.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in, credentials allowing access to an account.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin,
citizenship or immigration status,
religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Specifically,
racial or ethnic origin
and citizenship or immigration status
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages of Avalara employees.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, and to third parties subject to compelled disclosures.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as technical operations and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to receiving employee benefits, leaves, and accommodations.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting Personal Information.
Avalara uses the personal information that it collects to provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, detect and prevent fraud, security, troubleshoot, plan and host events, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Avalara collects such information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. Avalara may collect personal information when you: inquire about one of our services or purchase our services; send an email to Avalara or start a live chat with us; interact with our website, products or services; register for an event or seminar; download content like white papers; create an account with us; and use our mobile services.
Cookies and Other Technologies
. Avalara and its affiliates and trusted third parties may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.
Third Parties, including Service Providers.
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s services.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s services.
5.
COMMITMENT REGARDING DEIDENTIFIED INFORMATION
If we process deidentified information, we will maintain the information in a deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except that we may attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining whether the deidentification processes used satisfy legal requirements.
6.
AUTHORIZED AGENT
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity and the agent provides proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request; and
You directly confirm with Avalara that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know, correct or your right to request deletion, please provide any information Avalara requests to verify your identity. The information that Avalara asks you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
7
.
CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this notice and policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Email address:
dataprivacy@avalara.com
Postal address:  Avalara, Inc., Attention: General Counsel, 512 S Mangum St #100, Durham, NC 27701
Effective April 30th 2024
to
January 1st 2025
Download
Table of Contents
This notice and policy supplements information contained in the
privacy policy
(“Privacy Policy”) and notices at collection provided by Avalara, Inc. and its corporate business affiliates (“Avalara”) and applies solely to residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) with respect to personal information Avalara processes as a business. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended from time to time, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”) have the same meaning when used in this notice and policy. This notice and policy does not reflect our collection, use, or disclosure of California residents’ personal information, or data subject rights, where an exception or exemption under the CCPA applies.
1.        CCPA RIGHTS
As a California resident, you have the following rights under the CCPA:
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The right to delete personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
The right to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
The right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us.
The right to limit our use and disclosure of sensitive personal information to purposes specified in subsection 7027(l) of the CCPA regulations. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in subsection 7027(m) of the CCPA regulations.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, in violation of California Civil Code § 1798.125, including an employee's, applicant's, or independent contractor's right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights
To submit a request to exercise a right, please submit an email request to
dataprivacy@avalara.com
or call our toll-free number at 1-877-814-9390.
You may opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our
Cookie Policy
or by implementing the Global Privacy Control.
2.         NOTICE AT COLLECTION ONLINE
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we collect online.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Specifically, real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and account name.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Yes
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity; log data is retained for a minimum of one year
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically, name, address, telephone number, social security number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, medical information, or health insurance information.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
No
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Yes
No more than 140 days
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location using IP addresses
.
Provide and improve services.
Yes
30 days
Professional or Employment related information.
Specifically, employer and job title.
Provide and improve services, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, to communicate with you, white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, provide material you request, understand your preferences to enhance your experience, and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates.
No
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Contact details and password when users create an account with Avalara's website
No
Lifetime of customer
3.
NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have set out below categories of sensitive personal information about California residents we collect.
Category of sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of sensitive personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Provide services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, including anti-money laundering and know-your-customer obligations, and onboarding processes for hired individuals.
No
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Provide services.
No
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Comply with regulatory obligations.
No
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages.
Fraud detection and prevention, and security.
No
To meet our regulatory obligations.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to employee benefits, leave, and accommodations.
Provide services.
No
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
4.         OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLING PRACTICES IN 2023
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months. The table is followed by a description of the purposes for which we collected personal information.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information with reference to CCPA definitions
Categories of third parties personal information was disclosed to
Business or commercial purpose for disclosure
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also disclose your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also disclose your data to third parties to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information tothird parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically,
name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also disclose your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Specifically,
g
ender
,
marital status, race/ethnicity, gender identity, disability, requests for family care leave, medical leave, pregnancy disability leave, military and veteran status, and age if 40 years or older.
Our service providers, including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, and better understand our employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Specifically, records of products or services purchased including those purchased by employees as work-related expenses.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location information based on IP addresses
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Specifically, data
relating to Avalara employees’ use of computers, software, networks, communications devices, and other similar systems that we or our affiliates own or make available to you; or you connect to or use for the purposes of providing services to us or our affiliates; and information relating to your activities on our or our affiliates' premises
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Professional or Employment related information.
Specifically, job information, compensation, benefits, contact information, work history.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Specifically, education history
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in, credentials allowing access to an account.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Specifically,
racial or ethnic origin.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages of Avalara employees.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, and to third parties subject to compelled disclosures.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as technical operations and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to receiving employee benefits, leaves, and accommodations.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
To service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also
disclose
your data to our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also
disclose
your data to third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also
disclose
your personal information to third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting Personal Information.
Avalara uses the personal information that it collects to provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, detect and prevent fraud, security, troubleshoot, plan and host events, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Avalara collects such information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. Avalara may collect personal information when you: inquire about one of our services or purchase our services; send an email to Avalara or start a live chat with us; interact with our website, products or services; register for an event or seminar; download content like white papers; create an account with us; and use our mobile services.
Cookies and Other Technologies
. Avalara and its affiliates and trusted third parties may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.
Third Parties, including Service Providers.
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s services.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s services.
5.
COMMITMENT REGARDING DEIDENTIFIED INFORMATION
If we process deidentified information, we will maintain the information in a deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except that we may attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining whether the deidentification processes used satisfy legal requirements.
6.
AUTHORIZED AGENT
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity and the agent provides proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request; and
You directly confirm with Avalara that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know, correct or your right to request deletion, please provide any information Avalara requests to verify your identity. The information that Avalara asks you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
7
.
CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this notice and policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Email address:
dataprivacy@avalara.com
Postal address:  Avalara, Inc., Attention: General Counsel, 255 S. King Street, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98104
Effective January 1st 2024
to
April 30th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
This notice and policy supplements information contained in the
privacy policy
(“Privacy Policy”) and notices at collection provided by Avalara, Inc. and its corporate business affiliates (“Avalara”) and applies solely to residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) with respect to personal information Avalara processes as a business. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended from time to time, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”) have the same meaning when used in this notice and policy. This notice and policy does not reflect our collection, use, or disclosure of California residents’ personal information, or data subject rights, where an exception or exemption under the CCPA applies.
1.         RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION, CORRECTION OF INACCURATE PERSONAL INFORMATION, AND SPECIFIC PIECES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, RIGHT NOT TO RECEIVE DISCRIMINATORY TREATMENT FOR THE EXERCISE OF CCPA RIGHTS
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you specifically and to request the correction and deletion of personal information. To submit a request to exercise a right, please submit an email request to
dataprivacy@avalara.com
or call our toll-free number at 1-877-814-9390.
Avalara may ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. Avalara will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
When a business sells your personal information or shares it for cross context behavioural advertising, you have a right to opt out of such sale or sharing. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share for cross context behavioral advertising, the personal information of California resident consumers under 16 years of age.
When a business uses or discloses sensitive personal information for reasons triggering an opt out right under the CCPA, you have the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive information by the business. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes triggering a right to limit under the CCPA.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by a business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA in violation of California Civil Code § 1798.125, including an employee’s, applicant’s, or independent contractor’s right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights.
2.         NOTICE AT COLLECTION ONLINE
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we collect online.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Specifically, real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and account name.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Shared
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity; log data is retained for a minimum of one year
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically, name, address, telephone number, social security number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, medical information, or health insurance information.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Shared
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement.
Provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, troubleshoot, event planning and hosting, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Sold and shared
No more than 140 days
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location using IP addresses
.
Provide and improve services.
Shared
30 days
Professional or Employment related information.
Specifically, employer and job title.
Provide and improve services, event planning and hosting, consider individuals for job opportunities and onboarding processes for hired individuals, to communicate with you, white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, provide material you request, understand your preferences to enhance your experience, and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates.
Shared
Online form data is deleted after five years of inactivity
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Contact details and password when users create an account with Avalara's website
Shared
Lifetime of customer
3.
NOTICE OF COLLECTION OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have set out below categories of sensitive personal information about California residents we collect.
Category of sensitive personal information under CCPA definitions
Purpose for collection and use of sensitive personal information
Sold or shared
Retention time
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Provide services, authenticate for service access, fraud detection and prevention, security, including anti-money laundering and know-your-customer obligations, and onboarding processes for hired individuals.
Shared
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in and credentials allowing access to an account.
Provide services.
Shared
Customer and employee data is kept for the duration of such relationships and to meet our regulatory obligations; with respect to customer data, such obligations may vary by product.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Comply with regulatory obligations.
Shared
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages.
Fraud detection and prevention, and security.
Shared
To meet our regulatory obligations.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to employee benefits, leave, and accommodations.
Provide services.
Shared
The duration of the employment relationship and to meet our regulatory obligations.
4.         OUR PERSONAL INFORMATION HANDLING PRACTICES IN 2023
We have set out below categories of personal information about California residents we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months. The table is followed by a description of the purposes for which we collected personal information.
Category of personal information or sensitive personal information with reference to CCPA definitions
Categories of third parties personal information was disclosed to
Business or commercial purpose for disclosure
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
(The categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records Act (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Specifically,
name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, or other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.
Specifically,
g
ender
,
marital status, race/ethnicity, gender identity, disability, requests for family care leave, medical leave, pregnancy disability leave, military and veteran status, and age if 40 years or older.
Our service providers, including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, and better understand our employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Specifically, records of products or services purchased including those purchased by employees as work-related expenses.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Specifically, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application or advertisement
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Geolocation data.
Specifically, location information based on IP addresses
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Specifically, data
relating to Avalara employees’ use of computers, software, networks, communications devices, and other similar systems that we or our affiliates own or make available to you; or you connect to or use for the purposes of providing services to us or our affiliates; and information relating to your activities on our or our affiliates' premises
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Professional or Employment related information.
Specifically, job information, compensation, benefits, contact information, work history.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
Specifically, education history
.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
Specifically, account log-in, credentials allowing access to an account.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership.
Specifically,
racial or ethnic origin.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication.
Specifically, email messages of Avalara employees.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, and to third parties subject to compelled disclosures.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, maintain the security of our systems and networks, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as technical operations and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Personal information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health.
Specifically, health information related to receiving employee benefits, leaves, and accommodations.
Our service providers including our CRM service provider, cloud services and data warehousing providers, data analytics providers, logging and log management services, HR and recruiting software providers, benefits providers, security services, communication and productivity software and services, social networks, Avalara affiliates and subsidiaries, partners, to third parties subject to compelled disclosures, and to payment processors.
We may share your data with service providers and vendors to perform services on our behalf, including to organize data, manage our employee base and provide benefits, better understand our customers, prospective customers, and employees, marketing, and advertising.
To our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control), to provide services, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
To Vista, our private equity sponsor, and its affiliates, including Vista Consulting Group (US), for administration, research, database development, workforce analytics and business operation purposes.
To our partners, to provide integrations that enable our services to interconnect with third party software and to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners to co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
To our payment processor, to manage credit card processing.
To relevant governmental authorities if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process. We may also share your data with third parties, to protect our rights and property, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users. We may also share your personal information with third parties to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting Personal Information.
Avalara uses the personal information that it collects to provide and improve services, authenticate for service access, detect and prevent fraud, security, troubleshoot, plan and host events, communicate with you, provide materials you request, including white paper downloads, provide chat functionality on our website, to follow up with you upon your registrations for online seminars or in-person events, understand your preferences to enhance your experience and send you relevant information about us, our affiliates, and partners.
Avalara collects such information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. Avalara may collect personal information when you: inquire about one of our services or purchase our services; send an email to Avalara or start a live chat with us; interact with our website, products or services; register for an event or seminar; download content like white papers; create an account with us; and use our mobile services.
Cookies and Other Technologies
. Avalara and its affiliates and trusted third parties may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.
Third Parties, including Service Providers.
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s services.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s services.
5.
COMMITMENT REGARDING DEIDENTIFIED INFORMATION
If we process deidentified information, we will maintain the information in a deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information, except that we may attempt to reidentify the information solely for the purpose of determining whether the deidentification processes used satisfy legal requirements.
6.
AUTHORIZED AGENT
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity and the agent provides proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request; and
You directly confirm with Avalara that you provided the authorized agent with permission to submit the request.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know, correct or your right to request deletion, please provide any information Avalara requests to verify your identity. The information that Avalara asks you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4121 to 4130, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
7
.
CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this notice and policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Email address:
dataprivacy@avalara.com
Postal address:  Avalara, Inc., Attention: General Counsel, 255 S. King Street, Suite 1200, Seattle, WA 98104
Effective March 14th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Individuals residing in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom have a number of rights in relation to their personal data processed by Avalara. These are summarized below. Please note that exercising these rights is subject to certain requirements and conditions as set forth in applicable laws. These rights may also be limited in certain circumstances, for example if fulfilling a request would reveal personal information about another person, where they would infringe the rights of another (including Avalara), or if an individual asks us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Relevant exemptions are included, as applicable, in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the General Data Protection Regulation, or “GDPR”), the United Kingdom’s retained version of the GDPR as implemented by the Data Protection Act 2018, and applicable local laws. We will inform individuals of any relevant exemptions it on which we rely upon when responding to any request received.
Right of access:
You have the right to obtain from Avalara confirmation as to whether your personal data is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to your personal data. The access information includes – inter alia – the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed.
You have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Subject to applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee for copies, based on administrative costs.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to obtain from Avalara the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure (to be forgotten):
You have the right to ask Avalara to erase your personal data.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data, in which case, it would be marked and processed by Avalara only for certain purposes.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to Avalara in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit the personal data to another entity without hindrance from us.
Right to object:
You may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data by Avalara, and we can be required to no longer process your personal data. If you have a right to object and you exercise this right, your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes by Avalara. Exercising this right will not incur any cost. Such a right to object may not exist, in particular, if the processing of your personal data is necessary to take steps prior to entering into a contract or to perform a contract already concluded
.
If you wish to exercise these rights, or if you have questions or complaints regarding this notice, please email us at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Retention and Deletion of Personal Data
Avalara and our service providers store the personal data of EEA and UK users for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information is collected, in accordance with applicable data protection laws. When we no longer need to store or use your personal data to comply with contractual, statutory or regulatory obligations to which we are subject (for example, statutory retention periods or if we need it to preserve evidence within legal statutes of limitation) or for other purposes in accordance with applicable law, we will remove it from our systems and records or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it.
Effective December 10th 2022
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective March 10th 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Effective May 28th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: May 28, 2024
Avalara, Inc., is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals whose personal data we collect (“you” or “your).   Avalara may collect personal data from individuals who register to use Avalara’s services, applications, and programs (“Services”), visitors to our website, individuals who request information, prospective customers, and event attendees.  This Privacy Notice describes how Avalara and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Avalara” or “we”) collect, use, and disclose personal data, and the choices Avalara offers regarding its collection and use of personal data.
Personal Data Collected
Data collected from you:
Avalara collects personal data directly from you, for instance when you inquire about one of Avalara’s Services or send an email to Avalara, or from your interactions with our website, products or Services.  Details include:
Contact details.
When you inquire about our
Services
,
register for an
event
or
seminar
, download content like
white papers
, communicate with us by email, or enter a live chat, we may collect your contact details, such as your name, company, address, phone number, fax number, and email address. If your company uses the Services and we provision you an account, we may collect your name, email address, and associated IP address as part of your company's use of the Services.
Account creation.
When you create an account with us via our website, we may collect your contact details and a password.
Billing data.
When you purchase Services or register to attend an event, we may collect billing and payment information.
Device and usage data
.  When you use our website or our Services, we may also automatically collect data about your device and about your usage of and activity on our website and Services. For example, we collect your device’s operating system type, IP address, device identifiers, browser type, device type, domain name, access times, and the duration of visit, and other information.
Data from our mobile apps.
When you use our mobile Services, we may collect your contact details, the geographic location of the device, the geographic locations you provide to our Services, and geographic areas derived from your IP address.  We may also collect information about your invoices such as postal addresses, invoice numbers, exemption certificate numbers, item descriptions, quantities, and amounts.
Chat data.
When you start a live chat, Avalara will collect a log about your interaction with Avalara’s chat agents.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
When you navigate our website, we may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.  For more information about the Cookies and Other Technologies we use, the data we collect and your choices, please click
here
.
Personal data collected from other sources:
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s Services.  We rely on our partners to obtain your permission before sharing your personal data with us.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s Services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Avalara uses your data to provide you with and improve upon the Services that you or your company requests, to communicate with you, and to advertise to you through third party publishers.
Providing and Improving Avalara’s Services.
Avalara uses the data you provide, or data that we collect when you use our Services, to operate our Services, provide you with the Service that you or your company has requested, and to continually improve our Service offerings, internal systems, website, and processes.  We may use your data to authenticate your ability to access and use the Services.  We also use your data to detect and prevent fraud, protect the security of our website and Services, and enhance the safety of our Services.
We may also use data provided by you or collected by third party service providers or partners on our behalf to troubleshoot or provide customer support.
We may also use your data to plan and host corporate events, including online webinars.
Communicating with you.
Avalara’s website allows you to download white papers, fill out forms for more details about our Services, and to engage with us via our chat functionality.  You can also register to attend online seminars or in-person events. We use this information to provide you with the material you requested, to follow up with you about your interest in the Services, or to register you for the event you request.   We may also use personal data to understand you and your preferences so that we may enhance your experience and send you information about Avalara, our affiliates, and our partners, such as information about promotions or events.
Avalara may also receive personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this with the data we already have about you.  This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
If you follow or like Avalara on third party social media sites, we can see your public profile and may direct advertising to you.
Advertising.
We may use data collected via cookies and other technologies to manage our advertising on other sites or to provide you offers or advertisements, including for third-party services, based upon your browsing activities and interests.   For more details, please click
here
.
Legal bases for processing (EEA and UK users).
We collect and process information about users based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) where we have a basis to do so under applicable law. Avalara relies on one of the following four legal bases for processing your data:
Contract.  When you or your company enter into an agreement with us, we will process your data to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legitimate interest.  We have a legitimate interest in protecting the safety and security of our Services, operating and improving the Services, supporting our customers, marketing and promoting the Services, and protecting our interests.
Consent.  In some cases, you will give us consent to use your data for a specific purpose.
Legal obligation.  We may be required to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
EEA and UK users have a number of rights in relation to their personal data processed by Avalara. Individuals residing in the EEA or the UK can review a summary of those rights
here
.
Why We Share Personal Data
Service Providers.
Avalara may share your data with our contracted service providers and vendors so that these service providers and vendors can perform services on our behalf. For example, we use a third-party customer relationship management platform or data analytics platform to organize data and better understand our customers and prospective customers.  These service providers are authorized to use your data only as necessary to provide the requested services to us.  We may also share personal data with third-party social networking websites, like LinkedIn, for our marketing and advertising on those websites.   Unless described in this Privacy Notice, Avalara does not share, sell, rent, or trade any data with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
We may share your data with our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control) to provide the Services you request, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
Avalara Partners.
Avalara’s extensive partner network provides a broad range of integrations that enable our Services to interconnect with third party software.  We may share your data with these partners to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners who co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
Billing.
Avalara uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Compelled Disclosure.
Avalara reserves the right to share your data if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process.  We may also disclose your data to protect the rights and property of Avalara, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users.  Finally, we may also need to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
How to Manage Your Personal Data
Communication Preferences.
If you have received promotional communications from Avalara via email and would like to opt-out of future communications, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the emails message or you can go
here
. If you unsubscribe from receiving promotional communications, you may still receive transactional messages regarding Service notifications, updates to our terms or Privacy Notice, or our ongoing relationship.  To opt out of other forms of communication, you may unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting Us" section below.
Managing personal data.
Avalara provides different accounts with varying functionality depending on the Services users access.  Avalara accounts generally permit you to update your user settings or profile by logging into the applicable website or Service with your username and password.  If you do not have an account but wish to make a request to manage your data, you can contact Avalara using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
Requests to manage your data will be addressed within a reasonable timeframe. If you are an employee of an Avalara customer, you may also wish to contact your company’s system administrator for assistance in managing your data.
California Privacy Rights
California residents can review Avalara’s California Consumer Privacy Act disclosures
here
.
International Transfers of Personal Data
Avalara may process and store your data in your region or we may transfer it to the United States or to other countries in which we have affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers.  You can find a list of our global offices
here
.  We may transfer data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries and, when we do, we use legal mechanisms like contracts to make sure there is an adequate transfer mechanism in place.
Data Controller
Avalara is the data controller for some of the personal data described in this Privacy Notice and is located at 512 S Mangum St #100, Durham, NC 27701.  Our telephone number is 1-877-814-9390.  If you use Avalara’s Services through your company or organization, then Avalara may be the data processor with respect to your data and your company or organization may be the data controller.
Monitoring of Incoming Emails
All incoming emails sent to Avalara email accounts will be archived and may be scanned by Avalara and/or our external service providers to detect and prevent threats to our systems, investigate illegal or inappropriate behavior, and/or eliminate unsolicited promotional emails (“spam”). If you have any concerns about this process, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Avalara reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice. When we make changes to the Privacy Notice, we will update this page and change the "last updated" date above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Notice, please email us at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
.
Effective March 27th 2024
to
May 28th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: February 14, 2023
Avalara, Inc., is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals whose personal data we collect (“you” or “your).   Avalara may collect personal data from individuals who register to use Avalara’s services, applications, and programs (“Services”), visitors to our website, individuals who request information, prospective customers, and event attendees.  This Privacy Notice describes how Avalara and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Avalara” or “we”) collect, use, and disclose personal data, and the choices Avalara offers regarding its collection and use of personal data.
Personal Data Collected
Data collected from you:
Avalara collects personal data directly from you, for instance when you inquire about one of Avalara’s Services or send an email to Avalara, or from your interactions with our website, products or Services.  Details include:
Contact details.
When you inquire about our
Services
,
register for an
event
or
seminar
, download content like
white papers
, communicate with us by email, or enter a live chat, we may collect your contact details, such as your name, company, address, phone number, fax number, and email address. If your company uses the Services and we provision you an account, we may collect your name, email address, and associated IP address as part of your company's use of the Services.
Account creation.
When you create an account with us via our website, we may collect your contact details and a password.
Billing data.
When you purchase Services or register to attend an event, we may collect billing and payment information.
Device and usage data
.  When you use our website or our Services, we may also automatically collect data about your device and about your usage of and activity on our website and Services. For example, we collect your device’s operating system type, IP address, device identifiers, browser type, device type, domain name, access times, and the duration of visit, and other information.
Data from our mobile apps.
When you use our mobile Services, we may collect your contact details, the geographic location of the device, the geographic locations you provide to our Services, and geographic areas derived from your IP address.  We may also collect information about your invoices such as postal addresses, invoice numbers, exemption certificate numbers, item descriptions, quantities, and amounts.
Chat data.
When you start a live chat, Avalara will collect a log about your interaction with Avalara’s chat agents.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
When you navigate our website, we may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.  For more information about the Cookies and Other Technologies we use, the data we collect and your choices, please click
here
.
Personal data collected from other sources:
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s Services.  We rely on our partners to obtain your permission before sharing your personal data with us.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s Services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Avalara uses your data to provide you with and improve upon the Services that you or your company requests, to communicate with you, and to advertise to you through third party publishers.
Providing and Improving Avalara’s Services.
Avalara uses the data you provide, or data that we collect when you use our Services, to operate our Services, provide you with the Service that you or your company has requested, and to continually improve our Service offerings, internal systems, website, and processes.  We may use your data to authenticate your ability to access and use the Services.  We also use your data to detect and prevent fraud, protect the security of our website and Services, and enhance the safety of our Services.
We may also use data provided by you or collected by third party service providers or partners on our behalf to troubleshoot or provide customer support.
We may also use your data to plan and host corporate events, including online webinars.
Communicating with you.
Avalara’s website allows you to download white papers, fill out forms for more details about our Services, and to engage with us via our chat functionality.  You can also register to attend online seminars or in-person events. We use this information to provide you with the material you requested, to follow up with you about your interest in the Services, or to register you for the event you request.   We may also use personal data to understand you and your preferences so that we may enhance your experience and send you information about Avalara, our affiliates, and our partners, such as information about promotions or events.
Avalara may also receive personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this with the data we already have about you.  This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
If you follow or like Avalara on third party social media sites, we can see your public profile and may direct advertising to you.
Advertising.
We may use data collected via cookies and other technologies to manage our advertising on other sites or to provide you offers or advertisements, including for third-party services, based upon your browsing activities and interests.   For more details, please click
here
.
Legal bases for processing (EEA and UK users).
We collect and process information about users based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) where we have a basis to do so under applicable law. Avalara relies on one of the following four legal bases for processing your data:
Contract.  When you or your company enter into an agreement with us, we will process your data to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legitimate interest.  We have a legitimate interest in protecting the safety and security of our Services, operating and improving the Services, supporting our customers, marketing and promoting the Services, and protecting our interests.
Consent.  In some cases, you will give us consent to use your data for a specific purpose.
Legal obligation.  We may be required to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
EEA and UK users have a number of rights in relation to their personal data processed by Avalara. Individuals residing in the EEA or the UK can review a summary of those rights
here
.
Why We Share Personal Data
Service Providers.
Avalara may share your data with our contracted service providers and vendors so that these service providers and vendors can perform services on our behalf. For example, we use a third-party customer relationship management platform or data analytics platform to organize data and better understand our customers and prospective customers.  These service providers are authorized to use your data only as necessary to provide the requested services to us.  We may also share personal data with third-party social networking websites, like LinkedIn, for our marketing and advertising on those websites.   Unless described in this Privacy Notice, Avalara does not share, sell, rent, or trade any data with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
We may share your data with our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control) to provide the Services you request, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
Avalara Partners.
Avalara’s extensive partner network provides a broad range of integrations that enable our Services to interconnect with third party software.  We may share your data with these partners to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners who co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
Billing.
Avalara uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Compelled Disclosure.
Avalara reserves the right to share your data if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process.  We may also disclose your data to protect the rights and property of Avalara, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users.  Finally, we may also need to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
How to Manage Your Personal Data
Communication Preferences.
If you have received promotional communications from Avalara via email and would like to opt-out of future communications, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the emails message or you can go
here
. If you unsubscribe from receiving promotional communications, you may still receive transactional messages regarding Service notifications, updates to our terms or Privacy Notice, or our ongoing relationship.  To opt out of other forms of communication, you may unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting Us" section below.
Managing personal data.
Avalara provides different accounts with varying functionality depending on the Services users access.  Avalara accounts generally permit you to update your user settings or profile by logging into the applicable website or Service with your username and password.  If you do not have an account but wish to make a request to manage your data, you can contact Avalara using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
Requests to manage your data will be addressed within a reasonable timeframe. If you are an employee of an Avalara customer, you may also wish to contact your company’s system administrator for assistance in managing your data.
California Privacy Rights
California residents can review Avalara’s California Consumer Privacy Act disclosures
here
.
International Transfers of Personal Data
Avalara may process and store your data in your region or we may transfer it to the United States or to other countries in which we have affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers.  You can find a list of our global offices
here
.  We may transfer data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries and, when we do, we use legal mechanisms like contracts to make sure there is an adequate transfer mechanism in place.
Data Controller
Avalara is the data controller for some of the personal data described in this Privacy Notice and is located at 255 South King Street, Suite 1800, Seattle, Washington 98104.  Our telephone number is .  If you use Avalara’s Services through your company or organization, then Avalara is the data processor with respect to your data and your company or organization is the data controller.
Monitoring of Incoming Emails
All incoming emails sent to Avalara email accounts will be archived and may be scanned by Avalara and/or our external service providers to detect and prevent threats to our systems, investigate illegal or inappropriate behavior, and/or eliminate unsolicited promotional emails (“spam”). If you have any concerns about this process, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Avalara reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice. When we make changes to the Privacy Notice, we will update this page and change the "last updated" date above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Notice, please email us at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
.
Effective February 14th 2023
to
March 27th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated: February 14, 2023
Avalara, Inc., is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals whose personal data we collect (“you” or “your).   Avalara may collect personal data from individuals who register to use Avalara’s services, applications, and programs (“Services”), visitors to our website, individuals who request information, prospective customers, and event attendees.  This Privacy Notice describes how Avalara and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Avalara” or “we”) collect, use, and disclose personal data, and the choices Avalara offers regarding its collection and use of personal data.
Personal Data Collected
Data collected from you:
Avalara collects personal data directly from you, for instance when you inquire about one of Avalara’s Services or send an email to Avalara, or from your interactions with our website, products or Services.  Details include:
Contact details.
When you inquire about our
Services
,
register for an
event
or
seminar
, download content like
white papers
, communicate with us by email, or enter a live chat, we may collect your contact details, such as your name, company, address, phone number, fax number, and email address. If your company uses the Services and we provision you an account, we may collect your name, email address, and associated IP address as part of your company's use of the Services.
Account creation.
When you create an account with us via our website, we may collect your contact details and a password.
Billing data.
When you purchase Services or register to attend an event, we may collect billing and payment information.
Device and usage data
.  When you use our website or our Services, we may also automatically collect data about your device and about your usage of and activity on our website and Services. For example, we collect your device’s operating system type, IP address, device identifiers, browser type, device type, domain name, access times, and the duration of visit, and other information.
Data from our mobile apps.
When you use our mobile Services, we may collect your contact details, the geographic location of the device, the geographic locations you provide to our Services, and geographic areas derived from your IP address.  We may also collect information about your invoices such as postal addresses, invoice numbers, exemption certificate numbers, item descriptions, quantities, and amounts.
Chat data.
When you start a live chat, Avalara will collect a log about your interaction with Avalara’s chat agents.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
When you navigate our website, we may use cookies or other technologies to collect data about your device and activity on our website.  For more information about the Cookies and Other Technologies we use, the data we collect and your choices, please click
here
.
Personal data collected from other sources:
Avalara may also collect personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and we may combine this data with data we already have about you.  For example, we may collect personal data from:
Partners.
Avalara may engage in joint marketing activities or event sponsorships with our third-party partners and we may collect personal data about you from these activities.  We also allow partners to provide referrals to Avalara of individuals who may be interested in learning more about Avalara’s Services.  We rely on our partners to obtain your permission before sharing your personal data with us.
Service Providers.
Avalara may also engage with third party service providers who help us understand how our customers are using Avalara’s Services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Avalara uses your data to provide you with and improve upon the Services that you or your company requests, to communicate with you, and to advertise to you through third party publishers.
Providing and Improving Avalara’s Services.
Avalara uses the data you provide, or data that we collect when you use our Services, to operate our Services, provide you with the Service that you or your company has requested, and to continually improve our Service offerings, internal systems, website, and processes.  We may use your data to authenticate your ability to access and use the Services.  We also use your data to detect and prevent fraud, protect the security of our website and Services, and enhance the safety of our Services.
We may also use data provided by you or collected by third party service providers or partners on our behalf to troubleshoot or provide customer support.
We may also use your data to plan and host corporate events, including online webinars.
Communicating with you.
Avalara’s website allows you to download white papers, fill out forms for more details about our Services, and to engage with us via our chat functionality.  You can also register to attend online seminars or in-person events. We use this information to provide you with the material you requested, to follow up with you about your interest in the Services, or to register you for the event you request.   We may also use personal data to understand you and your preferences so that we may enhance your experience and send you information about Avalara, our affiliates, and our partners, such as information about promotions or events.
Avalara may also receive personal data from other sources, including third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this with the data we already have about you.  This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide products and services that may be of interest to you.
If you follow or like Avalara on third party social media sites, we can see your public profile and may direct advertising to you.
Advertising.
We may use data collected via cookies and other technologies to manage our advertising on other sites or to provide you offers or advertisements, including for third-party services, based upon your browsing activities and interests.   For more details, please click
here
.
Legal bases for processing (EEA and UK users).
We collect and process information about users based in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) where we have a basis to do so under applicable law. Avalara relies on one of the following four legal bases for processing your data:
Contract.  When you or your company enter into an agreement with us, we will process your data to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legitimate interest.  We have a legitimate interest in protecting the safety and security of our Services, operating and improving the Services, supporting our customers, marketing and promoting the Services, and protecting our interests.
Consent.  In some cases, you will give us consent to use your data for a specific purpose.
Legal obligation.  We may be required to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
EEA and UK users have a number of rights in relation to their personal data processed by Avalara. Individuals residing in the EEA or the UK can review a summary of those rights
here
.
Why We Share Personal Data
Service Providers.
Avalara may share your data with our contracted service providers and vendors so that these service providers and vendors can perform services on our behalf. For example, we use a third-party customer relationship management platform or data analytics platform to organize data and better understand our customers and prospective customers.  These service providers are authorized to use your data only as necessary to provide the requested services to us.  We may also share personal data with third-party social networking websites, like LinkedIn, for our marketing and advertising on those websites.   Unless described in this Privacy Notice, Avalara does not share, sell, rent, or trade any data with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Affiliates and Subsidiaries.
We may share your data with our subsidiaries and affiliates (those entities under common control) to provide the Services you request, such as customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
Avalara Partners.
Avalara’s extensive partner network provides a broad range of integrations that enable our Services to interconnect with third party software.  We may share your data with these partners to support our mutual customers. We may also share your data with our partners who co-sponsor events that you choose to attend.
Billing.
Avalara uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use billing information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Compelled Disclosure.
Avalara reserves the right to share your data if required by law or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or valid legal process.  We may also disclose your data to protect the rights and property of Avalara, our agents, employees, partners and customers, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or network or to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users.  Finally, we may also need to disclose your data in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving the sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company.
How to Manage Your Personal Data
Communication Preferences.
If you have received promotional communications from Avalara via email and would like to opt-out of future communications, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the emails message or you can go
here
. If you unsubscribe from receiving promotional communications, you may still receive transactional messages regarding Service notifications, updates to our terms or Privacy Notice, or our ongoing relationship.  To opt out of other forms of communication, you may unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting Us" section below.
Managing personal data.
Avalara provides different accounts with varying functionality depending on the Services users access.  Avalara accounts generally permit you to update your user settings or profile by logging into the applicable website or Service with your username and password.  If you do not have an account but wish to make a request to manage your data, you can contact Avalara using the information in the “Contact Us” section below.
Requests to manage your data will be addressed within a reasonable timeframe. If you are an employee of an Avalara customer, you may also wish to contact your company’s system administrator for assistance in managing your data.
California Privacy Rights
California residents can review Avalara’s California Consumer Privacy Act disclosures
here
.
International Transfers of Personal Data
Avalara may process and store your data in your region or we may transfer it to the United States or to other countries in which we have affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers.  You can find a list of our global offices
here
.  We may transfer data from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries and, when we do, we use legal mechanisms like contracts to make sure there is an adequate transfer mechanism in place.
Data Controller
Avalara is the data controller for some of the personal data described in this Privacy Notice and is located at 255 South King Street, Suite 1800, Seattle, Washington 98104.  Our telephone number is .  If you use Avalara’s Services through your company or organization, then Avalara is the data processor with respect to your data and your company or organization is the data controller.
Monitoring of Incoming Emails
All incoming emails sent to Avalara email accounts will be archived and may be scanned by Avalara and/or our external service providers to detect and prevent threats to our systems, investigate illegal or inappropriate behavior, and/or eliminate unsolicited promotional emails (“spam”). If you have any concerns about this process, please contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Avalara reserves the right to change this Privacy Notice. When we make changes to the Privacy Notice, we will update this page and change the "last updated" date above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Notice, please email us at
dataprivacy@avalara.com
.
Effective April 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Avalara uses third parties, subprocessors, to provide specific functionality within Avalara’s services. If Customer objects to the addition of a subprocessor, Customer must email
legal@avalara.com
. Otherwise, continued use of the Services signifies Customer’s acceptance of new subprocessors. The following subprocessors may access and process personal information of Avalara’s customers:
Date Added
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Control
February 24, 2020
Adobe, Inc.
Tag management system
United States
February 24, 2020
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS)
Cloud-based computing and data hosting services
United States
February 24, 2020
Atlassian Pty Ltd.
Cloud-based project management and collaboration software tools
Australia
June 17, 2022
BigID, Inc.
Data discovery and privacy compliance services
United States
June 17, 2022
Confluent, Inc.
Event data processing and real-time data pipeline engine
United States
June 17, 2022
Content Square, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
November 1, 2023
Cribl, Inc.
Cloud-based data observability platform
United States
June 17, 2022
Databricks, Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
FullStory, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
March 13, 2023
Hex Technologies, Inc.
Application analytics service
United States
September 3, 2021
IDology, Inc.
Age verification service for Avalara Age Verification (an add-on feature to AvaTax for Beverage Alcohol)
United States
February 24, 2020
Microsoft Corporation
Cloud-based and on-premises office productivity tools and a business analytics service
United States
February 10, 2022
Mimecast North America, Inc.
Email security and archiving
United States
April 3, 2020
MongoDB, Inc.
General purpose database platform
United States
April 20, 2024
Monte Carlo Data, Inc.
Application analytics service
United States
February 24, 2020
Okta, Inc.
Cloud-based access management service
United States
February 20, 2024
OwnBackup Inc.
Data backup service
United States
June 21, 2023
Proofpoint, Inc.
Security tool
United States
February 24, 2020
Rapid 7 Ireland Limited
Log management and analytics service
United States
February 24, 2020
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Customer management platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Communication and productivity software as a service and related technology
United States
June 8, 2020
Snowflake Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
Splunk, Inc.
Real-time cloud monitoring service
United States
February 24, 2020
Sumo Logic, Inc.
Cloud-based logs and metrics management service
United States
February 24, 2020
Twilio, Inc.
Customer data infrastructure platform
United States
September 17, 2020
Uplevel, Inc.
Data analysis tool relating to Avalara team behavior to maximize effectiveness
United States
Avalara Group Sub-processors
The following entities are subsidiaries or affiliates of Avalara (as Avalara is defined in the
Terms
). Accordingly, they function as subprocessors when they perform activities to provide the Services. Depending on the geographic location of Customer and the Services provided, Avalara may engage one or more of its subsidiaries or affiliates as subprocessors to deliver some or all of the Services provided to Customer. Avalara subsidiaries or affiliates are as follows:
Entity Name
Country
Avalara, Inc.
United States
AFT France SAS
France
AFT Italy S.r.L.
Italy
Avalara FT Spain SL
Spain
AFTC Fiscal Services UK Ltd
United Kingdom
AFTC, Inc.
United States
AvaFuel LLC
United States
Avalara Brasil – Assessoria e Consultoria Tributária e Tecnológica Ltda
Brazil
Avalara Canada ULC
Canada
Avalara Client Trust
United States
Avalara EU Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
Avalara Europe Ltd
United Kingdom
Avalara FT Poland
Polish
Avalara Luxembourg S.a.r.l.
Luxembourg
Avalara Technologies Private Limited
India
EDIGrid Romania
Romania
Impendulo ApS
Denmark
Impendulo BV
Netherlands
Impendulo Hellas Mon. Epe
Greece
Impendulo Lda
Portugal
Impendulo Limited
United Kingdom
Impendulo Limited (CY)
Cyprus
Impendulo Oy
Finland
Impendulo SARL
France
INPOSIA Solutions France
France
INPOSIA Solutions GmbH
Germany
INPOSIA Solutions Italia S.r.L.
Italy
INPOSIA Turkey
Turkey
Transaction Tax Consulting Group, LLC
United States
Transaction Tax Resources, Inc.
United States
VAT Applications NV
Belgium
VAT House Services NV
Belgium
Effective February 20th 2024
to
April 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Avalara uses third parties, subprocessors, to provide specific functionality within Avalara’s services. If Customer objects to the addition of a subprocessor, Customer must email
legal@avalara.com
. Otherwise, continued use of the Services signifies Customer’s acceptance of new subprocessors. The following subprocessors may access and process personal information of Avalara’s customers:
Date Added
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Control
February 24, 2020
Adobe, Inc.
Tag management system
United States
February 24, 2020
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS)
Cloud-based computing and data hosting services
United States
February 24, 2020
Atlassian Pty Ltd.
Cloud-based project management and collaboration software tools
Australia
June 17, 2022
BigID, Inc.
Data discovery and privacy compliance services
United States
June 17, 2022
Confluent, Inc.
Event data processing and real-time data pipeline engine
United States
June 17, 2022
Content Square, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
November 1, 2023
Cribl, Inc.
Cloud-based data observability platform
United States
June 17, 2022
Databricks, Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
FullStory, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
March 13, 2023
Hex Technologies, Inc.
Application analytics service
United States
September 3, 2021
IDology, Inc.
Age verification service for Avalara Age Verification (an add-on feature to AvaTax for Beverage Alcohol)
United States
February 24, 2020
Microsoft Corporation
Cloud-based and on-premises office productivity tools and a business analytics service
United States
February 10, 2022
Mimecast North America, Inc.
Email security and archiving
United States
April 3, 2020
MongoDB, Inc.
General purpose database platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Okta, Inc.
Cloud-based access management service
United States
February 20, 2024
OwnBackup Inc.
Data backup service
United States
June 21, 2023
Proofpoint, Inc.
Security tool
United States
February 24, 2020
Rapid 7 Ireland Limited
Log management and analytics service
United States
February 24, 2020
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Customer management platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Communication and productivity software as a service and related technology
United States
June 8, 2020
Snowflake Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
Splunk, Inc.
Real-time cloud monitoring service
United States
February 24, 2020
Sumo Logic, Inc.
Cloud-based logs and metrics management service
United States
February 24, 2020
Twilio, Inc.
Customer data infrastructure platform
United States
September 17, 2020
Uplevel, Inc.
Data analysis tool relating to Avalara team behavior to maximize effectiveness
United States
Avalara Group Sub-processors
The following entities are subsidiaries or affiliates of Avalara (as Avalara is defined in the
Terms
). Accordingly, they function as subprocessors when they perform activities to provide the Services. Depending on the geographic location of Customer and the Services provided, Avalara may engage one or more of its subsidiaries or affiliates as subprocessors to deliver some or all of the Services provided to Customer. Avalara subsidiaries or affiliates are as follows:
Entity Name
Country
Avalara, Inc.
United States
AFT France SAS
France
AFT Italy S.r.L.
Italy
Avalara FT Spain SL
Spain
AFTC Fiscal Services UK Ltd
United Kingdom
AFTC, Inc.
United States
AvaFuel LLC
United States
Avalara Brasil – Assessoria e Consultoria Tributária e Tecnológica Ltda
Brazil
Avalara Canada ULC
Canada
Avalara Client Trust
United States
Avalara EU Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
Avalara Europe Ltd
United Kingdom
Avalara FT Poland
Polish
Avalara Luxembourg S.a.r.l.
Luxembourg
Avalara Technologies Private Limited
India
EDIGrid Romania
Romania
Impendulo ApS
Denmark
Impendulo BV
Netherlands
Impendulo Hellas Mon. Epe
Greece
Impendulo Lda
Portugal
Impendulo Limited
United Kingdom
Impendulo Limited (CY)
Cyprus
Impendulo Oy
Finland
Impendulo SARL
France
INPOSIA Solutions France
France
INPOSIA Solutions GmbH
Germany
INPOSIA Solutions Italia S.r.L.
Italy
INPOSIA Turkey
Turkey
Transaction Tax Consulting Group, LLC
United States
Transaction Tax Resources, Inc.
United States
VAT Applications NV
Belgium
VAT House Services NV
Belgium
Effective November 1st 2023
to
February 20th 2024
Download
Table of Contents
Avalara uses third parties, subprocessors, to provide specific functionality within Avalara’s services. If Customer objects to the addition of a subprocessor, Customer must email
legal@avalara.com
. Otherwise, continued use of the Services signifies Customer’s acceptance of new subprocessors. The following subprocessors may access and process personal information of Avalara’s customers:
Date Added
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Control
February 24, 2020
Adobe, Inc.
Tag management system
United States
February 24, 2020
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS)
Cloud-based computing and data hosting services
United States
February 24, 2020
Atlassian Pty Ltd.
Cloud-based project management and collaboration software tools
Australia
June 17, 2022
BigID, Inc.
Data discovery and privacy compliance services
United States
June 17, 2022
Confluent, Inc.
Event data processing and real-time data pipeline engine
United States
June 17, 2022
Content Square, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
November 1, 2023
Cribl, Inc.
Cloud-based data observability platform
United States
June 17, 2022
Databricks, Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
FullStory, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
March 13, 2023
Hex Technologies, Inc.
Application analytics service
United States
September 3, 2021
IDology, Inc.
Age verification service for Avalara Age Verification (an add-on feature to AvaTax for Beverage Alcohol)
United States
February 24, 2020
Microsoft Corporation
Cloud-based and on-premises office productivity tools and a business analytics service
United States
February 10, 2022
Mimecast North America, Inc.
Email security and archiving
United States
April 3, 2020
MongoDB, Inc.
General purpose database platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Okta, Inc.
Cloud-based access management service
United States
June 21, 2023
Proofpoint, Inc.
Security tool
United States
February 24, 2020
Rapid 7 Ireland Limited
Log management and analytics service
United States
February 24, 2020
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Customer management platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Communication and productivity software as a service and related technology
United States
June 8, 2020
Snowflake Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
Splunk, Inc.
Real-time cloud monitoring service
United States
February 24, 2020
Sumo Logic, Inc.
Cloud-based logs and metrics management service
United States
February 24, 2020
Twilio, Inc.
Customer data infrastructure platform
United States
September 17, 2020
Uplevel, Inc.
Data analysis tool relating to Avalara team behavior to maximize effectiveness
United States
Avalara Group Sub-processors
The following entities are subsidiaries or affiliates of Avalara (as Avalara is defined in the
Terms
). Accordingly, they function as subprocessors when they perform activities to provide the Services. Depending on the geographic location of Customer and the Services provided, Avalara may engage one or more of its subsidiaries or affiliates as subprocessors to deliver some or all of the Services provided to Customer. Avalara subsidiaries or affiliates are as follows:
Entity Name
Country
Avalara, Inc.
United States
AFT France SAS
France
AFT Italy S.r.L.
Italy
Avalara FT Spain SL
Spain
AFTC Fiscal Services UK Ltd
United Kingdom
AFTC, Inc.
United States
AvaFuel LLC
United States
Avalara Brasil – Assessoria e Consultoria Tributária e Tecnológica Ltda
Brazil
Avalara Canada ULC
Canada
Avalara Client Trust
United States
Avalara EU Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
Avalara Europe Ltd
United Kingdom
Avalara FT Poland
Polish
Avalara Luxembourg S.a.r.l.
Luxembourg
Avalara Technologies Private Limited
India
EDIGrid Romania
Romania
Impendulo ApS
Denmark
Impendulo BV
Netherlands
Impendulo Hellas Mon. Epe
Greece
Impendulo Lda
Portugal
Impendulo Limited
United Kingdom
Impendulo Limited (CY)
Cyprus
Impendulo Oy
Finland
Impendulo SARL
France
INPOSIA Solutions France
France
INPOSIA Solutions GmbH
Germany
INPOSIA Solutions Italia S.r.L.
Italy
INPOSIA Turkey
Turkey
Transaction Tax Consulting Group, LLC
United States
Transaction Tax Resources, Inc.
United States
VAT Applications NV
Belgium
VAT House Services NV
Belgium
Effective October 26th 2023
to
November 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Last updated: June 21, 2023
Avalara uses third parties, subprocessors, to provide specific functionality within Avalara’s services. If Customer objects to the addition of a subprocessor, Customer must email
legal@avalara.com
. Otherwise, continued use of the Services signifies Customer’s acceptance of new subprocessors. The following subprocessors may access and process personal information of Avalara’s customers:
Date Added
Entity Name
Purpose
Entity Control
February 24, 2020
Adobe, Inc.
Tag management system
United States
February 24, 2020
Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS)
Cloud-based computing and data hosting services
United States
February 24, 2020
Atlassian Pty Ltd.
Cloud-based project management and collaboration software tools
Australia
June 17, 2022
BigID, Inc.
Data discovery and privacy compliance services
United States
June 17, 2022
Confluent, Inc.
Event data processing and real-time data pipeline engine
United States
June 17, 2022
Content Square, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
June 17, 2022
Databricks, Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
FullStory, Inc.
Customer experience analytics service
United States
March 13, 2023
Hex Technologies, Inc.
Application analytics service
United States
September 3, 2021
IDology, Inc.
Age verification service for Avalara Age Verification (an add-on feature to AvaTax for Beverage Alcohol)
United States
February 24, 2020
Microsoft Corporation
Cloud-based and on-premises office productivity tools and a business analytics service
United States
February 10,
2022
Mimecast North America, Inc.
Email security and archiving
United States
April 3, 2020
MongoDB, Inc.
General purpose database platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Okta, Inc.
Cloud-based access management service
United States
June 21, 2023
Proofpoint, Inc.
Security tool
United States
February 24, 2020
Rapid 7 Ireland Limited
Log management and analytics service
United States
February 24, 2020
Salesforce.com, Inc.
Customer management platform
United States
February 24, 2020
Slack Technologies, Inc.
Communication and productivity software as a service and related technology
United States
June 8, 2020
Snowflake Inc.
Cloud-based data warehousing
United States
February 24, 2020
Splunk, Inc.
Real-time cloud monitoring service
United States
February 24, 2020
Sumo Logic, Inc.
Cloud-based logs and metrics management service
United States
February 24, 2020
Twilio, Inc.
Customer data infrastructure platform
United States
September 17, 2020
Uplevel, Inc.
Data analysis tool relating to Avalara team behavior to maximize effectiveness
United States
Avalara Group Sub-processors
The following entities are subsidiaries or affiliates of Avalara (as Avalara is defined in the
Terms
). Accordingly, they function as subprocessors when they perform activities to provide the Services. Depending on the geographic location of Customer and the Services provided, Avalara may engage one or more of its subsidiaries or affiliates as subprocessors to deliver some or all of the Services provided to Customer. Avalara subsidiaries or affiliates are as follows:
Entity Name
Country
Avalara, Inc.
United States
AFT France SAS
France
AFT Italy S.r.L.
Italy
Avalara FT Spain SL
Spain
AFTC Fiscal Services UK Ltd
United Kingdom
AFTC, Inc.
United States
AvaFuel LLC
United States
Avalara Brasil – Assessoria e Consultoria Tributária e Tecnológica Ltda
Brazil
Avalara Canada ULC
Canada
Avalara Client Trust
United States
Avalara EU Holdings UK Limited
United Kingdom
Avalara Europe Ltd
United Kingdom
Avalara FT Poland
Polish
Avalara Luxembourg S.a.r.l.
Luxembourg
Avalara Technologies Private Limited
India
EDIGrid Romania
Romania
Impendulo ApS
Denmark
Impendulo BV
Netherlands
Impendulo Hellas Mon. Epe
Greece
Impendulo Lda
Portugal
Impendulo Limited
United Kingdom
Impendulo Limited (CY)
Cyprus
Impendulo Oy
Finland
Impendulo SARL
France
INPOSIA Solutions France
France
INPOSIA Solutions GmbH
Germany
INPOSIA Solutions Italia S.r.L.
Italy
INPOSIA Turkey
Turkey
Transaction Tax Consulting Group, LLC
United States
Transaction Tax Resources, Inc.
United States
VAT Applications NV
Belgium
VAT House Services NV
Belgium
Effective January 1st 2023
Download
Table of Contents
Page:
/
Please download the PDF to view this document.
Download
Sub-policy 2
https://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/:
Visa Privacy Center
Global Privacy Notice
Visa Cookie Notice
Your Privacy Rights
US Social Security Statement Page
Visa Privacy Center
Visa values your trust and respects your privacy. This Privacy Center will help you understand how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information. You can also find links to help you exercise your privacy rights.
Global Privacy Notice
Our
Global Privacy Notice
explains how we collect, use and disclose Personal Information.
We also have a
Cookie Notice
that explains our practices with regard to cookies, tags and similar types of online data that we collect.
The following supplemental privacy notices provide additional information as required by law:
For Argentina (Spanish)
For Australia (English)
For Brazil (Portuguese)
For Canada (English)
For China Mainland (Simplified Chinese)
For Colombia (Spanish)
For European Economic Area (EEA) (English)
For Japan (Japanese)
For Taiwan (Traditional Chinese)
For Turkey (Turkish)
U.S. State Privacy Rights
U.S. - Social Security Number Policy and Sensitive Personal Information Statement
U.S. – End User Open Banking Privacy Notice
While the Visa Global Privacy Program safeguards all the information that we collect and use, some Visa products and platforms have their own privacy notices. These notices reflect the business-specific requirements that apply. Please read the privacy notices published on our sites and platforms when you sign-up.
To submit a request to exercise privacy rights under relevant laws, please access our
Privacy Rights Portal
.
Contact Visa’s Global Privacy Office
Send us an email
privacy@visa.com
Please do not include sensitive information, such as your account number, in emails.
Write to us
Visa Global Privacy Office
900 Metro Center Blvd.
Foster City, CA 94404 USA
Visa websites only collect and share your personal information for cross-contextual behavioral and targeted advertising with your consent. You may review and select your choices below. For details, see the
Visa Cookie Notice
.
Accept
Reject all
Review choices
38
Strictly necessary
Consent for: Strictly necessary
These technologies are necessary for the underlying operation of the site or app or to display or enable functionality you have requested.
Detailed description of cookies categorised as: Strictly necessary.
Cookie
Expiry
Domain
Company
Purpose
Description
Cookie
tv_UIRF
Expiry
1 years, 1 months
Domain
tremorhub.com
Company
Purpose
Under review
Description
This cookie is currently under review and its purpose is being assigned. Once complete, this description will be updated accordingly.
Cookie
_bti
Expiry
1 years
Domain
visa.com
Company
Purpose
Under review
Description
This cookie is currently under review and its purpose is being assigned. Once complete, this description will be updated accordingly.
Cookie
_bts
Expiry
1 hours
Domain
visa.com
Company
Purpose
Under review
Description
This cookie is currently under review and its purpose is being assigned. Once complete, this description will be updated accordingly.
Cookie
_cfuvid (x 6)
Expiry
Session
Domain
secure.checkout.visa.com
Company
Cloudflare, Inc.
Purpose
Authorisation
Description
Cookie related to rate limiting policies. Cloudflare Rate Limiting is a feature that allows customers to identify and mitigate high request rates automatically, either for specific URLs or for an entire domain.
Cookie
__cflb (x 5)
Expiry
23 hours
Domain
www.visa.com
Company
Cloudflare, Inc.
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Cookie related to load balancing.
Cookie
__cfruid (x 6)
Expiry
Session
Domain
cdn.visa.com
Company
Cloudflare, Inc.
Purpose
Authorisation
Description
Cookie related to rate limiting policies. Cloudflare Rate Limiting is a feature that allows customers to identify and mitigate high request rates automatically, either for specific URLs or for an entire domain.
Cookie
__cf_bm (x 3)
Expiry
30 minutes
Domain
chat.visa.com
Company
Cloudflare, Inc.
Purpose
Authorisation
Description
Maintains bot management for our site and manage incoming traffic that may be associated with bots for security purposes
Cookie
wscrCookieConsent
Expiry
1 year
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Digital Control Room Ltd
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Stores your cookie consent session for our site. It contains no information other than whether you have opted in or out for each cookie level.
Cookie
BIGipServer
*
Expiry
1 hour
Domain
abrtp1-cdn.marketo.com
Company
F5 Networks, Inc
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Stores the address and port of the web server handling the session, and is used by F5 Networks, Inc. to improve the performance and security of the site.
Cookie
f5avraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa_session_
Expiry
Session
Domain
cts.businesswire.com
Company
F5 Networks, Inc
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Stores the address and port of the web server handling the session, and is used by F5 Networks, Inc. to improve the performance and security of the site.
Cookie
receive-cookie-deprecation (x 2)
Expiry
1 year
Domain
doubleclick.net
Company
Google
Purpose
Your visit
Description
To prepare for third-party cookie deprecation, Google provide Chrome-facilitated testing modes that allow sites to preview how site behaviour and functionality works without third-party cookies.
Cookie
TAPID
Expiry
1 year
Domain
tealiumiq.com
Company
Tealium
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Used by tag manager Tealium to anonymously identify the visitor.
Cookie
utag_main
Expiry
1 year
Domain
visa.com
Company
Tealium
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Used to store the Tealium ID required to enable visitor information to be analysed.
Cookie
JSESSIONID
Expiry
Session
Domain
cts.businesswire.com
Company
Visa
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Stores session data during a website visit.
Cookie
lbs
Expiry
Session
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Visa
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Loadbalancer cookie used to maintain the session.
Cookie
MEPAJSESSIONID
Expiry
Session
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Visa
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Used to achieve server affinity for your session.
Cookie
ready
Expiry
Session
Domain
secure.checkout.visa.com
Company
Visa
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Detects whether the user’s browser accepts third party cookies in order to show the correct user navigation
Cookie
AWSELB
Expiry
Session
Domain
rum.optimizely.com
Company
Amazon Web Services, Amazon.com, Inc.
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Used by Elastic Load Balancing from Amazon Web Services to effectively balance load on the servers.
Cookie
AWSELBCORS
Expiry
Session
Domain
rum.optimizely.com
Company
Amazon Web Services, Amazon.com, Inc.
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Used by Elastic Load Balancing from Amazon Web Services to effectively balance load on the servers.
Cookie
ar_debug
Expiry
30 days
Domain
doubleclick.net
Company
DoubleClick, Google LLC
Purpose
Your visit
Description
This cookie is used by DoubleClick to debug ads.
Cookie
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Expiry
180 days
Domain
youtube.com
Company
YouTube, Google LLC
Purpose
Your visit
Description
Functional delivery of YouTube
5
Analytics
Consent for: Analytics
These technologies are used to measure aggregate website activity, allowing Visa to optimize content.
Detailed description of cookies categorised as: Analytics.
Cookie
Expiry
Domain
Company
Purpose
Description
Cookie
ar_debug
Expiry
90 days
Domain
region1.google-analytics.com
Company
Google Analytics, Google LLC
Purpose
Your visit
Description
This cookie is used by Google Analytics when enabling debug mode using the Google Tag Assistant.
Cookie
_ga
Expiry
2 years
Domain
visa.com
Company
Google Analytics, Google LLC
Purpose
Analytics
Description
A unique identifier given to each browser to track user interactions with the website.
Cookie
_ga_
*
(x 3)
Expiry
2 years
Domain
visa.com
Company
Google Analytics, Google LLC
Purpose
Analytics
Description
A unique identifier given to each browser to track user interactions with the website.
0
Site experience
Consent for: Site experience
These technologies are used to support your experience and include user-selected options and site navigation aids.
We do not use any cookies in this category.
16
Performance and operation
Consent for: Performance and operation
These technologies are used in the management of a site or app, including to record visitor numbers and identify issues users are experiencing.
Detailed description of cookies categorised as: Performance and operation.
Cookie
Expiry
Domain
Company
Purpose
Description
Cookie
ak_bmsc
Expiry
Domain
businesswire.com
Company
Akamai Technologies
Purpose
Performance / Networking
Description
Cookie used to optimize performance, and to improve the user experience, on ​Akamai​ websites.
Cookie
gi
Expiry
1 day
Domain
r.3gl.net
Company
Catchpoint Systems, Inc.
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Catchpoint monitors your experience on the website to detect, identify, and resolve issues quickly.
Cookie
ua
Expiry
1 hour
Domain
r.3gl.net
Company
Catchpoint Systems, Inc.
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Catchpoint monitors your experience on the website to detect, identify, and resolve issues quickly.
Cookie
_cs_c
Expiry
1 year, 1 month
Domain
visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
ContentSquare assists with optimising the website design. This cookies saves the visitor's consent to be tracked.
Cookie
_cs_id
Expiry
13 months
Domain
visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
ContentSquare assists with optimising the website design. This cookie anonymously recognises a returning visitor.
Cookie
_cs_mk
Expiry
30 minutes
Domain
visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
This cookie is used for the Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics integrations. It is to make sure the Adobe and Google dimensions and evars are set only once per 30 minutes.
Cookie
_cs_root-domain
Expiry
Session
Domain
visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
ContentSquare assists with optimising the website design.
Cookie
_cs_s
Expiry
30 minutes
Domain
visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
ContentSquare assists with optimising the website design. This cookie contains the number of page views.
Cookie
_cs_
<digits>
*
Expiry
Session
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
ContentSquare
Purpose
Analytics
Description
ContentSquare assists with optimising the website design.
Cookie
_pk_id
*
Expiry
2 years
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Matomo
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Recognise a returning visitor.
Cookie
_pk_ses
*
Expiry
30 minutes
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Matomo
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Recognise a returning visitor.
Cookie
optimizelySession
Expiry
180 days
Domain
visa.com
Company
Optimizely
Purpose
Analytics
Description
This cookie gets the current domain to determine whether cross-domain syncing is possible.
Cookie
optimizelyDomainTestCookie
Expiry
6 months
Domain
visa.com
Company
Optimizely, Inc.
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Optimizely sets this cookie to determine the current domain and to check whether cross-domain syncing is possible.
Cookie
optimizelyRumLB
Expiry
Session
Domain
rum.optimizely.com
Company
Optimizely, Inc.
Purpose
Analytics
Description
Used by Analytics platform Optimizely to provide A/B testing by changing the site design for a sample of users. Movements are tracked to gather data on the most successful site variation.
Cookie
ELOQUA
Expiry
2 years
Domain
eloqua.com
Company
Eloqua, Oracle Corporation
Purpose
Analytics
Description
This cookie has a value pair of guid = randomly generated string of characters and numbers. Used for data lookup which allows the dynamic pulling of data from the Eloqua system for use on a given web page. The range of data that can be returned is virtually unlimited allowing for Contact, Prospect, Data Card, Group membership or Visitor data to be returned. Data lookups are used to populate data in a form or validate if the contact is part of an email group.
Cookie
ELQSTATUS
Expiry
2 years
Domain
eloqua.com
Company
Eloqua, Oracle Corporation
Purpose
Analytics
Description
This cookie gets dropped ONLY if the client consents to being tracked. Used for data lookup which allows the dynamic pulling of data from the Eloqua system for use on a given web page. The range of data that can be returned is virtually unlimited allowing for Contact, Prospect, Data Card, Group membership or Visitor data to be returned. Data lookups are used to populate data in a form or validate if the contact is part of an email group.
36
Marketing, personalization and advertising
Consent for: Marketing, personalization and advertising
These technologies gather information about your browsing. We also work with advertising partners to serve you personalized ads online. For information on our marketing and advertising activities
visit our Global Privacy Center
Detailed description of cookies categorised as: Marketing, personalization and advertising.
Cookie
Expiry
Domain
Company
Purpose
Description
Cookie
CMID
Expiry
1 year
Domain
casalemedia.com
Company
Casale Media Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects data about users on behalf of Advertising platform Casale Media Inc.. The data is used to control advertisement delivery factors including how often an advert is shown and to make adjustments to their campaigns.
Cookie
CMPRO
Expiry
90 days
Domain
casalemedia.com
Company
Casale Media Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects data about users on behalf of Advertising platform Casale Media Inc.. The data is used to control advertisement delivery factors including how often an advert is shown and to make adjustments to their campaigns.
Cookie
CMPS
Expiry
90 days
Domain
casalemedia.com
Company
Casale Media Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects data about users on behalf of Advertising platform Casale Media Inc.. The data is used to control advertisement delivery factors including how often an advert is shown and to make adjustments to their campaigns.
Cookie
tuuid
Expiry
2 years
Domain
company-target.com
Company
Demandbase Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Behavioural tracking by the means of cookies, allowing for the delivery of targeted adverts.
Cookie
tuuid_lu
Expiry
2 years
Domain
company-target.com
Company
Demandbase Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Behavioural tracking by the means of cookies, allowing for the delivery of targeted adverts.
Cookie
SERVERID
Expiry
1 minute
Domain
eyeota.net
Company
Eyeota Limited
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Used by Eyeota that helps publishers maximize their audience data revenues, and empowers advertisers to target the exact audience they want. Eyeota claims to have 1 Billion Unique Global Proﬁles.
Cookie
bcookie
Expiry
2 years
Domain
linkedin.com
Company
LinkedIn Corporation
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform
Cookie
lidc
Expiry
1 day
Domain
linkedin.com
Company
LinkedIn Corporation
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Set by social networking platform LinkedIn Corporation when you load web pages that include a panel inviting you to Follow us.
Cookie
li_gc
Expiry
2 years
Domain
linkedin.com
Company
LinkedIn Corporation
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Used to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
Cookie
ar_debug
Expiry
1 year
Domain
pinterest.com
Company
Pinterest
Purpose
Social networking
Description
This cookie ensures that you can share our website pages via Pinterest by means of the 'share' button.
Cookie
_pinterest_ct_ua
Expiry
1 year
Domain
ct.pinterest.com
Company
Pinterest
Purpose
Social networking
Description
This cookie ensures that you can share our website pages via Pinterest by means of the 'share' button.
Cookie
_pin_unauth
Expiry
1 year
Domain
usa.visa.com
Company
Pinterest
Purpose
Social networking
Description
This cookie ensures that you can share our website pages via Pinterest by means of the 'share' button.
Cookie
tvid
Expiry
1 year
Domain
tremorhub.com
Company
Tremor International Ltd.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Online video advertising software company
Cookie
tv_UIDM
Expiry
1 year, 1 month
Domain
tremorhub.com
Company
Tremor International Ltd.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Online video advertising software company
Cookie
sd-session-id
Expiry
5 years
Domain
live.rezync.com
Company
Zeta Interactive Corp.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Uses AI to unlock consumer intent, personalise experiences and drive customer acquisition, retention and growth.
Cookie
zync-uuid
Expiry
10 years
Domain
rezync.com
Company
Zeta Interactive Corp.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Uses AI to unlock consumer intent, personalise experiences and drive customer acquisition, retention and growth.
Cookie
demdex
Expiry
2 years
Domain
demdex.net
Company
Adobe Media Optimizer, Adobe Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Used to build unique audience profiles. The audience management capabilities in Adobe Media Optimizer integrate online and offline data from every imaginable source to deliver a unified view of all  audiences. Used by companies to quickly identify their most valuable customers and deliver targeted messages that inspire them to act.
Cookie
dpm
Expiry
2 years
Domain
dpm.demdex.net
Company
Adobe Media Optimizer, Adobe Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Used to build unique audience profiles. The audience management capabilities in Adobe Media Optimizer integrate online and offline data from every imaginable source to deliver a unified view of all  audiences. Used by companies to quickly identify their most valuable customers and deliver targeted messages that inspire them to act.
Cookie
_gcl_au
Expiry
3 months
Domain
visa.com
Company
AdSense, Google LLC
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Google AdSense gather statistics on the use of their service to help inform marketing decisions
Cookie
MSPTC
Expiry
1 year
Domain
bing.com
Company
Bing, Microsoft Corporation
Purpose
Advertising
Description
This cookie is widely used my Microsoft as a unique user identifier. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
Cookie
MUID
Expiry
2 years
Domain
bing.com
Company
Bing, Microsoft Corporation
Purpose
Advertising
Description
This cookie is widely used my Microsoft as a unique user identifier. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
Cookie
_uetsid
Expiry
30 minutes
Domain
visa.com
Company
Bing, Microsoft Corporation
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Maintains a session with Microsoft Inc. advertising platform Bing.
Cookie
_uetvid
Expiry
2 weeks, 2 days
Domain
visa.com
Company
Bing, Microsoft Corporation
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Identify an existing user by Microsoft Bing's advertising suite Universal Event Tracking.
Cookie
IDE
Expiry
2 years
Domain
doubleclick.net
Company
DoubleClick, Google LLC
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Contains a unique code to determine which advertisements have been shown on a device, on behalf of Google Inc. Advertising platform DoubleClick. Allows monitoring of the effectiveness of the ads and make the ads more relevant to the user.
Cookie
test_cookie
Expiry
15 minutes
Domain
doubleclick.net
Company
DoubleClick, Google LLC
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Tests if the user's browser supports cookies, on behalf of Google Inc. Advertising platform DoubleClick.
Cookie
_fbp
Expiry
90 days
Domain
visa.com
Company
Facebook, Meta Platforms, Inc.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
This cookie will help deliver our advertising to people who have already visited our website when they are on Facebook or a digital platform powered by Facebook Advertising.
Cookie
data-rk
Expiry
1 year
Domain
media.net
Company
Media.Net, Beijing ShuZhi Technology Co.,Ltd.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Contextual advertising
Cookie
eud
Expiry
2 years, 5 months
Domain
rfihub.com
Company
Rocket Fuel, Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects anonymous user data on behalf of Advertising platform Rocket Fuel, Inc.. Information such as which ads have been shown and on which pages, whether the user clicked them, IP address, whether the user purchased an item from a partner of Rocket Fuel, Inc.. This information is used with proprietary technology to target audiences and deliver personalized ads.
Cookie
euds
Expiry
Session
Domain
rfihub.com
Company
Rocket Fuel, Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects anonymous user data on behalf of Advertising platform Rocket Fuel, Inc.. Information such as which ads have been shown and on which pages, whether the user clicked them, IP address, whether the user purchased an item from a partner of Rocket Fuel, Inc.. This information is used with proprietary technology to target audiences and deliver personalized ads.
Cookie
rud
Expiry
2 years, 5 months
Domain
rfihub.com
Company
Rocket Fuel, Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects anonymous user data on behalf of Advertising platform Rocket Fuel, Inc.. Information such as which ads have been shown and on which pages, whether the user clicked them, IP address, whether the user purchased an item from a partner of Rocket Fuel, Inc.. This information is used with proprietary technology to target audiences and deliver personalized ads.
Cookie
ruds
Expiry
Session
Domain
rfihub.com
Company
Rocket Fuel, Amazon Europe Core S.a.r.l.
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Collects anonymous user data on behalf of Advertising platform Rocket Fuel, Inc.. Information such as which ads have been shown and on which pages, whether the user clicked them, IP address, whether the user purchased an item from a partner of Rocket Fuel, Inc.. This information is used with proprietary technology to target audiences and deliver personalized ads.
Cookie
muc_ads
Expiry
2 years
Domain
t.co
Company
Twitter, X Corp.
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Collects anonymous data and monitors how users navigate and interact with the Site and Services of real-time information networking platform Twitter, Inc.. The aim is to customize and improve the Services.
Cookie
personalization_id
Expiry
2 years
Domain
twitter.com
Company
Twitter, X Corp.
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Collects anonymous data and monitors how users navigate and interact with the Site and Services of real-time information networking platform Twitter, Inc.. The aim is to customise and improve the Services.
Cookie
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Expiry
240 days
Domain
youtube.com
Company
YouTube, Google LLC
Purpose
Advertising
Description
Remembers if YouTube should show the new-style or old-style video interface to you.
Cookie
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Expiry
180 days
Domain
youtube.com
Company
YouTube, Google LLC
Purpose
Social networking
Description
Indicates acceptance of YouTube's privacy review
Cookie
YSC
Expiry
Session
Domain
youtube.com
Company
YouTube, Google LLC
Purpose
Social networking
Description
A unique identifier given to site visitor when viewing a video.
Cookie Notice
For more information about the use of cookies, please see the
Visa Cookie Notice
.
Powered by
Digital Control Room
Sub-policy 3
https://squareup.com/legal/privacy-no-account:
JavaScript is required for full functionality of this site.
Learn how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
General
Privacy Notice for Users Who Do Not Apply or Sign Up for a Square Account or Other Services
For users who apply or sign up for a Square Account,
click here
.
Last Updated: March 28, 2023
We’ve included annotations in the gray boxes below to emphasize certain portions of our notice and help guide you as you read them. The annotations aren’t summaries, so please take the time to read everything!
If you are a consumer shopping at a business that uses Square, this privacy notice applies to you. It explains
what data we collect about you
,
what we do with it
,
when and why we share it with others
, how long we
keep it
, how we
secure
it,
what cookies are and what they (and similar technologies) do
, what data is collected about you by
third party service providers
, and what
choices
you have to control your data.
By using our services you consent to these data practices.
This Privacy Notice describes how Block, Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “Square,” “we,” and “us”) collect, use, disclose, transfer, store, retain or otherwise process your information when you (whether you are a person or business) access or use in any manner any Square services (including, but not limited to through a Square Invoice, at a point of sale, using Online Store or any of Square API products, or scheduling an appointment) through Square’s website or applications (collectively, “Services”); or otherwise contact or interact with us, even if you have not applied or signed up for a Square account or other Service or downloaded one of our applications.
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of our Services, and covers information collected in connection with your access to and use of our Services. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. By continuing to interact with our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Our Privacy Notice explains:
Information We Collect about You
Sources of Information
How We Use Your Information
When and with Whom We Share Your Information
Cookies and Other Similar Automated Technologies
Third-party Analytics
How Long We Keep Your Information
Your Choices
Children’s Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Storage and Processing
Changes to this Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We use your data to make Square’s products and services work better for you and for others. This describes what data we collect about you (which can vary depending on where you live).
We collect information about you to, for example, provide you with the Services or the support you request. The type of information we collect can vary depending on the country from which you access our Services. Additionally, you can choose to voluntarily provide information to us.
Information You Provide
We use data you put into our systems when you interact with someone who uses Square, like financial information, information that identifies who you are, transaction information, and any other data you give us.
We collect information you provide when you upload or send to or through our Services (including information you provide when you request delivery of an invoice from your Seller or schedule an appointment), communicate with us, answer our surveys, upload content, make a payment at a Square Seller, or otherwise use or access the Services.
We collect information you provide us, including:
Identification Information.
Your name; email address; mailing address; phone number; and signature (for example, when you sign a receipt at a Square Seller).
Financial Information.
Bank account and payment card numbers.
Transaction Information.
When you use our Services to make or record payments, or request delivery of an invoice from your Seller, we collect information about when and where the transactions occur, the names of the transacting parties, a description of the transactions, the payment or transfer amounts, billing and shipping information, and the devices and payment methods used to complete the transactions.
Other Information You Provide.
Information that you voluntarily provide to us, including your survey responses; participation in contests, promotions, or other forms or devices; suggestions for improvements; information disclosed to the chatbots that operate on our Services; referrals; or any other actions performed on the Services.
Information We Collect from Your Use of our Services
We also get data about you and the devices you use when you interact with our systems, like the mobile device you use to pay a Square seller and its location.
We use this data to do things like
help combat fraud, check if payments are being made legally, and send you information you ask for or agree to get.
We collect information about you and the devices you use to access the Services, such as your computer, mobile phone, or tablet. The information that we collect includes:
Location information.
The location of your device, such as if you pay with Apple or Android Pay. This may in some circumstances include precise geolocation information. You can disable collection of location information by changing the preferences on your mobile device or by choosing to pay with a payment instrument other than Apple or Android Pay.
Device information.
Information about your device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, device name, unique device identifier, mobile network information, and information about the device’s interaction with our Services.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
. Information about how you use and interact with our Services, including your access time, “log-in” and “log-out” information, browser type and language, country and language setting on your device, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the domain name of your internet service provider, other attributes about your browser, mobile device and operating system, features you use, and the date and time of your visit to or use of the Services.
Customer Information.
Information you provide to a Seller using our Services, for example if you are a customer who provides a Seller with your email address, phone number, payment information, or other information.
SOURCES OF INFORMATION
We also need to check that you are using our services legally, that you are eligible for the services you want to use, and we protect your data and our services from fraudsters who may put you and your money at risk. To do this, we may collect data about you from companies that help us verify your identity, do a credit check, prevent fraud or assess risk.
Besides collecting information directly from
you
, from
how you use our services
, and from our group companies and affiliates, we also collect (and/or have collected during at least the 12-month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice) information about you from other sources, including:
Information Entered by Your Seller
. Any information your Square Seller enters into our systems about you.
Identity Verification.
Information from third parties and publicly available sources in order to verify your identity.
Credit, Compliance and Fraud.
Information about you from third parties in connection with any credit investigation, credit eligibility, identity or account verification process, fraud detection process, or collection procedure, or as may otherwise be required by applicable law. This includes, without limitation, the receipt and exchange of account or credit-related information with any credit reporting agency or credit bureau, where lawful, and any person or corporation with whom you have had, currently have, or may have a financial relationship, including without limitation past, present, and future places of employment, financial institutions, and personal reporting agencies.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your data to do things like process your payments, send you information about your transaction, figure out if our services work in your country, secure your data, fight fraud, follow the law, enforce our agreements, figure out what new products we can build, and help your seller market to you.
We may collect, use and share (or have collected, used or shared during at least the 12-month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Notice), information about you for the following reasons:
Providing, Improving, and Developing our Services
Determining whether the Services are available in your country;
Processing or recording payment transactions or money transfers;
Displaying your historical transaction or appointment information;
Providing, maintaining, and improving our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Delivering the information and support you request, including invoices, and scheduling information;
Improving, personalizing, and facilitating your use of our Services;
Measuring, tracking, and analyzing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services; and
Otherwise providing you with the products and features you choose to use.
Communicating with You About our Services
Sending you surveys and getting your feedback about our Services; and
Sending you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us about our products and services.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining a Trusted Environment
Conducting investigations, complying with and enforcing any applicable laws, regulations, legal requirements, and industry standards, and responding to lawful requests for information from the government or to valid legal process;
Contacting you to resolve disputes and help you with our Services;
Debugging to identify and fix errors that impair how our Services function;
Enforcing our
Terms of Service
or other applicable agreements or policies;
Investigating, detecting, preventing, recovering from, or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, or other potentially prohibited, malicious, or illegal activities;
Protecting our, our Sellers’, or your rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services;
Verifying or maintaining the quality and safety of our Services; and
Verifying your identity.
Advertising and Marketing
Marketing of our Services; and
Communicating with you about opportunities, products, services, contests, promotions, discounts, incentives, surveys, and rewards offered by us and select partners.
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” of receiving future marketing or other communications.
Other Uses
For any other reason we may tell you about from time to time.
WHEN AND WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We share your information with others in the circumstances described in this section.  For example, with other people with whom you interact when you use our services; within our family of companies (like
Cash App
and
Weebly
), who may offer services that we think could be useful to you; with service providers who help us run our services; or if we need to share your information to comply with the law.
We may share the information described in the
“Information We Collect About You”
section with the following categories of service providers and third parties:
With Other Users of our Services with Whom You Interact
With other users of our Services (like your Square Seller) with whom you interact through your own use of our Services. For example, we may share information when you make a payment or appointment with a Square Seller.
With our Affiliates and Group Companies
With our group companies and corporate affiliates, including Cash App and Afterpay for the reasons outlined above. For example, we may share your information internally to understand how you engage with Square company products to help make our Services better for you and for everyone, and to help us build Services tailored to your preferences.
Your information internally to help protect our services and maintain a trusted environment.
With Our Service Providers
With service providers who help us to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, including service providers who access information about you to perform services on our behalf (e.g., vendors who help us with fraud prevention, identity verification, and fee collection services), as well as financial institutions, payment networks, payment card associations, credit bureaus, and other entities that help us provide the Services;
With Advertising Partners
We share your information with advertising partners for interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising” campaigns, and with advertising partners that help analyze our site, run contests, special offers, or other events or activities, and track metrics on our behalf, on behalf of your Square Seller, or in connection with our Services. For more information on how we share your information for advertising and analytics purposes through the use of cookies please see
here
. For how to opt-out of targeted advertising and for other choices you may have relating to receiving advertising, please see
here
. Although we disclose your personal information to third parties as described in this section, we do not sell your personal information.
Business Transfers and Corporate Changes
To a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of one or more of the Services; or
If we do or try to do a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring (including during due diligence and negotiation of these); the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets; the financing, acquisition, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business; or other corporate change.
Safety and Compliance with Law
If we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary (i) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (e.g., from creditors, tax authorities, law enforcement agencies, in response to a garnishment, levy, or lien notice, etc.); (ii) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (iii) to enforce or comply with our
General Terms
or other applicable agreements or policies; (iv) to protect our or our customers’ rights or property, or the security or integrity of our Services; (v) for an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vi) to protect us, users of our Services, or the public from harm, fraud, or potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
With Others With Your Consent
With your consent. For example:
At your direction or as described at the time you agree to share; or
When you authorize a third party application or website to access your information.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
We also may share (within our group of companies or affiliates, or with service providers or other third parties) aggregated and anonymized information that does not specifically identify you or any individual user of our Services.
COOKIES, OTHER SIMILAR AUTOMATED TECHNOLOGIES, AND ADVERTISING
Digital cookies and similar technologies help us make our services better to use by doing things like recognizing when you’ve signed in, analyzing how you use our services so we can make them more useful to you, giving you a more personalized experience, and making our ads to you work better.
When you interact with our online services, or open emails we send you, we obtain certain information using automated technologies, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies.  A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser.  A “web beacon,” also known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image that may be used in our websites or emails.
We use these automated technologies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.  These technologies help us to:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it;
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails;
Tailor our online services to your preferences;
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services.
We set some of these automated technologies ourselves, but others are set by third parties who deliver services on our behalf.  For example, we may use other companies’ web analytics services (described in the
“Third-Party Analytics Services”
section), which use automated technologies to help us evaluate how customers use our websites. Some of these technologies may also be set by third parties that help us advertise our products and services to you as informed by your interests, based on information collected from your activity on the web, including but not limited to, browsing or purchasing products on or through our websites or on third party websites or your activity on mobile sites and applications. This advertising approach is called interest-based advertising or “targeted advertising.”
Your browser can alert you when cookies are placed on your device, and how you can stop or disable them via your browser settings. More information on how to manage these settings on common browsers and devices are below.
Manage cookie settings in
Chrome
and
Chrome Android
and
Chrome iOS
Manage cookie settings in
Firefox
Manage cookie settings in
Internet Explorer
Manage cookie settings in
Microsoft Edge
Manage cookie settings in
Safari
and
Safari iOS
Please note, however, that without cookies all of the features of our online services may not work properly.  If you use a mobile device, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by changing the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.  You can learn more about cookies and how to manage your preferences by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
You can also opt out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
Within mobile applications, you may also go to your device settings and select “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices), or “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices), which will allow you to limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device (such as precise location data) for the purposes of serving interest-based advertising to you.
Please also see the “Your Choices” section for other ways to opt-out of interest-based or targeted advertising.
THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS
We use other companies to help us analyze our site, track metrics, and advertise to you. These companies generally promised us under contract to keep data private but have their own privacy policies that you should be aware of.
Our analytics partners help us with our online services, such as Google Analytics, Facebook, BugSnag, and Crashlytics.  The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze how you use our online services.  We may disclose your
site-use information
(including IP address) to these analytics providers, and other service providers who use the information to help us figure out how you and others use our online services.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/
or
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
.
To learn more about how Facebook uses your data please visit
https://www.facebook.com/help/325807937506242/
or log on to your Facebook account and access your settings. To understand more about Facebook advertising please see here
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
.
To learn more about BugSnag, please visit
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
To learn more about Crashlytics, please visit
https://fabric.io/terms
.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We keep your information as long as you keep using our products and services. After that, we keep it for as long as we need it to do things like fight fraud, collect fees you owe, resolve disputes with (or involving) you, follow the law, enforce our agreements and defend our rights in court.
We keep your information as long as is necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice, including to provide you the Services, to comply with applicable law and legal obligations, to defend our legal rights, property, and users. We may keep copies of information about you and any transactions or Services in which you may have participated for a period of time that is consistent with certain criteria, such as applicable law, applicable statute of limitations, or as we believe is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, to detect or prevent fraud, to collect fees owed, to resolve disputes, to address problems with our Services, to assist with investigations, to enforce our
General Terms
or other applicable agreements or policies, or to take any other actions consistent with applicable law.
YOUR CHOICES
As described further below, you may be entitled to certain rights with respect to your personal information. You can also
see, change or fix
information you gave us, control your
location information
, or
opt out of receiving promotional messages from us
.
Your Personal Information Rights
We are generally service providers for (or provide services on behalf of) the sellers with whom you interact. For example, we may be a service provider of the coffee shop that took your payment using Square. Note that when we are acting in a service provider capacity, you should consult the seller’s privacy notice for mechanisms they may offer you to exercise these rights.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may be entitled under applicable law to request:
Access to your personal information, including: (1) the categories of personal information described above that we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information; (2) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or sharing such personal information; (3) the categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such personal information; and (5) in portable format, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
Deletion of the personal information we have collected from you;
Correction of the personal information we have collected about you;
To opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
As stated above, to the extent we are acting on behalf of a seller as a service provider, for example, when we process your payments on their behalf, you can exercise these rights directly with the seller(s). You may also be entitled to submit a request through an authorized agent. You may also email us privacy@squareup.com to appeal our denial of any of your access, deletion, or correction requests.
You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” link in the footer of any page on our browser site.
Although some of the information we collect and process about you may be considered sensitive personal information, we only process such information for purposes authorized by law. For example, we may use your precise geolocation information, as described further below, in order to provide you with certain services you request from us.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise these privacy rights, or deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Location Information
In order to provide certain Services (like let you use Apple or Google Pay to pay a Square Seller), we may request access to location information, including precise geolocation information collected from your device. If you do not consent to the collection of this information, certain Services will not function properly and you will not be able to use those Services. You can stop our collection of location information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, mobile payments may no longer function.
Do Not Track
Certain web browsers allow you to instruct your browser to respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals to websites you visit, informing those sites that you do not want your online activities to be tracked.  At this time, our websites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Square or Square Sellers, if those messages are powered by Square, by following the instructions in those messages and by informing the caller that you would not like to receive future promotional calls. You may only opt-out of text messages from Square by replying STOP. Opting out of receiving communications may impact your use of the Services. If you decide to opt out, we can still send you non-promotional communications, such as an invoice that you request.
CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you are a child under 13, please don’t use our services. If we collect your data and later learn you are a child under 13, we will delete it.
Our Services are general audience services not directed at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect, share, or sell any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information.
HOW WE SECURE INFORMATION
We do a lot to keep your data safe. While we think we have strong defenses in place, no one can ever guarantee that hackers won’t be able to break into our sites or steal your data while it is stored or flowing from you to us or vice versa.
We take reasonable measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your information from loss, theft, and misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, the internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot guarantee absolute security of the transmission or storage of your information. We hold information about you both at our own premises and with the assistance of third-party service providers.
For more information about our security practices, please visit
https://squareup.com/security
.
STORAGE AND PROCESSING
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live.
We may, and we may use third-party service providers to, process and store your information in the United States, Canada, Japan, the European Union, and other countries.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We can change this privacy notice. If you disagree with the changes, you can stop using our services.
We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time by posting a revised version and updating the “Effective Date” above. The revised version will be effective on the “Effective Date” listed. If you disagree with these changes, you may stop using our Services at any time. Your continued use of our Services constitutes your consent to any amendment of this Privacy Notice.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns at the address below.
Please contact our privacy team with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice:
FAO: Data Protection Officer
Squareup International Ltd.
Fumbally Square
Fumbally Lane
Dublin 8, Ireland
privacy-eu@squareup.com
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our notice, or if you believe our notice or applicable laws relating to the protection of your personal information have not been respected, you may file a complaint with our privacy team listed above. We will respond to let you know when you can expect a further response. We may request additional details from you regarding your concerns and may need to engage or consult with other parties in order to investigate and address your issue. We may keep records of your request and any resolution. If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you can contact your local data protection authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html).
General
Privacy Notice
Generative AI Terms
Terms of Service
Government
Additional Point of Sale Terms
Declaration of Conformity
Developer Terms of Service
Fee Schedule
Hardware Policies and Limited Warranty
Payment Terms
E-sign Consent
Square Buyer Account Terms of Use
Intellectual Property Policy
Choose your region and language
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)
Australia (English)
Canada (English)
Canada (Français)
France (Français)
Ireland (English)
日本 (日本語)
España (Español)
Espanya (Català)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
Estados Unidos (Español)