Features
Highlights
Explore
Google Route Planner
International Route Planner
Pricing
Customers
Industries Using our Route Optimization Software
Deliveries
Truck Drivers
Road Trip
Service & Maintenance
Sales Reps.
Support
User Guides
Case Studies
Blog
FAQ
Login
Privacy Policy
MyRouteOnline respects the privacy of our customers.
We respect the privacy of our customers and others with whom we correspond. We never sell or share detailed customer information with anyone. We never share e-mail contents (as a testimonial for example) without an expressed permission.
We do maintain a customer database. We may send emails to inform our customers of new product releases or services available and other information that they may find interesting.
We may also contact our customers via surveys to conduct research about our current or potential services.
We may make use of customers’ company name as a way to communicate our sales message to prospective customers. For example, if your company purchases a license, we may add your company’s name to the list of customers shown on our web site. We always honor requests to remove a company name from that list.
We’ve enabled remarketing advertising features via Google advertising cookies. A cookie is a string of data, sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are required in order to use MyRouteOnline route planner. We use them for the process of geo-coding, in the beginning of your route-planning and when you visit our website again, the cookies allow us to recognize your addresses.
You can choose to opt-out of the use of your data for interest-based advertising by downloading and installing this
add-on
for your web browser.
You may unsubscribe from MyRouteOnline communications by clicking on the opt-out link located at the bottom of our emails or by sending an email to
unsubscribe@MyRouteOnline.com
.
Alternatively, you may unsubscribe and/or delete your account by contacting MyRouteOnline Support at:
support@MyRouteOnline.com
. Once We receive your request, we will remove your email address from our mailing list and delete your account from our records, within 24-48 hours.
MyRouteOnline app
The MyRouteOnline app requires full location access to track and show arrival notifications while the App is in Navigation mode or is running in the background. The MyRouteOnline app does not perform location tracking when it is not navigating between stops. The tracking data is stored for up to 30 days and then it is automatically deleted.
Driver location data:
MyRouteOnline collects your location data when you use MyRoute app, for local notifications and other Arrival & Distance indications within the App. This information is also used for Tracking purposes, if you choose to use this feature, and is generaaly used to improve your experience. This data is collected while navigating. Location data is sent to the server, only if the driver specifically turns on the mobile device’s location, under device’s settings, for tracking purposes.
Driver location data is the latitude and longitude of the driver which is combined from various data sources such as the device’s GPS, cell-tower, Wi-Fi, etc.  It is only collected when the driver is using MyRoute app and doesn’t access or store any data from the device while not in navigation mode.
Location Permissions can be updated anytime, under your mobile device’s settings.
While you do not require an additional account to use MyRoute app, you may unsubscribe from MyRoute in the same way you unsubscribe from MyRouteOnline. Click on the opt-out link located at the bottom of our emails or Email us at
unsubscribe@MyRouteOnline.com
. You can also unsubscribe and/or delete your account by contacting MyRouteOnline Support at:
support@MyRouteOnline.com
. Once We receive your request, we will remove your email address from our mailing list and delete your account from our records, within 24-48 hours.
Note: To request your complete personal data deletion, please send your Data Erasure Request to our support team at:
support@MyRouteOnline.com
.
MyRouteOnline may update its privacy policy and you may review it at any time.
Plan Your Routes – Start Free Now
Start Free Now
We use cookies on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Privacy Policy
Accept