Kumobius Privacy Policy
Who we are
Kumobius Pty Ltd (Australian Company Number 151 779 609) is an Australian video game company. We create and publish video games, including Bean's Quest, Time Surfer, Duet, Bean Dreams, Basket Fall, High Risers and Piece Out. We also create and run websites with information about our games including
kumobius.com
,
timesurfergame.com
,
duetgame.com
,
beandreamsgame.com
,
basketfall.com
,
highrisersgame.com
,
pieceoutgame.com
.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
hello@kumobius.com
About this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how we will use and protect any information that you give us when you use our games or websites.
This privacy policy will let you know:
What information is collected;
How your information is used;
How your information may be shared; and,
How you can access, update, or delete your information.
We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
This policy was last updated 2018-05-25.
User age limits
We do not knowingly collect, store or use any Personal Information about users aged under 14. If you believe we may have collected, stored or used Personal Information about a user aged under 14, please contact us immediately at
hello@kumobius.com
and we will permanently destroy that information.
What information do we collect, and how do we use it?
Information collected can be personal to you or non-personal, and sometimes information that doesn't appear to be personal can become personal if certain other facts are learned. No matter how we come to collect your information, we will always treat it in accordance with this document, and any applicable legislation.
We collect information in three ways.
Information collected automatically;
Information you provide to us; and
Information collected by our partners.
Information collected automatically
Certain information may be collected automatically when you play one of our games. This includes:
Data about your game progress, such as your high scores, or which levels you have completed. This data will be saved to your device and may also be saved to the platforms' cloud save feature, if available.
This information is not directly accessible to us, and is only used to save and restore your in-game progress.
Information you provide to us
Certain information may be provided by you directly to us. This includes:
If you contact us with a comment or query, we keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence.
This information is only used by us to reply back to you.
From time to time we may operate a limited beta test for our games. If you choose participate we will ask for your name and email, as well as information about your device such as operating system and device ID.
This information is only used by us to improve our games and to send updated beta versions of our games to you.
Information we collect from our third-party partners
To operate and manage our services we need to use third party service providers from time to time. A list of those parties can be found in this privacy policy. The type of information we might collect from them includes:
If you purchase one of our games or an in-app purchase, we may receive information about you such as your name, location and the product you purchased.
This information is only used by us if you have a problem with an order, such as issuing a refund.
Platform holders may provide us with aggregated and anonymous crash and error reports if our games crash or have other problems.
This information is only used by us to identify and fix bugs in our games.
Platform holders provide us with aggregated and anonymous sales data such as units sold, revenue generated and tax paid.
This information is only used by us for internal reporting and financial accounting purposes.
Platform holders may provide us with aggregated and anonymous storefront analytics, including number of page impressions, and number of clicks.
This information is only used by us to modify our storefront description, videos and images to improve our storefronts.
Ad networks provide us with aggregated and anonymous ad display data such as ads requested, number of clicks and revenue generated.
This information is only used by us for internal reporting and financial accounting purposes.
What is Personal Information?
'Personal Information' is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by us if you submit it to us directly.
What about Sensitive Information?
Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
We will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
Third Party Service Providers
Platform Holders
Our games are made available for purchase and download by platform holders and vendors. All reasonable endeavours are used to ensure that these platform holders comply with all applicable legislation in the provision of their services towards us.
When registering for these platforms they may collect information about you in accordance with their privacy policies. Some of this may be personal information, and some of it non-personal information. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any platform holder with whom you are interacting before doing so.
The list of our platform holder privacy policies may be found here:
Apple:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
and
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Amazon:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Steam:
https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/
Humble Bundle:
https://www.humblebundle.com/privacy
Advertising
Advertisements from third party ad networks may be displayed in our games. All reasonable endeavours are used to ensure that these ad networks comply with all applicable legislation in the provision of their services towards us.
If you click on any advertisements through our game, the advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data, to provide targeted advertisements to you. Some of this may be personal information, and some of it non-personal information. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with whom you are interacting before doing so.
The list of our ad networks privacy policies may be found here:
AdColony:
http://privacy.adcolony.com
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
ironSource:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/unity/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
UnityAds:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy
Opting out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest-based ads" (Android). This will also prevent mobile device identifiers from being collected.
Access to, and permanent deletion of your information
We will retain your information only as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
No matter how we come in contact with your information, you have the right to access the information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions.
Information Subject Requests
In the event that you send a information subject request to us, or one of our third-party partners informs us that you have contacted them directly about your personal information they collected while you were using our service, we will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.
If you wish to know what information we hold about you, if any, please make out your request to us in writing to
hello@kumobius.com
. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in our database, we will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
https://kumobius.com/privacy.html
. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy to
hello@kumobius.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/:

Sub-policy 3
https://www.humblebundle.com/privacy:
Bundles
Open submenu
Store
Open submenu
Choice
Blog
About
Open submenu
Sign Up
Log In
Close submenu
Bundles
Games
Books
Software
Close submenu
Store
Popular
Open submenu
Top Genres
Open submenu
Top Platforms
Open submenu
Featured
Open submenu
Close submenu
Popular
On Sale
Bestselling
New Releases
Pre-order
Books
Software
Deals Under $5
Deals Under $10
Deals Under $20
Great on Handhelds
Close submenu
Top Genres
RPG
Virtual Reality
Simulation
Strategy
Action
Adventure
Indie
Racing
All Genres
Close submenu
Top Platforms
Windows
Nintendo Switch
Steam
Mac
Oculus Rift
Linux
All platforms
Close submenu
Featured
RoboCop: Rogue City: Alex Murphy Edition
Monster Hunter Wilds
SILENT HILL 2
Enshrouded
PAYDAY 3
Close submenu
About
Our Story
Charities
Partners
Publishing
Support
Careers
Blog
Accessibility
Get Pacific Drive with March’s Humble Choice!
Bundles
Games
Books
Software
Store
Popular
On Sale
Bestselling
New Releases
Pre-order
Books
Software
Deals Under $5
Deals Under $10
Deals Under $20
Great on Handhelds
Top Genres
RPG
Virtual Reality
Simulation
Strategy
Action
Adventure
Indie
Racing
All Genres
Top Platforms
Windows
Nintendo Switch
Steam
Mac
Oculus Rift
Linux
All platforms
Featured
RoboCop: Rogue City: Alex Murphy Edition
Monster Hunter Wilds
SILENT HILL 2
Enshrouded
PAYDAY 3
Choice
Blog
About
Our Story
Charities
Affiliates
Support
Careers
Accessibility
Sign Up
Log In
Humble Bundle Privacy Policy
Effective December 2023
Humble Bundle, Inc., with its affiliates, subsidiaries, and parent company, Ziff Davis, Inc., (collectively,
"Humble Bundle"
) is a digital storefront for video games, acts as a video game publisher and owns, operates or provides access to interactive websites, mobile applications and other interactive features and services provides, which provide a community for developers and players.  Humble Bundle values your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of your information.
This Privacy Policy (or "policy") describes how Humble Bundle uses the personal information you provide and the rights you have. We have created this
privacy portal
to help you exercise your rights.
Privacy Policy Overview
Information We Collect, Receive and Create About You
Data Processing and Retention
Sensitive Personal Information
Direct Marketing
Behavioral Advertising
Cookies
Information We Share With Third Parties
International Transfers of Information
Data Security and Breach Handling
How to Control your Information
Your Rights with Respect to Your Personal Information
How to Change Your Preferences
Contact Details
Children
California Consumer Rights Metrics
How this Privacy Policy May Change
1. Privacy Policy Overview
Humble Bundle owns and operates several interactive websites, mobile and connected  applications, including their and other online interactive features and services (collectively "services" or "our services").
This policy covers information collected through the following websites and mobile applications.
Humble Bundle
Humble Games
Black Game Developers Fund
Humble Collection App
In part, the purpose of this policy is to notify users of Humble Bundle’s policies and practices with respect to their data. By using the services provided you have agreed to the
Terms of Use
(or ToU); and this policy is a part of the ToU.
2. Information We Collect, Receive and Create about You
We may collect or obtain information about you when you sign up, when you create profiles, pages or contributions, when you use and interact with our services and when you make your personal information public. In some cases, we may also receive information about you from third parties.
Data you provide when you sign up:
This is, for example, name, username, password, subscription information, and basic information about any other accounts you choose to associate with your registration, like your Apple, Facebook, or Google account.
Data you provide when you create profiles, pages or contributions:
This is user generated contributions, such as the contents of profiles, including your profile name, contact details and any demographic information you choose to provide; as well as any comments and posts made about us on social platforms or in the services. We seek to provide users with an opportunity to be a part of an online community and communicate and share with others. This can include personal information that users choose to share. We encourage all of our users to make conscious choices about what they share online. Humble Bundle, including its affiliates, subsidiaries and parent company, is not responsible for the information you disclose to the public using our services.
Inferences:
We may infer data about you based on your interests, where you live, what language(s) you speak, and other data we have access to.
Data we collect through your use of our services:
We make and keep records when we provide you support or assistance on our services. We may also collect information about how you interact with our various services (or parts of our services) or third party content you see on our apps and sites. We also collect data on how you interact with the ads you see.
Data we receive from third parties:
In some cases, we may receive information about you from third parties, for example, social networking sites. Please note that this policy does not cover the practices of third parties, including those that may disclose information to us.
3. Data Processing and Retention
We process your personal information in order to provide you the best experience of our services. We may also process your Information where the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights.
Below is a chart stating which categories of your personal information we process for which purposes specifically, and how long we retain that data. Our processing of your data is subject to your use of our service, your privacy preferences, and your account settings choices.
Personal Information
We may process the following categories of personal Information about you.
Categories of personal information
Purpose of processing
__________
legal basis
Retention Period
Account Information (Personal Details):
Information you provide to us such as, your name; postal address; telephone and/or mobile number; email address; login details, including username and password; and interests; public social media handles or profile(s).
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
__________
Legitimate interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Consent Records:
records of any consents you may have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
___________
Legitimate interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Customer Records:
electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, address, telephone number, or any financial information. We may also collect Personal Data information about you through your communications with our customer support team.
NOTE: Please ensure that no sensitive personal data is submitted in connection with your requests for support (for example, health information, political or religious beliefs, information about minors, etc.).
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
Customer records will be kept in accordance with applicable laws.
Demographic Information:
Information such as, gender; age/date of birth; language preferences.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Location Information:
We collect your IP address from which we can derive imprecise location information, for example, at the city or zip code level, of a user’s computer or device. We may also have this type of location information if you provide it to us during sign up or in your profile, project page, or contributions.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Inferences:
Inferences drawn from personal information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Transaction Information:
information on how you interact with the Services, including records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered such as the coupons you view and redeem, the gift cards you purchase or sell via our Services, how much you choose to pay and which charities you designate as recipients of your money; invoice records; financial information related to your transactions, information about you as needed to administer your participation in our rewards programs; payment information, including payment card number, expiration date, and CVN; billing address, payment method, cardholder or account holder name, payment amount and payment date; other information about how you use our Services, email, or searches for and interactions with e-commerce opportunities, such as how you interact with our merchants, business partners, and service providers, including, in some cases and where your settings permit, the items you purchase from those merchants.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
_____________
Performance of a contract
Legitimate Interest Consent
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Device Information and Device ID:
Device ID, which is a distinctive number associated with a smartphone or similar handheld device. As well as, device information, including Device type, operating system and software information, and settings.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Advertising Identifiers:
A user-resettable identification number for advertising associated with a device (e.g., iOS uses the Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and Android uses Google Advertising ID).
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
_________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
For the life of the account and a reasonable and legally compliant time thereafter.
Cookies
: Information collected through the use of cookies, eTags, Javascript, pixel tags, web beacons, device ID tracking, anonymous identifiers and other technologies, including information collected using such methods and technologies about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with, the Services, Subject to your privacy choices and settings, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“
Channels
”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “
Online Data
”).
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB's information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
_________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
In compliance with the Cookie Policy
Engagement Data:
Information about (i) your visits to, and interaction and engagement with the services, content and ads on third party websites, applications, platforms and other media channels (“
Channels
”), and (ii) your interaction with emails including the content and ads therein (collectively, “
Online Data
”), which are collected through the use of cookies and cookie like technologies.
Provide use of our services as agreed in the ToU.
Operating and improving our services.
Conducting surveys, contests & sweepstakes.
Communicating with users by any means.
Advertising.
Identification and development of audience engagement.
User engagement related to your purchases.
Fraud prevention.
Marketing with consent to customers.
Administration of HB’s information technology systems.
Electronic security measures.
Management of financial planning, reporting and development.
Investigating breaches of policy or criminal offenses in accordance with applicable law.
Legal proceedings.
Legal compliance.
Payment processing for third party developers’ games who do not have the ability to handle such operations.
____________
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Performance of contract
Compliance with applicable law
In compliance with the Cookie Policy
4. Sensitive Personal Information
We do not seek to collect or process sensitive personal information, such as, race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, or sex life. Where users choose to disclose sensitive personal information within profiles, contributions or other free-text fields available through Humble Bundle, we do not use the sensitive information for any additional purpose without consent, unless required to comply with laws, or prevent crimes.
5. Direct Marketing
We may use the contact details you provided us to reach out to you with information regarding services that may be of interest to you, for example, upcoming promotions. You may unsubscribe from our newsletter lists at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send.
6. Behavioral Advertising
Humble Bundle and third parties, subject to your privacy choices and settings, may collect data about your behavior while using our services in order to provide you with more relevant interest-based advertising on other websites and applications, as well as our partners’ platforms and media channels. If you do not wish to receive this advertising, you can change your preferences by
clicking here
. The specific providers we use for behavioral advertising may change from time to time.
7. Cookies
We may collect information about you through the use of cookies and similar technologies on our sites and apps, or your devices. In compliance with your privacy choices and settings, we also may permit our third-party service providers to perform various analytics functions and to provide you with more relevant or interest-based advertisements using cookies.
Some third parties may choose to use their own cookies for the purposes of collecting information relating to the viewing of their advertising. To learn more about how we use cookies, and to manage your preferences, please see our
Cookie Policy
.  This policy, and our Cookie Policy, are only intended to cover the use of cookies as they relate to Humble Bundle businesses.
8. Information We Share with Third Parties
Ziff Davis Companies:
Humble Bundle is owned by Ziff Davis Inc. We share your information with other businesses owned by Ziff Davis, Inc. ("Ziff Davis Companies") to assist us in the operation of our services, improve them, and further develop them.
We also share information with other Ziff Davis Companies for the purposes of targeted advertising. If you would like to opt out of the sale or sharing of your data with other Ziff Davis Companies, you can do so via our
privacy portal
.
Other Third Parties:
We may also share your personal information with the following:
Relevant third party provider, where our services use third party advertising, plugins or content, subject to your privacy choices and settings, and our ToU.
Merchants, business partners, or advertisers where you consented and chose to participate in offers, contests, or other activities.
third party Processors (such as analytic providers; data centers; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements and limitations;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Any party as directed by a law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal rights;
Law enforcement for the purposes of prevention, detection, or investigation of criminal offenses and any legal proceedings associated with them.
In the case of a full or partial acquisition, relevant third parties.
9. International Transfers of Information
We may transfer your information to recipients in other countries. Humble Bundle participates in the E.U.-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Framework and the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System. Where we transfer information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an adequate jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses.
Because of the international nature of our business, we may need to transfer your information within the Ziff Davis Companies, and to third parties as noted above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer your information to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located. We remain liable under the DPF Principles if any third parties that we transfer your personal information to process it in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Humble Bundle and its associated affiliates and subsidiaries complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Humble Bundle has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Humble Bundle has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
We are committed to staying current with developments related to the Data Privacy Framework and may update our transfer mechanisms and safeguards as necessary to remain compliant. Any updates will be reflected in this Privacy Policy.
If you are a European individual with a privacy related complaint, concern or question about Humble Bundle’s privacy practices, please contact us through our
privacy portal
. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Data Privacy Framework website, European individuals may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
  Where we transfer your personal information from the EEA to recipients located outside the EEA who are not in a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection for information, we do so on the basis of standard contractual clauses. You may request a copy of the relevant standard contractual clauses using our
privacy portal
. Please note that when you transfer any personal information directly to an entity established outside the EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your information. We will nevertheless process your information, from the point at which we receive the data, in accordance with the provisions of this policy.
Enforcement Authority
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Complaints Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Humble Bundle commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Humble Bundle at
privacy@humblebundle.com
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Humble Bundle commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TrustArc, an alternative dispute resolution provider.  The services of Trustarc are provided at no cost to you.  For further information please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
.
Under certain conditions, a binding arbitration option may be available to you in order to address complaints not resolved by any other means. For further information, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Humble Bundle commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
For a list of our subsidiaries and affiliates who also adhere to the DPF Principles, please click
here
.
Our privacy practices described in this Policy comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ("
APEC
") Cross Border Privacy Rules System. To learn more about this program, please click
here
.
10. Data Security and Breach Handling
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal information against unlawful destruction, loss alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access while in our possession. All parties we contract with must agree to provide reasonable data security measures for the customer information we share with them, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
If we learn of a security breach that affects our users, we may send an email or other direct communication to you, or post a blog to notify the public on our Help and Support Security Center. If you have any reason to believe that your data with us has been compromised (for example, there has been unauthorized access to your account), please contact us
privacy@humblebundle.com
.
11. Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this policy, and in accordance with applicable laws. For more details on how long data is retained see the table in Section 3.
12. Your Rights With Respect to Your Personal Information
Many privacy regulations afford consumers a number of specific rights. If you are a resident of the EU (under GDPR), UK (under the UK GDPR), Brazil (under the LGPD), several U.S. States, including California (CCPA), Virginia (under VCDPA), Colorado (under the CPA), and Connecticut (under the CTDPA), or another jurisdiction with similar privacy requirements, you have certain rights which may include those listed below.
Your rights:
Right to Withdraw Consent
: Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to Know
: You have a right to know what personal information we collect, process, and share or sell. This policy is meant to provide transparency with regard to your data. If you have additional questions, you can email us at
privacy@humblebundle.com
.
Right of Access
: You can request a copy of the personal information we have collected about you from us.
Right to Delete/Erase
: You can request us to delete all the information we have collected about you. It is important to note that by exercising your right to deletion you may lose access to your account and any purchases, points or features associated with it. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use some or all of your information to provide you services, contact us via the details in section 14.
Right to Request Rectification
: If you find that any of your information that we are processing is inaccurate, you can contact us to have your information corrected. In response, we will cancel or remove your information but may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. For certain requests, we may require additional information.
Right to Opt-out of the Sale or Sharing for Targeted Ads
: Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to Withdraw Consent
: Under some circumstances we may sell or share the personal data you provide to us to provide ads to you that align with your interests. If you would prefer not to have your data sold or shared, you can opt-out of selling or sharing by submitting a request via
privacy portal
or by emailing
privacy@humblebundle.com
. We may ask for additional information to verify your request.
Right to Object to the Processing
: You can object to our processing of your personal information via our
privacy portal
, under certain circumstances. By objecting to processing, you may not be able to access some or all of our services. This right is limited to personal data processed for commercial purposes.
Right to Object to the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
: You have the right to object to our use of your sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is information about your health, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, political opinions or philosophical beliefs. You should always be mindful about the personal information you share online, especially when it is sensitive in nature.
Right to Object to Automated Processing
: You have a right to object to the processing of your data for the purposes of automated decision making about you.
Right to Complain (EU,UK, Switzerland)
:  Should you wish to raise a complaint about the collection or use of your information, you have the right to do so without prejudice to any other rights you may have. You may lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Right to an Authorized Agent (CA)
:  If you would like to make a request on behalf of a California consumer who is a current or former customer, please provide an email from the email address we have on file for the customer authorizing the request. You may also make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act on behalf of a California consumer if you provide (1) a signed, written permission from the consumer to act on your behalf, and the consumer verifies their own identity directly with us; or (2) proof that the consumer has provided you with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf.
In order to make privacy requests please visit our
privacy portal
and fill out the form. You can also email us at
privacy@humblebundle.com
. Our contact information can be found in the "Contact Details" section below.
You may be required to verify your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If you are making a request on behalf of a user, we require a signed authorization letter from the consumer.
13. How to Change Your Preferences
You can change your preferences at any time. Below is a list of some of the actions you can take.
Changing Your Own Information
: Keeping your personal information current helps ensure that we offer you the best information available about our merchants and business partners. You can do several things to help keep your personal information up-to-date. You can login to your Account via a desktop computer and go into your "Settings" to update or delete the information you provided us to use in your profile. We may retain and use copies of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Your Newsletter and Email Subscriptions
. You can opt out or unsubscribe to a newsletter or other email list at any time by following the instructions at the end of the newsletters or emails you receive. Please allow five to ten business days for changes to take effect. On some parts of the Services, member service-related communications are an integral part of the service to which you subscribe and you may continue to receive emails as part of that particular portion of the services, even if you opt out of the newsletters or email list. In these cases, you cancel your account to cease communication. Also note that if you have provided more than one email address to us, you may continue to be contacted unless you request to unsubscribe each email address you have provided, or delete your accounts.
Direct Mailings, Push Notifications, and Unsubscribing
.  Where you have consented to receive marketing communications from us, we will send you emails and/or push notifications (depending on what you have consented to).  You may withdraw your consent for email marketing communications (i.e. unsubscribe) at any time by (i) clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in a marketing communication email we send you; or (ii) using the "Settings" page in your account area. You may unsubscribe from web-related notifications at any time through your browser settings.  You may also unsubscribe by emailing our support team(s) at the email addresses below.  Please allow two working days for this instruction to take effect in all of our systems.
Opting Out of Tracking
. Currently, our Services do not recognize browser do-not-track signals. However, you may manage how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting its privacy and security settings. Browsers are different, so refer to instructions related to your browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
California Residents
. In accordance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we may collect Personal Information about your online activities when you use our services. California’s “Shine the Light” law permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain certain information about any Personal Information disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request or if you wish for us to refrain from gathering your Personal Information, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact details in Section 14.
14. Contact Details
You can submit privacy related inquiries to our
privacy portal
.
For any additional questions, you can contact us by emailing
privacy@humblebundle.com
or at the following address:
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
360 Park Avenue South 1, 7th Floor
New York, NY 10010
We have registered our DPO with the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, we encourage you to contact our DPO at the following email address
dpo@ziffdavis.com
or at the following address:
Ziff Davis
Attention: Legal Department
Unit. 3.1, Woodford Business Park
Santry,
Dublin 17
Ireland
15. Children
We do not target children for the use of our services, especially those under 18. We reserve the right to remove a user’s account at any time, when necessary, if we discover that a user is under the required age limit for the service. If you have reason to believe we have collected personal information from someone under 18, please report it to us so we can take appropriate steps to rectify this.
16. California Consumer Rights Metrics
Pursuant to the California privacy regulations, our consumer rights metrics can be found on our
Regulatory Information Site
.
17. How this Privacy Policy May Change
This policy may be amended or updated from time to time at our discretion. Any updates will be effective at the time of publication, unless specified otherwise. Your continued use of our services after the publication of a policy update constitutes your consent to the changes. We will notify you prior to making policy updates that materially change the way we treat your personal data, and will not use your data in a materially different manner without your consent.
Close menu
Sub-policy 4
http://privacy.adcolony.com/:
Fastly error: unknown domain: privacy.adcolony.com. Please check that this domain has been added to a service.
Details: cache-dub4350-DUB (199.232.27.52)
Sub-policy 5
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 6
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/unity/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 7
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 8
https://vungle.com/privacy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences