Facebook
0
Pinterest
0
Twitter
Google
Email
Stumbleupon
0
Yummly
0
Policy updated May 20, 2018
Who are we?
Healthy. Happy. Smart. — https://healthyhappysmart.com — Contact: kelly@healthyhappysmart.com
What personal data do we collect and why?
We collect information from you when you place an order through our site, sign up for a mobile application in iTunes or Google Play or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site or in the app store (google play or iTunes), as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name and/or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
All personal information you provide us with or that we obtain will be handled by Healthy.Happy.Smart. and we will be responsible for the secure storage of your personal information. We will collect details such as contact name and email address and this information is obtained automatically through forms annotated on www.healthyhappysmart.com and inside our Apple or Google Play mobile device applications. All other information such as payment details is not collected by our company and we are therefore not responsible for the security of such information. Payment information is processed and stored using a third party company. For purchases made on the site, we use Stripe (www.stripe.com) or PayPal (www.PayPal.com). For mobile application purchases, they are either made through the iTunes or Google Play stores respecitvely. Some of our mobile apps may be purchased through our site using a third party payment processor – Stripe (www.stripe.com) or PayPal (www.PayPal.com).
For current meal plan mobile applications we store any/all info you provide such as:
– email, first name, age, weight: so that we can provide the most effective meal plan
– favorited recipes, selected shopping ingredients, replacement recipes: as part of regular app use
– this data is saved indefinitely unless a user asks us to delete it
– we use Google Analytics to determine what features of the app are most helpful & what we can improve on
For other mobile applications (17 Day Diet Complete, 17 Day Diet Meal Plan, 3 Day Diet) we do not store any user data
– we use Google Analytics to determine what features of the app are most helpful & what we can improve on
The information you provide is only available to Healthy. Happy. Smart. and will not be shared with any other third parties within the USA or Internationally. You have the right to inspect the information held about you. You always have the right to request that Healthy. Happy. Smart. deletes or corrects the information held about you. If you wish to alter, access or remove or complain about breaches please contact us on kelly@healthyhappysmart.com. By visiting this website and purchasing products of Healthy. Happy. Smart – you agree to our conditions.
Deleting your account and personal data from one of our apps
To delete your account and any personal data stored in our database follow these steps:
navigate to the far right tab in the app
choose Profile
choose the Account tab
tap the Delete Account button
This will remove your account & any associated data.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions (Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails (With your permission, we may send you emails about diet info, new products and other updates.)
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails you simply have to click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send. GetResponse will then take you through the simple unsubscribe process.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at kelly@healthyhappysmart.com
DISCLOSURE:
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at kelly@healthyhappysmart.com
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
The first type of cookie commonly used is “Session Cookies”. During the time you visit the website, our web server assigns your browser a unique identifier string so as not to confuse you with other visitors. A “Session Cookie” is never stored permanently on your computer and disappears when you close your browser. To use www.healthyhappysmart.com without troubles you need to have cookies enabled.
The second type of cookie saves a file permanently on your computer. This type of cookie is used to track how visitors move around on the website. This is only used to offer visitors better services and support. The text files can be deleted. On this website we use this type of cookie to keep track of your shopping cart and to keep statistics of our visitors. The information stored on your computer is only a unique number, without any connection to personal information.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Additional Information
Healthy. Happy. Smart. reserves the right to amend any information, including but not limited to prices, technical specifications, terms of purchase and product offerings without prior notice.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website
here
.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
NOTE FOR: The Residents of the European Economic Area
If you elect not to provide personal data –
You may choose not to provide Healthy.Happy.Smart. with your Personal Data. However, if you choose not to provide your Personal Data, you may not be able to enjoy the full range of Services.
How to exercise your rights –
Healthy.Happy.Smart. takes steps to keep your Personal Data accurate and up to date. If you reside in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights to the Personal Data that we have collected about you. To exercise your rights to your Personal Data, please contact us at the address listed below. Subject to applicable law and in exceptional circumstances only, we may charge for this service and we will respond to reasonable requests as soon as practicable, and in any event, within the time limits prescribed by law.
You have the following rights:
Right of access to your Personal Data (Art. 15 GDPR)
: You have the right to ask us for confirmation on whether we are processing your Personal Data, and access to the Personal Data and related information on that processing (e.g., the purposes of the processing, or the categories of Personal Data involved).
Right to correction (Art. 16 GDPR)
: You have the right to have your Personal Data corrected, as permitted by law.
Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR)
: You have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Data, as permitted by law. This right may be exercised among other things: (i) when your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; (ii) when you withdraw consent on which processing is based according to Art. 6 (1) (a) or Art. 9 (2) (a) GDPR and where there is no other legal ground for processing; (iii) when you object to processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or when you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR; or, (iv) when your Personal Data has been unlawfully processed.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
: You have the right to request the limiting of our processing under limited circumstances, including: when the accuracy of your Personal Data is contested; when the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Data and request the restriction of the use of your Personal Data instead; or when you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Healthy.Happy.Smart. override your grounds.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
: You have the right to receive the Personal Data that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit that information to another controller, including to have it transmitted directly, where technically feasible.
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR): You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data, as permitted by law. This right is limited to processing based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR, and includes profiling based on those provisions, and processing for direct marketing purposes. After which, we will no longer process your Personal Data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
How we may disclose your Personal Data
The GDPR and national laws of European Union member states implementing the Regulation permit the sharing of Personal Data relating to users who are residents of the European Economic Area with third parties only under certain circumstances. If you reside in the European Economic Area, we will only share your Personal Data as described in our Privacy Policy under the heading “How We Disclose Personal Data” if we are permitted to do so under applicable European and national data protection laws and regulations.
Marketing communications –
Where we are legally required to do so, we ask you for your prior consent before providing you with promotional materials or information. When required by local law, when marketing consent is obtained, in order to verify your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time (this will not affect the processing of your Personal Data undertaken until the revocation). If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, etc., you can do so at any time as outlined above by contacting us, or hitting the unsubscribe button in any of our emails you recieve.
Additional use of Personal Data –
Additional use of your Personal Data that is not described in this Privacy Policy will only take place as required by statute or when we have obtained your consent.
Legal Basis for Processing under the GDPR
In this section we provide information on the legal basis for our processing of your Personal Data as required by Art. 13 and 14 of the GDPR:
When you register for an account or interact with our Services, such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
When you communicate with us or sign up for promotional materials, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to provide you with our promotional messages. Where we are required under applicable local law to obtain your consent for sending you marketing information, the legal basis is your consent, Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
When you participate in special activities, offers, or programs.
For sensitive data
(health data) (including health data or biometric data) as defined in the GDPR, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR.
For non-sensitive Personal Data,
we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to provide you with our promotional messages or to allow you to participate in our special activities, offers or programs.
When you engage with our online communities or advertising and we actively collect your Personal Data in this context, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to provide you with our promotional messages.
When you access third party products and services and we obtain Personal Data about you from such third party sources:
For Personal Data that we need in order to perform the Services
(e.g. if you pay for third party products through our Services), (e.g. if you pay for third party products through our Services), such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
With regard to other Personal Data,
we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to enhance your experience and to improve our Services.
When you connect with us through social media:
Where we collect your consent in such case,
for instance for marketing purposes, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Where we do not collect your consent
in such case, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is providing you with better Services and to enable you to use the full range of our Services (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
When we collect data from third parties or publicly-available sources:
For Personal Data which we need in order to perform the Services
(e.g. for email verification purposes), such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
With regard to other Personal Data,
we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is providing you with better Services and to enable you to use our Services more efficiently.
When we leverage and/or collect cookies, device IDs, Location Data, data from the environment, and other tracking technologies, we process such data on the basis of your consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR, and based on our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, where we do not obtain your consent and our legitimate interest is to provide you with better Services or marketing.
When we track you in Store, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest in enhancing your shopping experience as well as loss or crime prevention.
When we use coarse location and data from sensors, we process such data for strictly necessary purposes in order to perform our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR); and for our legitimate interest in marketing and improving our Services, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
When we aggregate or centralize data, such processing is either necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, or we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to provide you with better or customized Services and marketing.
When you sign up for our services that consist of social sharing and communication with others (including linking you to friends across platforms:
Where we collect your consent
in such case, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Where we do not collect your consent
in such case, such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
When we provide you geographically relevant Services, offers, or advertising:
Where we collect your consent
in such case, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Where we do not collect your consent
in such case, for such data that we need in order to perform the Services, such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
Where we do not collect your consent in such case and where we do not need such data in order to perform the Services,
we process such data for our legitimate interest in offering you marketing and improving our Services, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
When you ask us to customize apparel, products, or Services:
Where we collect your consent
in such case, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
Where we do not collect your consent
in such case, such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
When we disclose Personal Data to our affiliates and partners, and to our service providers and vendors:
Where we collect your consent
in such case, we process such data on the basis of your prior consent, Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Where we do not collect your consent
in such case, such processing is necessary for the performance of our Services, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR, or we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to provide you with better Services and marketing.
When we process or share Personal Data in the event of an actual or contemplated sale, we process such data for our legitimate interest in offering, maintaining, providing, and improving our Services, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR).
When we conduct analytics, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to enhance your experience and to develop and improve our Services.
When we investigate suspected illegal or wrongful activity, we process such data on the basis of our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, and our legitimate interest is to ensure compliance with legal requirements and law enforcement requests and for public safety purposes.
Right to lodge a complaint before the Data Protection Authority –
We encourage you to contact us directly and allow us to work with you to address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State where you reside, work or the place of the alleged infringement. You have the right to do so if you consider that the processing of Personal Data relating to you infringes applicable data protection laws.
Changes to this Privacy Policy –
In order to enhance our services, it might be necessary to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We, therefore, reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy in accordance with the applicable data protection laws. Please visit our Website from time to time for information on updates to this Privacy Policy. All updates will be changed here on this page.
How to contact us or our Privacy Office –
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us: kelly@healthyhappysmart.com
Facebook
0
Pinterest
0
Twitter
Google
Email
Stumbleupon
0
Yummly
0
Comments
6
Toni slone
Please cancel.   I need to customize the menus.   Your  in app support has not yet replied even though it says they respond within 2 hours.  It has been 6 hours.    Where is the settings where I am supposed to be able to cancel.  My log in is
tonislone@neo.rr.com
.
Reply
admin
We usually reply within 2 hours during business hours. I am also away from the computer when I eat and exercise so sometimes it takes longer than 2 hours. Thanks for your patience.
You cancel apps in your iTunes settings.
Reply
Mary
Please cancel my subscription.   The app does not have a place to cancel it.
Thank you
Reply
admin
ALL APPSTORE SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE CANCELED IN YOUR APPSTORE SETTINGS. I CANNOT DO IT FOR YOU. I DO NOT HAVE ACCESS TO PERSONAL ACCOUNTS – ONLY YOU AND APPLE DO.
IF YOU SIGNED UP ON THIS WEBSITE, EMAIL ME:
KELLY@HEALTHYHAPPYSMART.COM
Reply
Kerry chancey
I wish to cancel my membership. I am using it for free now and do not wish to continue. Thank you!
Reply
admin
Hi Kerry, all appstore subscriptions are canceled in your iTunes Appstore settings. Email me if you need instructions:
Kelly@HealthyHappySmart.com
Reply
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.
Learn how your comment data is processed.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy:
Warning!
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Raptive Advertising Privacy Statement
CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”) has an affiliate agreement with the website from which you linked (the “Site”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. This Advertising Privacy Statement explains how Raptive uses your data and supersedes any other language on the Site (if any) with respect to the data privacy practices of Raptive.
We Collect Personal Data for Online Advertising
We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, Raptive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on the site from which you linked and on other websites across the Internet using data available from your web browser, including cookies. We may also combine some of this information with information we obtain from third parties in order to create anonymous profiles. These profiles enable us and our partners to include you in audience segments, i.e., groups of users with similar interests. This audience data does not directly identify you. We share audience information with ad buyers and their technology partners via an automated bidding process operated by third parties that allows ad buyers to bid for the opportunity to display advertisements on the Site that you may find more relevant and accurate.
How We Collect Personal Data
Raptive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, which allow us to collect data like your IP Address (a unique address that identifies your device), geolocation, web browser type, device information, and operating system. By using the Site from which you linked, you consent to the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies, and the sharing of data captured by such technologies with Raptive, Google, and our site’s other third party partners.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain directly-identifying information like your name or phone number, but other personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
If you have provided your email address to the Site, such as when registering for a newsletter or promotion, the Site may share your email address with us. Sometimes we may provide certain functions to the Site so that we can collect your email address (with your knowledge) directly for both the Site and us. We will “hash” or de-identify your email address in order to create pseudonymous advertising profiles reflecting your interests, as further described below. Similarly, if you have provided your phone number or other identifying information to the Site or one of our partners described below, and that information is provided to us, that information is then “hashed” or de-identified before being used to create an advertising profile.
We use pseudonymized information such as your hashed identifiers, and share the pseudonymized information with our advertising partners, to enhance the information shared by your web browser software for the purpose of building advertising profiles as described above. An advertising profile could include information such as the Site content you have viewed and other interests, your other online activities, demographic data about you, and your interactions with advertisements on the Site. Raptive’s advertising partners and their activities are further described below in “Third Party Partnerships.”
Managing or Opting Out of the Use of Your Data
You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. To opt out of sharing information collected from your web browser for advertising purposes, you can use
DAA WebChoice Tool
, available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
. Please note that these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
Google Chrome. The Google Chrome browser notes your topics of interest based on the sites you browse and how often you visit them. Sites can also store info with Chrome about your interests. If you use Google Chrome, we may collect some information on your browsing history and share it with our partner companies. For more information and how to opt out, visit:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/13355898?hl=en&sjid=4513061944593762279-NA#
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by Raptive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
European Union Representative
consentmanager ab
Håltegelvägen 1b, 72348 Västerås, Sweden,
www.consentmanager.net
Mail:
support@consentmanager.net
Right to Opt Out of “Sales” of Personal Information in Some US States
Certain state laws – for example, California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia– give residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under these laws, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information, click the opt out link provided in the footer of the site from which you linked. If the site from which you linked does not have a footer, you can find the opt out link provided on the privacy policy page from which you linked. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
privacy@raptive.com
. To be clear, we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
Third Party Partnerships
On behalf of the site from which you linked, Raptive partners with certain technology services providers. Below you can read detailed information about the privacy policies of these technology companies, and choose to opt-out of their advertising related capabilities.
Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences. When you use the Site, we share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form) with our partner/service provider, Amazon Publisher Service – Publisher Audiences. We may also share hashed and de-identified email addresses with Amazon Publisher Services – Publisher Audiences, which uses that information to create a link between your hashed email and its databases. This link may be shared by our partners globally for the purpose of enabling interest-based advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. cross device, web, email and in-app etc.) by third parties unaffiliated with our website. To opt out of this use, please head here:
https://youradchoices.com/
For Amazon Publisher Services Privacy Policy please head here:
https://aps.amazon.com/aps/privacy-policy/
Criteo. We share hashed emails with our partner Criteo for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Criteo hashed email targeting here:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
Fabrick. We share pseudonymized information, including a hashed version of information that we collect from you directly (such as email or phone number), third party IDs (such as mobile advertising IDs or other IDs assigned by third parties), IP addresses, and/or information about your browser or operating system with Neustar Information Services . Neustar Information Services and its affiliated companies (NIS) may match this pseudonymized information with information in their data repositories and issue another pseudonymous ID, which is changed on a weekly basis, for our use in connection with real-time bidding for digital advertising. NIS and other third parties may also link demographic or interest based information to your browser via Cookies. To opt out of the use of this data by NIS for this purpose, click here:
Neustar Privacy Choices
or use the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out link provided above.
Flashtalking. We may choose to share and/or utilize information with our partner Flashtalking for the purposes of internet based advertising. You may learn more about how Flashtalking operates and choose to opt-out of Flashtalking here:
https://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy
.
ID5. We may choose to share information with our partner ID5 for the purposes of ad targeting. You may learn more about how ID5 operates and choose to opt-out of ID5 data collection here:
https://id5.io/platfo
LiveIntent. We may provide your hashed email address to our partner LiveIntent, which may match it with other data associated with email address collected by LiveIntent in order to help us create a more accurate advertising profile. You can learn more about how LiveIntent operates, and choose to opt out of LiveIntent’s use of your data for online advertising, here:
https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy/
LiveRamp. When you use our Publisher network’s websites and enter your email address (either to log in, or to sign up to a newsletter, or similar), they may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that they collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). Acting as “joint controllers” (as applicable and defined in the GDPR). LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that Publishers may store in their first-party cookie for use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to re-identify you.
Detailed information on LiveRamp’s data processing activities is available in LiveRamp’s privacy policy:
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the processing of your personal data at any time:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out/
Optable. We use Optable for data management and storage, including your personal information. Optable is processor working on our behalf and does not further share your data without our permission. Optable is a platform we use to build “clean rooms” to facilitate Rapitve’s integration with other third-party partners that provide us with additional data that we could include in building audience segments.
Slickstream. The site you visited may include search functionality that we provide called Slickstream. To learn more about Slickstream, you can visit
Slickstream.com
. We provide the Slickstream service to other publishers in addition to those with which we have an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes. Slickstream collects data regarding the pages you have visited within the site, to provide you with search results and content recommendations, among other things. In addition, you may be asked to voluntarily provide your email address and other personal information as part of your use of the Slickstream search functionality. We use the data collected via Slickstream to provide the Slickstream service. If the Site from which you linked has an affiliate agreement for advertising purposes, we will also use that information in connection with advertising as provided above. You can opt out of our use of your information for such purposes by following the links referenced above, or by contacting us at
optout@raptive.com
.
The Trade Desk. We may choose to share an encrypted, unique identifier, based on your email address and/or other personal information, with our partner The Trade Desk. This identifier, called UID 2.0, is used to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes. Detailed information on The Trade Desk is available at:
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy
You can choose to opt out of UID 2.0 by visiting the Transparency and Control Portal at:
https://transparentadvertising.org/
Verizon. We share hashed emails with our partner Verizon for the purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of Verizon hashed email targeting here:
https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/