Privacy Policy
Privacy is something we take very seriously here at Orion Game, and it is our goal to be open and transparent with what information we collect, and how we use it. This website, products, mobile applications, console or PC applications, and any services (collectively "Services") linked by this Privacy Policy ("Policy") are controlled by Orion Game and ("we", "our", or "we").
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we use it. Additionally, this Policy explains the choices we offer, including how to access and update your information.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at: 909480581@qq.com
By using the Services, you are consenting to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the Services.
Information we collect
We may collect information about the Services you use and how you use them, such as the selections your make on our Services. We collect PII, DII, and log information about your interactions as described below.
Personally identifiable information (PII) is information that can be used to identify or contact you online or offline, such as your name, username, address, email, phone number, photos or audio data, and payment information. The Service may collect PII when it is provided to us, such as when you use our Services, attempt to contact us, submit a resume or job application, or connect with us on social media or one of our partners. For example, you may see a “Log in with…” button, which means we request PII from a partner to streamline the login the process. You will likely be presented with a “request for permission” screen by a third party asking to share your ID, profile picture, and other listed information with us.
We may also create or collect device-identifiable information (DII), such as cookies, unique device and advertising identifiers, usernames, and similar identifiers that are linkable to a browser or device. From these platforms, we may also receive other information, such as your IP address, user agent, timestamps, precise and imprecise geolocation, sensor data, apps, fonts, battery life information, and screen size.
Our Services also collect information about your interactions, including navigation paths, search queries, crashes, timestamps, purchases, clicks and shares, and referral URLs. We may combine this data with PII and DII. For efficiency’s sake, information about your interactions may be transmitted to our servers while you are not using the app. We may also partner with third parties that collect additional information – please see their privacy policies for more details and see below for your choices regarding these parties.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from our Services to provide, maintain, protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings, and to protect us and our users.
PII is primarily used for business purposes, such as for sending you occasional newsletters and updates, hiring, responding to inquiries, logins, and providing Services. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other information to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our Services, such as letting you know about changes or improvements. Please keep in mind that comments sections, forums, and other similar areas of our Services are public.  Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has access.
We share PII with companies, outside organizations, and individuals for limited reasons, outlined below:
With your consent - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so.
For external processing - We provide PII to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons - We will share PII with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In case of a sale or asset transfer - If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including PII collected from you through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the Services.
In aggregated form for business purposes - We may share aggregated information and DII with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
We use DII to operate our Services and manage user sessions, including analyzing usage of our Services, preventing malicious behavioral and fraud, improving the content, to link your identity across devices and browsers in order to provide you with a more seamless experience online, and helping third parties provide relevant advertising and related metrics. We share DII with third parties primarily for advertising and analytics purposes, for external processing, and for security purposes.
Third Party Operators and Services
While we strive to work with reputable companies with good privacy practices, this Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the Services. We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks. We may use third parties to help offer you more tailored ads and better Services, such as obtaining analytics about the users of our site and to help tailor advertising to your preferences. For further information, please see the relevant privacy policies for each third party and industry codes of conduct.
Legal Bases for Processing
The data we process may qualify for multiple legal bases for processing under Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (and similar laws that specify legal bases for processing). Below are the primary legal bases for each type of data:
We obtain consent for the processing of data necessary for chatrooms, usernames and login info, and any optional profile information. Where users log in with social media accounts, those companies have obtained consent on our behalf to use that data as described above. Consent is also obtained to add and engage with friends.
We have a legitimate interest in conducting analytics, measurement of usage and conversions, and game telemetrics to improve our services. We and our processors have multiple measures in place to protect your privacy.
We have a legitimate interest in enabling third party ads and data collection on our sites and apps to help provide a more customized ad experience for our users and site visitors, including monetizing apps downloaded through non-traditional channels. Our reputable partners provide opt outs and other measures to protect your privacy.
We have a legitimate interest in sending periodic email and direct marketing to inform registered users of updates and offers. We make clear disclosures when users sign up and we offer opt outs for anyone not interested.
It is contractually necessary to process your IP address, device IDs, cookies, and similar information to fulfill our obligations in the terms of service to provide you with high quality games.
Information security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold and undertake reasonable security measures with appropriate confidentiality, integrity, and availability protections. However, since no software or storage system is 100% secure, we cannot guarantee for the security of your information associated with the Services, or any other service for that matter. You can help protect your account information by using unique and hard-to-guess passwords. The data we have from your use of our Services is retained for up to 5 years since the last time you logged in unless we are required to hold on it for legal reasons.
Children Under 9
Our Services are not directed toward children under 9 and we will not knowingly collect information for any child under the legal age to provide consent to data processing (13 in the US and up to 16 in the EU). If you are the parent of a child under the age required to provide consent and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our Services, please contact us at following address: 909480581@qq.com.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain Services, email notification of privacy policy changes).
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.
©2018 Orion Game All Rights Reserved.