Your web browser (Chrome 110) has a serious security vulnerability!
Update your browser for more security, speed and the best experience on this site.
Update browser
Ignore
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
        Here are the
instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
.
Secure Shopping Privacy
At Locale, we take our commitment to site security very seriously. It is not only a commitment to the welfare of our company, but more importantly a commitment to ensuring that our customers identity, sensitive information and privacy are always protected.
We will never sell your information.
We proactively monitor, test and retest our system hardware and software configurations to optimize stability and eliminate vulnerabilities to external intrusion.
locale security measures include, but are not limited to:
Port scanning
SSL certificates
24/7 hardware and software monitoring
A fully staffed and secure network operations center
Enterprise wide virus protection
Data encryption
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
When you visit the Website or make a Locale.ae order through the Website, you may be asked to provide information about yourself, including your name, contact details and payment information such as credit or debit card information. We may also collect information about your usage of the Website and information about you from the messages you post to the Website and the e-mails or letters you send to us.
By accessing Locale.ae information and/or services using mobile digital routes such as (but not limited to) mobile, tablet or other devices/technology including mobile applications, you should expect that Locale’s's data collection and usage as set out in this privacy policy will apply in that context too. We may collect technical information from your mobile device or your use of our services through a mobile device, for example, location data and certain characteristics of, and performance data about your device, carrier/operating system including device and connection type, IP address, mobile payment methods, interaction with other retail technology such as use of NFC Tags, QR Codes or use of mobile vouchers.
Unless you have elected to remain anonymous through your device and/or platform settings, this information may be collected and used by us automatically if you use the service through your mobile device(s) via any Locale mobile application, through your mobile's browser or otherwise.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We may use Personal Data collected in the manners described above to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services
Perform internal administration and operations, including to conduct data analysis, testing, and research; to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends; and to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems
Send or facilitate communications (i) between End Users and delivery drivers, such as estimated times of arrival (ETAs), or (ii) at your direction, between you and a contact of yours in connection with your use of certain features, such as referrals or invites
Send you communications to you, including administrative or Service-related messages, receipts and other communications we think will be of interest to you, including information about existing and/or new products, services, promotions, news, and events of Locale and other companies, where permissible and according to Applicable Laws
Process contest, sweepstake, or other promotion entries and fulfill any related awards
Prevent, detect, and combat fraud or unsafe activities, including by using device, location, profile, usage, and other data
Personalize and improve the Services, including to provide or recommend features, content, social connections, referrals, and advertisements
To ask you about your experience using our Services.
User Personal Data Deletion
To delete your personal data, sign in to your Locale account, click
, access the
Profile
tab then “Delete Personal Data”.
You may also delete all user personal data at any time by
contacting us
. Our team will delete your personal data and update you through email.
USE CREDIT CARDS WITH CONFIDENCE
You can use your credit card at our website with confidence. We have partnered with
Checkout.com
to offer safe and secure credit card transactions for our customers.
The
Checkout.com
Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card processing networks. Your stored credit cards are stored directly with
Checkout.com
locale never sees, nor stores your credit card information.
Checkout.com
provides Locale with a token id (not your credit card information) as a reference number to initiate subsequent card-on-file transactions.
Checkout Ltd is licensed by the UK Financial Conduct Authority as an authorised payment institution under number 584615, as per listed on the
FCA Register.
Checkout.com
adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
256-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard, Level 1 Service Provider.
Please click here for
Checkout.com
Certifications.
Refund
Refunds will be provided on a case by case basis on occasions where our service or product or both have fallen short of our operational standards. Refunds will be processed within seven working days of the refund request being accepted.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.locale.ae
2802, The one Tower
Dubai, 390527 UAE
feedback@locale.ae
Last Edited on 25-08-2023