Privacy Policy
Grind Privacy Policy
Updated 16/11/2023
At Grind, we are committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy protections for customers.
Our privacy policy is designed to inform you about the Information we collect, how we use it, and your options about certain uses of Information. This privacy policy sets out how Grind Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries collect and process information about you. We gather your Information when, among other things, you visit our website, use our applications on mobile phones, apply for a job, access our social media, use a loyalty card in our cafés or at our coffee trucks, book a table in our café or when you take part in our other experiences where this Policy is posted. By participating in these, you consent to your Information being collected, processed/or and shared in accordance with this Policy.
What information we collect, and why.
We collect and use Information when you interact with us, when you use our products and services, and when you visit our websites. This Information is used to: Deliver and provide products or services; establish and maintain customer accounts; contact you about our products and services and direct offers or promotions to you; and monitor website statistics. Information may also be aggregated or anonymised by us for business and marketing uses. Grind may use your Information for direct marketing purposes, including providing updates, newsletters, events or other communications that we think may interest you.
The “Information” that you provide may include your name, date of birth, email address, telephone number, delivery address, billing address and password. You may actively give us Information about yourself when you become purchase products from our online shop, respond to a customer survey, enter a competition, join our loyalty program, email us, book a table, or talk to us over live chat.
When you visit one of our websites or use our forum, we may also automatically collect Information through the use of various technologies, including through "cookies”.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer. It allows us to recognise your computer by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided to us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. We use cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket and to remember you when you return to our site. They can also tell us which website you came to us from.
Cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Cookies are also used in the functioning of the online store section of our site, by keeping track of information you enter into the site (products chosen, delivery address etc) so that it can be passed onto us to generate your order.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. You can choose to accept or decline cookies (most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer). This may however prevent you from using this website.
What will my information be used for?
We may use your personal Information for any or all of the following purposes:
-  to provide customer service (including assisting with any of your enquiries and bookings in our cafés) and to notify you of any material security and/or data breach alerts, and technical notices;
- to let you know about offers, promotions, upcoming events, new beers and new bar openings – this may be via email, telephone, text message and/or push notifications;
- to personalise and localise your experience (including targeted online advertising, more likely to be relevant to you);
- to meet our legal obligations to our customers and other stakeholders;
- to help us understand and improve our website and apps
What choices do I have?
You have a choice to remove your personal Information by accessing your account and deleting your Information even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of offers including referral perks and others.
If you are a shareholder we have a legal obligation to let you know about certain updates, we therefore restrict amendment of certain fields to allow us to meet that obligation. However if you have a question, concern or complaint about this you can contact us at hello@grind.co.uk
You have full control over how we communicate with you and can change your preferences by logging in at grind.co.uk. In addition, we’ve also made it easy to select the marketing you receive by accessing your marketing preferences with a link to a personalised preference centre at the bottom of every email.
How can I access and control my personal information?
We respect your right to access, correct, request deletion or request restriction of our usage of your personal Information as required by applicable UK law. We also take steps to ensure that the personal Information we collect is accurate and up to date.
You can see, review and change most of your personal Information by signing in at grind.co.uk. Please, update your personal Information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate.
How will you share my personal information?
We may share your information with our Grind subsidiaries and affiliates. We may also share your Information with third parties when it is necessary to involve a third party service provider to facilitate or offer our services such as delivering your orders, booking tables or communicating with customer service. Some third parties to whom we may transfer your personal Information may be located outside of the UK or the EEA. In the event of a transfer, we will seek to ensure that appropriate safeguards to protect your Information are in place which could include entering into a data transfer agreement with such third parties to ensure adequate protection for your Information.
We will never share your personal Information with a third party that is not directly related to us communicating with you or delivering on our obligations to you.
How long will you hold my personal information?
We will not hold onto your personal Information longer than necessary to fulfil our obligations and commitment to you as a customer or a shareholder. Personal Information processed for any purpose will not be kept for longer than is necessary for thaat purpose as set out in the GDPR or other relevant Data Protection Legislation.
After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your personal Information, we will dispose of it in a secure manner according to our data retention and deletion policies.
If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Policy or our handling of your Information, you can contact us
here
.