1. OVERVIEW
Your privacy is very important to Hamad International Airport (“HIA”) and we understand how important it is to you. We want you to feel safe when visiting our websites or using our services and are committed to maintaining your privacy when you do. We require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
This Privacy Notice (“
Privacy Notice
”) (together with our
Cookie Policy
and any other documents referred to herein) sets out the basis on which we collect Personal Data from you, or that you provide to us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data.
This Privacy Notice can be changed over time to comply with law or to meet our changing business requirements. The most up-to-date Privacy Notice can be found on our website.
2. DEFINITIONS
By "
Personal Data
" we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
3. WHEN DOES THIS PRIVACY NOTICE APPLY?
This Privacy Notice applies to the processing by HIA of all Personal Data we gather when you use our website,
www.dohahamadairport.com
("
Website
"), our mobile application ("
Mobile App
") services provided by us or others acting on our behalf and when you interact with us. We will only use your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
4. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
4.1 Qatar Company for Airports Operation and Management W.L.L., a Qatari company organised and existing under the laws of the State of Qatar with its registered office at Qatar Airways Tower, PO Box 22550, Doha, and State of Qatar (“HIA”, the “Airport”, “we”, or “us”). is responsible, as controller, for the collection and use of all Personal Data described in this Privacy Notice.
4.2 Please be aware however that our Website may contain links to enable you to visit third-party websites, mobile sites and mobile applications for your convenience and information. Please note that these are governed by their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Notice and that we do not have any control over these and are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites.
5. HOW WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We may collect and receive Personal Data directly from you or from your authorised representatives or from third parties, including when you:
(a)     communicate with us such as by email, telephone, in writing or through our customer services pages or social media platforms; or
(b)     use the Airport or any facilities and services (including Wi-Fi, Website, Mobile App) within the Airport.
5.2 Where you may disclose Personal Data on behalf of another person, you undertake and will ensure that the individual whose Personal Data is supplied to HIA has authorized the disclosure, is informed of and consents to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice before you disclose such Personal Data. Where the disclosure if in respect of a child’s Personal Data, you should do as only as the parent or legal guardian of that child.
6. WHY DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
6.1 To provide services in relation to your passenger journey
(i)What does this mean?
Our Mobile App’s boarding scan feature processes your Personal Data to provide flight details. If you choose to share your location in our Mobile App, we process your location to notify you when entering or exiting the Airport and allow you to navigate from one point to the other at airport.
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
We process your Personal Data based on your consent provided through the Mobile App.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
For this purpose, we may use the Personal Data you entered into the Mobile Apps, including scanning of the boarding pass, and the technical data from your device such as its IP-address (including approximate location).
6.2 When you interact with Hamad International Airport (online or offline)
(a) For answering your questions or responding to your complaints or requests
(i)What does this mean?
If you get in touch with us in person, via email, website, telephone, in writing or through our customer services agents or social media or by your authorised representative for the purposes of the relevant enquiry, we will use your Personal Data in order to reply to and answer your question or to respond to your complaints or requests (e.g. to assist you in processing a transaction or in providing technical assistance).
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
We will process your Personal Data based on our legitimate business interests in providing customer care to you based on your request and depending on the specific case.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
We may use your name, contact details, email address, date of travel, origin, destination, your correspondence with HIA about your questions and all other Personal Data necessary to answer your questions. We may monitor or record your phone conversations for training and customer services purposes.
(b) To allow you to connect with us  via social media
(i) What does this mean?
Hamad International Airport is active on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, and Instagram. When you contact us via social media, we will use your Personal Data in order to answer your questions and to respond to your messages.
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
We process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest to provide customer care, based on your request, and to understand your preference and interests.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
Depending on the the communication channel you have chosen to use to connect with us, we use any Personal Data you supply to HIA. This may include your name, address, email address, gender and other Personal Data you have included in your message. In addition, when you click one of the buttons displayed for example “Like” or “Share” on one of our social media pages to indicate your interest and communicate with your network via the third party social media platform, the relevant social media platform might place cookies on your device.  To read more about cookies, visit
https://dohahamadairport.com/cookie-policy
.
6.3 For the use of, development and improvement of our facilities and/or services
(i) What does this mean?
It’s important for us to continue to provide you with our award-winning Airport facilities, services and uphold the HIA brand. In order to achieve the, we use your Personal Data so that we can assess, analyse and improve our facilities and services to you. For this purpose, we keep track of how often you visit our Website and which pages you click on. We may also use non-identifiable user location to identify points of interest at the Airport.
When you access and use HIA Wi-Fi services, we will process your Personal Data in order to provide such Wi-Fi services to you.
In addition, we use non-personally identifiable data (aggregated data) to analyse our customers’ behaviour, perform research into market trends through statistical analysis to evaluate and adapt our products and marketing to new developments and to make our promotions and offers relevant to you. Our research results are only reported within our organisation on an aggregated basis.
We also regularly use surveys to find out whether you are satisfied with our service. These surveys are conducted through our Website. We use your responses to surveys for quality assessments and to improve your customer experience.
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
With respect to Personal Data processed in relation to our Wi-Fi we will process your Personal Data based on the performance of a contract, in accordance with our Wi-Fi Terms of Use.
In addition, we process your Personal Data as it is our legitimate interest to continuously improve our services.
Where we process location data, we do so based on your consent.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
For the purpose of developing and improving our facilities and services, we use your contact details such as your email address and contact number, other Personal Data such as your approximate location.
For the purpose of providing you Wi-Fi access you will be required to provide your mobile number or PNR.
In addition, we use the Personal Data you entered into our Website or that were generated by the functionalities you used in our Website and the technical data from your device such as its IP-address, the pages you visited on our Website, your click- and surf behaviour and the length of your session.
6.4 For promotional purposes
(i)What does this mean?
If you have turned on and consented to provide access to your location services and Bluetooth in the Mobile App, we may send promotions (offers and concessions from the commercial participating outlet) via beacons.
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
Where we process your Personal Data for marketing purposes, we do so based on your consent.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
Your location, provided that you have consented to provide access to your location and your Bluetooth is turned on.
6.5 To safeguard security
(i)What does this mean?
In order to safeguard the physical security in and around HIA premise and of the individuals using HIA facilities.
(ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?
We are obliged to secure HIA premises under applicable laws and regulations.
(iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?
We capture video footage via CCTV cameras installed within and around HIA premises that allows us to monitor and comply with our legal obligations and ensure appropriate physical controls are effective.
7. COOKIES
We also collect information through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to this website – for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site, and what information was of interest to you. Read more about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy which is available on our Website at
https://dohahamadairport.com/cookie-policy
.
8. WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
8.1 Access to your Personal Data within Qatar Airways Group
As a global organisation, Personal Data we collect may be transferred internationally throughout the Qatar Airways Group. We may send the Personal Data to countries whose data protection laws may not be as extensive as those in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). HIA employees are authorised to access Personal Data only if necessary to serve the applicable purpose and to perform their jobs.
As a global organisation, data we collect may be transferred internationally throughout Qatar Airways' Group. We may disclose your Personal Data to our shareholders and any member of our Group for business and administrative purposes.
8.2 Access to your Personal Data by third parties
We may disclose or share your Personal Data with third parties. HIA may disclose Personal Data we collect or receive, including:
(a)    to you or those acting on your behalf. Where local regulations require, we may obtain your consent in writing for the purpose of allowing anyone else to act on your behalf;
(b)    to third parties including airlines, ground handling agents or other companies to provide a service to, or perform a function for us or who are otherwise appointed by us in connection with the services we offer you including those who are acting as our agent or sub-contractor, including, without limitation, data processing service providers and our legal and other professional advisors;
(c)    to third parties, including law enforcement officials, law courts and government and regulatory authorities: (a) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process (such as to respond to subpoenas or judicial orders); or (b) to protect and defend our rights, or the rights or safety of third parties, including to defend against legal claims; and
(d)    to customs and government authorities, which require by law access to Personal Data.
In other cases, your Personal Data will not be supplied to third parties, except where required by law.
8.3 The use of your Personal Data by data processors
When a third party processes your Personal Data solely following HIA’s instructions, it acts as a data processor. We enter into an agreement with the relevant data processor for the processing of your Personal Data. In this agreement, we include obligations to ensure that your Personal Data is processed by the data processor solely to provide services to us and to ensure that the data processor has adequate safeguards in place and complies with the applicable data protection laws.
9. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA SAFE?
Safeguards
HIA has taken adequate safeguards to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data. We are committed to ensuring that your Personal Data is secure. In an effort to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, your Personal Data, we have put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing. In order to protect the security of your information, where necessary, we use encryption technology when collecting or transferring Personal Data.
Although we use reasonable and appropriate efforts to protect your Personal Data we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website or Mobile Apps via internet or similar connection.
Children
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data about minors without parental or guardian consent. We are not able to identify the age of persons who access and use our Website. If you believe we have inadvertently collected Personal Data about a minor (according to applicable laws), without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us, and we will attempt to remove this information.
Retention
We will retain Personal Data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, the legal or business purposes of Qatar Airways as described in this Privacy Notice and in line with our data retention policies, or as required by relevant laws. In some circumstances we may need to store your Personal Data for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, or where we require an accurate record of your dealings with us to address any complaints or prospects of litigation.
When erasing Personal Data, we will take commercially reasonable and technically possible measures to make the Personal Data irrecoverable or irreproducible in accordance with the applicable laws.
10. CONTACT US
You can request access, rectification, review of processing, restriction or erasure of your Personal Data that HIA processes at any time by sending a request via a dedicated
‘subject access request’ portal
on Qatar Airways Group’s website. You will also, under certain circumstances, have the right to data portability, meaning that you have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format to transmit that data to another controller. We will not charge a fee to respond to your request unless the request may be deemed as manifestly unfounded or excessive. Any request must include your name and address and any other information which may identify you.
If you feel that we do not comply with applicable privacy rules you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority.
Should you have any questions about the processing of your Personal Data or this Privacy Notice, please contact:
Qatar Airways Group
Qatar Airways Tower 1
PO Box 22550
Doha, State of Qatar
Attention: Data Protection Officer
To send an email to our Data Protection Officer regarding the processing of your Personal Data click
here
.