This Privacy Statement informs you (“
You
”) a user of the Company Website,
senza.us (
the “
Website
”) and mobile applications (“
Apps
”) about how 527H, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
Company
” or “
we
”) gathers and uses Your personal information submitted to Company and aggregated information collected from the Websites, Apps and Services. This Privacy Policy applies to the Websites and Apps and other Company-owned services, applications and products which link to this policy (“
Services
”). From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy. Your use of any of the Services after an updated Privacy Policy becomes effective will indicate Your acceptance.
Collection of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Sharing Information with Friends and in User Forums
Control of Personal Information and Opt-Out Options
Security of Information We Collect
Protection of Children's Privacy
Use of Cookies and Tracking Technology
Enforcement of This Statement
Links to Other Websites
Users from Outside the United States
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Contact Information
1. Collection of Personal Information
Company collects and uses Your personal information to manage and enhance Your use and experience of the Websites and Apps and Services.
Company does not share with any third party information collected from You that could personally identify You, unless You specifically consent to such sharing.
We may share information that we collect with third parties as provided for herein. However, without Your consent, such shared information will be aggregated or modified so that You will not be identified with such information.
We may also use and allow third parties to track Your browsing history profile. Such tracking will allow Company to offer You specifically tailored services and products (both of Company and its third party partners). No personally identifiable information will be shared with any third party without Your consent.
Types of Information Collected
:
User Information.
In addition to the above personal information, we collect standard information about Company users such as:
“Personal Diet Data,” including birthdate, height and weight, gender, heart rate related data and specific details of the foods and drinks that You consume and Your exercise
Email address and Company password
IP addresses, browser type and Your operating system
Pages visited on the Websites referring and exit pages, and the dates and times of the visits
Financial information, such as Your credit/debit card number or other billing information for purchases and product upgrades
Any additional information relating to You and Your use of the Websites, App or Services that You provide to use directly through the Websites or the App
Location data and other information about devices used to access and interact with the Websites or App
Information that You make publicly available or publicly post using tools made available on the Websites or via the App
Information You may provide in user-to-user messages
Information collected from promotions with third-party companies.
Supplemental Information.
Your information also may be supplemented with additional information from other sources, including publicly available sources.
2. Use of Personal Information
Without Your permission, we will not share Your information with third parties. We may share information collected from You that does not identify You or an individual with third parties, including advertisers and potential business partners such as anonymized data or aggregated data and statistics. For example, we may disclose the total number of pounds lost by all Company users, the average weight loss of Company users, or generalized information about diet and exercise habits based on aggregated statistics developed from collected data.
We also may share such anonymized and aggregated data:
To fulfill the services and products You request from us.
To operate and improve the Websites, App and Services available to You through the Company, including developing new features and products.
To communicate with You, respond to Your requests and manage our relationship.
To personalize the products and services provide to You.
Measure performance of the products and Services.
To allow You to participate in Challenges, contests and surveys. Company may co-sponsor promotions with other companies, in which case any information collected is likely to be shared with other participating sponsors.
To send You marketing notices including promotions of our products and services. You can opt-out of communications from Company at any time (see control of personal information below).
For internal purposes, which may require the transfer of such information to other Company affiliates for administrative purposes, for technical maintenance purposes, the marketing and promotion of products and services that might be of interest to You.
We may disclose Your personal information when we reasonably believe that it is required by a law or legal process and to protect and defend the rights and interests of Company, its affiliates, suppliers, or users. If Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information and Personal Diet Data will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Please note that if You use any Websites or App tools to disclose information about Yourself (for example, in chat rooms, user-to-user messaging or online message boards), others outside of Company may obtain access to information You provide.
In some circumstances we may use third-party contractors to perform these services on our behalf. In such circumstances, we will only provide the contractor with the information needed to perform the services (for example, name and address if a contractor is delivering a product to You), and all contractors will be required to agree to confidentiality obligations with respect to Your personal, non-public information.
3. Sharing Information with Friends and in User Forums
The Services allow You to share Your diet and exercise goals and information with friends that You select.
In addition, if You accept an invitation from an Advisor,
You
will enable the sharing of Your Personal Diet Data information and potentially personally identifiable information with the Advisor.
Please bear in mind that Company cannot control what Your friends or Advisor do with the information You share with them, so You should only share with friends and an Advisor You trust.
4. Control of Personal information and Opt-Out Options
Company values the accuracy of the information You provide. You can confirm, change, or update personal information You have provided to us by contacting us directly at privacy@senza.us.
If You change Your mind,
You
can opt-in again, by emailing this same address. When You opt-out of promotional communications from us, You may still receive service messages (such as an order confirmation) and legally mandated notices.
5. Security of the Information We Collect
We use a range of technologies and procedures to protect Your personal information. For example, we store personal information and Personal Diet Information in a secure, limited-access facility, and we use industry-standard firewalls and security software design to protect the security and integrity of Your Personal Diet Information.
6. Protection of Children's Privacy
527h.net  is
a general interest website, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. If You are under 18, You are not permitted to use the Services. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), the Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18. Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Services.
If You are a parent with concerns about children's privacy issues in conjunction with the use of this Web Site, please contact us at privacy@senza.us.
7. Use of Cookies and Tracking Technology
7.1
Cookies
. When You visit the Websites, a cookie may be saved on Your computer (if Your computer accepts cookies), and if You return to the Websites the cookie may be read. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on the user's hard drive to track usage of the Websites and collect basic information, which may include certain of Your preferences. We use cookies to gain knowledge of Internet usage, improve content and advertisements, collect the site visitation data described above, and in some cases to deliver specialized content. Cookies also help to prevent You from having to register or re-enter Your information every time You visit the Website in a streamlined fashion. Some of our advertisers and partners occasionally use cookies as well. Company does not have any control over the cookies used by advertisers and partners. If You would like to avoid cookies, Your web browser may have an option that enables You to disable or not accept cookies. It should be noted, however, that should You disable or not accept cookies, portions of the Web Site may not properly function.
7.2
Web
Beacons
. We may also use web beacons, clear gif technology, or action tags as mechanisms to collect aggregate site visitation data by tracking how users navigate to and through the Website. We may also use this technology to track the delivery of HTML email messages. Data collected through this mechanism is not linked to personal information. A web beacon is an electronic image and string of code that is imbedded in a web page or email which allows us to track web page views/hits or the opening of an email containing a beacon. We may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to track activity on the Website. Web beacon tracking by Company does not identify the name or email address of the web user or mail recipient.
8. Mobile Analytics
In addition, if You are using the App, Company or our partners may use analytics technology to track anonymous traffic data about use of the application. Such partners have the right to retain and use the anonymous traffic data collected by the analytics service from users of the Websites or the App.
9. Links to Other Websites
Our Websites may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, and we encourage You to review the policies of each site You use. We cannot control the actions of such third parties or be held responsible for their use of any information that You provide directly to them.
10. Users from Outside the United States
Company and the Company servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If You use Company, You consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
11. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Company does not track its customers over time and across third-party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party sites do keep track of Your browsing activities when they serve You content, which enables them to tailor what they present to You. If You are visiting such sites, Your browser may be able to set the DNT signal so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know You do not want to be tracked.
Third parties that have content embedded on the Website or App such as a social feature may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Website from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Website unless You provide it to them directly.
12. Contact Information
We welcome Your input on our privacy statement. If You have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy statement, please contact us at privacy@senza.us.
13. Privacy Policy Last Updated: 2/1/2021