Privacy Policy
Juggernaut Technology, Inc. built the NOAA Buoy Reports app as a Commercial app for iOS. This SERVICE is provided by
        Juggernaut Technology, Inc. and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
        of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
        relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
        the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
        in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
        accessible at NOAA Buoy Reports unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any information about you, including cookies.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
        to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
        advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
        and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
        or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect any information from anyone,
        including children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
        this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
        the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
        this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
        us as privacy@NOAABuoyReports.com.