Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us at Coquisoft LLC, creators 
and operators of ParentLove. When you use ParentLove you’ll share some 
information with us. Accordingly, we want to be clear about the information we 
collect, how it is used, whom it is shared with, and the choices we give you to 
access and update your information. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy 
Policy before using or inputting any information into ParentLove.
Our Commitment
We are committed to respecting your privacy, being 
transparent about our data practices, keeping your data safe, never selling your 
personal data and only collecting data that helps us improve ParentLove.
Your Approval
By using ParentLove, you agree to the terms of this Privacy 
Policy and the Terms of Use of ParentLove. Whenever you input information via 
ParentLove, you approve to the collection, use, and disclosure of that 
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you reside outside the 
United States, your personally identifiable information “PII” will be 
transferred to the U.S., processed and stored there under U.S. privacy 
standards. By using ParentLove and providing information to us, you approve to 
such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Information We Collect
When you use ParentLove, we may collect the following types 
of information.
Information You Provide Us
Profile Information
In order to begin using 
ParentLove, you will need to create a user profile; accordingly we collect your 
name and email address. If a family profile is created, we collect your family 
name. Lastly, if a child profile is created, we collect the child’s name and 
gender.
Sign-In Provider Information
Upon signing in with one of the 
available Sign-In providers, such as Facebook or Google, we will receive an 
identifier specific to you as you relate to ParentLove. This identifier will 
have no relation to your login or password and is not associated to your Sign-In 
provider account as it relates to any other app or website. We may also receive 
additional information from the provider, such as your name and email address. 
This information is then used to prepopulate the profile creation page. If this 
information was provided, it will only be recorded if you submit this data to 
create your profile.
User Generated Content
Any activities you record within 
the app, such as feedings, diaper changes, or doctor visits, along with any 
notes. Any modification to reference data, such as bottle contents, reactions or 
solid food types. Any settings modified within the app. Any data which is 
entered within the app.
Additional Information
To help improve your experience 
or enable certain features of ParentLove, such as growth charts, you may choose 
to provide us with additional information. For example, such child’s birth date, 
height, weight or blood type.
If you contact us or participate 
in a survey, contest, or promotion, we collect the information you submit such 
as your name, contact information, and message.
Lastly, when you contact customer 
care or communicate with us in any other way, we’ll collect whatever information 
you volunteer.
Information We Receive From Your Use of ParentLove
Usage Information
When you access or use 
ParentLove, we receive certain usage data. This includes information about your 
interaction with ParentLove, for example, when you launch the app, session 
information, page visits or errors received.
We also collect data about the 
devices you use to access ParentLove, including language, operating system, 
access times, mobile device information (including device and application 
identifiers) and mobile network operator used (if applicable).
How We Use Information
In order to make ParentLove better for all our users, we 
use the information collected in the following ways:
Deliver, Improve, and Develop 
ParentLove
Using the information collected, 
we are able to deliver ParentLove, improve it, research usage patterns and 
develop new features. For example, we use the information to understand how you 
and other users interact with ParentLove; track usage, activities and other 
trends; provide customer care; troubleshoot and protect against errors; perform 
data analysis and testing; conduct research and surveys; and develop new 
features. ParentLove may occasionally send you an email to inform you of a new 
update, new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with 
what's going on with ParentLove and our services and products.
This information may also be 
useful to verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or 
illegal activity.
Third-Party Service Providers
We may employ third-party service 
providers to help, on behalf of ParentLove, facilitate our services by providing 
analytics, links, advertisements, embedded content or other tools and services. 
These providers may collect non-personally identifiable information “Non-PII” 
through the use of cookies, pixel tags, device fingerprinting or other automated 
means. The providers may use this information internally or share this 
information with us for various purposes and reasons, including to assist us in 
providing a link invite for your care-giver to join your family or to display an 
advertisement. This Policy only covers our use of the information we collect. We 
may use Non-PII from third parties in accordance with their own privacy 
policies.
How We Share Information
We do not share your personal information; except in the 
limited conditions defined below.
To Create a Share Invite
In order to provide a more 
personalized experience for the invitee. When a share invite is created, the 
third-party link provider will receive the following PII, your name and the name 
of the invitee. This information is sent to the third-party link provider using 
a Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encrypted request.
To Prevent Harm or For Legal 
Reasons
We may retain or disclose your 
information to comply with a court order, law, regulation, legal process, or 
governmental request; to defend against legal claims or assert legal rights; or 
to detect, prevent, or investigate illegal activity, abuse, violations of our 
terms, fraud, or threats to the security of our platform or the physical safety 
of any person.
We may aggregate or remove parts of data that can identify 
you and share Non-PII data publicly or with third parties under agreement with 
us, for example, in public reports on trends in the usage of our services.
Accessing or Deleting Your Personal Information
You own your data. As a result, you can edit your profile 
or baby’s profile at any time by going to the settings page within ParentLove.
We will store information associated with your account 
until your account is deleted. Should you desire to delete your account and 
associated information, you can do so at any time by emailing Customer Care from 
within the app indicating that you want your account to be deleted. Please note 
that we may be required to preserve your information for legal reasons or to 
prevent harm, including as described in the How We Share Information section.
Information Security
Keeping your data safe and secure is one our top 
priorities. We use a combination of technical and business practices to maintain 
the security of your data. This includes using TLS to encrypt all of our 
requests from ParentLove. Unfortunately, no method of transporting or storing 
data is completely secure. If you have any concerns related to security, please 
contact us at Customer Care.
Our Policies for Children
We take the privacy of children very seriously. ParentLove 
is not intended for children under the age of 13, or the equivalent minimum age 
in the relevant jurisdiction, and are not permitted to create accounts unless 
their parent has consented in accordance with applicable law. We will not 
knowingly collect PII via this application from users in this age group. We do, 
however, collect information about children and babies from their parents or 
their caregivers (baby-sitters, nannies, …). We ask that our users not provide 
information about a baby or child without first getting the parents' consent.
How to Reach Us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, or how we 
use your information, please email us at
Privacy@ParentLove.me