Download
Features
Privacy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Crash Logs
Links to Internet Sites
Children’s Privacy
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Me
Kodex is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information of users who use the Kodex app.
Information Collection and Use
Kodex does not collect any personally identifiable information from its users, whether directly or by use of third party services and/or libraries.
All data processed, edited, created, or in any other way manipulated by the App is never copied, transferred, or otherwise made available to me through means provided by the App.
Kodex might process the contents of the files edited for the purposes of providing the app's functionality (such as syntax highlighting, auto-complete, and etc). All this processing is always done entirely on the device, and does not make use of remote (first or third party) services, either to provide the functionality or to augment it in any way.
Crash Logs
Crash Logs are text files generated by the device when an app closes in an unexpected manner, either caused by a programming error (such as bugs), or other events outside the control of the app.
iOS provides means for developers like me to receive anonymized crash logs for their respective Apps. As such, I might receive logs of crash events that happen while you are using Kodex. These logs are made available to myself after being anonymized, and only if this feature is enabled on your device.
However, not all information about the user's device is removed. The following information is included in crash log files:
Device Hardware Model
Such as iPhone7,1 which means an iPhone 6 Plus
Device OS Version
Such as iPhone OS 11.4.1 (15G77)
Device Baseband Version (modem firmware)
Such as 6.80.00
Date and Time of the App Launch
Such as 2018-08-09 12:55:56.3328 +0200
Date and Time of the Crash Event
Such as 2018-08-09 12:59:53.8098 +0200
App Version
Such as 1.0.1 (34)
You can disable the crash log transmission feature on your device by navigating to:
Settings App > Privacy > Share with App Developers
More information about the transmission of crash logs to developers can be found navigating to:
Settings App > Privacy > About App Analytics & Privacy…
Links to Internet Sites
Kodex contains links to internet sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Because Kodex does not collect personally identifiable information, the app makes no distinction of the age group of its users. Therefore, Kodex does not collect identifiable information of children.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update this Privacy Policy. In case a change is made, the updated information will be highlighted at this page. If the change affects the usage of the app, a notification will be displayed on the app upon launch, as well as on the change log of the update.
Contact Me
Any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy should be directed to me, and I will try to address the concerns as quickly as possible.
If you believe Kodex is not adhering to this privacy policy, please inform me at your earliest convenience, either through the contact form
here
, or by email on
me (at) bruno.ph
.
A GPG key is available here
.