Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 2023
Interest based advertising
: to learn more about
            data disclosure
click here
Opt-out options:
DO NOT USE MY DATA
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
VSP TECHNOLOGIES LP (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy
            seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”) explains our data
            protection policy and describes the types of information we may
            process when you install and/or use “MyScreen - Wallpapers & Themes”
            software application for mobile devices (the "App", "our App").
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any
            information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be
            identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to
            such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly,
            in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or
            more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental,
            economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the
            App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless
            otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING
            THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN
            YOU USE THE APP YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND
            AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING
              IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) California
            residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is processed;
the categories of sources from which personal information is
              obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the categories of third parties with whom we may share your
              personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we might have
              obtained about a particular user provided that the data given in
              the request is reliable enough and allows to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources and purposes of
processing
Please mind that according to CCPA personal information does not
            include de-identified or aggregated consumer information.
SHARING
How your information can be
shared
.
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in processing
            user data are service providers that use such information on the
            basis of agreement and pursuant to business purpose.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you don’t want us to process your personal information any more
            please contact us through the
contact form
. In most cases there is no way to maintain the App’s further
            operating without functional data therefore you will be advised to
            remove the App from your device.
If you don’t want us to share device identifiers and geolocation
            data with service providers please check your device settings to opt
            out as
described below
.
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access, portability or
            deletion of personal data please contact us through the
contact form
. Please include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your
            rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of California”.
When submitting a verifiable request, you should be ready to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify
              you are the person about whom we collected personal information or
              an authorized representative, which may include: name, address,
              city, state, and zip code and email address. We may use this
              information to surface a series of security questions to you to
              verify your identity. If you are making a request through an
              authorized agent acting on your behalf, such authorized agent must
              provide written authorization confirming or a power of attorney,
              signed by you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to
              properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with
            personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or
            authority to make the request; or (ii) confirm that the personal
            information relates to you. We may ask you for additional
            information or documents to verify your identity. We may also carry
            out checks, including with third party identity verification
            services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your
            personal information. This is regarded as a safeguard measure to
            prevent disclosure of your personal information under a fake or scum
            request.
We ensure that personal information provided in a verifiable
            consumer request will be used only to verify the requestor’s
            identity or authority to make the request and not for any other
            purpose. We will keep it for the adequate term reasonably needed for
            the purpose described above and delete after the purpose is
            fulfilled.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five
            (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform
            you of the reason and extension period in writing. Please note that
            we are only required to respond to two requests per customer each
            year.
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be interpreted as
            discrimination, which means that we will not set up different
            pricing or products, or different level or quality of services for
            you, if you choose to exercise your rights. However, in some
            circumstances, we may not be able to provide services if you choose
            to delete your personal information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We process the following personal information about you when you use
            the App. This information is necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you and us.
            Without such information it is impossible to provide complete
            functionality of the App and perform the requested services. What
            data can be processed:
Activity Information
directly related to your use
              of the App. After you set the relevant settings on your device we
              may have technical access to your camera or Photos - to be able to
              save wallpapers, other files available and/or generated via the
              App to your device or to analyze the picture(s) you upload through
              the App. However, we cannot collect, store or use the pictures or
              files contained in your Photos unless you upload such pictures or
              files to the App or otherwise share them.
CONTENT RELATED TO AI-BASED FEATURES
, which is
              defined and governed by our
Terms of Use
, as well as by the present Privacy policy. You may dispose of,
              use, share, otherwise exploit your
CONTENT RELATED TO AI-BASED FEATURES
for your own
              purposes at your sole discretion and responsibility, inter alia,
              for commercial ones. However, any use of
CONTENT RELATED TO AI-BASED FEATURES
is at your
              sole risk.
If you use the AI Avatars feature, you may also be required to
                select your gender (female/male/other). This information is used
                solely for the purpose of obtaining more accurate results of AI
                image generation.
Please make sure that you download and save to your device all
Content related to AI Avatars feature
you need right after such content has been generated via the
                App, as we cannot guarantee that you will be able to access or
                download such
Content related to AI Avatars feature
later.
To learn more about the storage terms applicable to the
Content related to AI Avatars feature
(as it is defined in our
Terms of Use
), please review Section VI of the present Privacy policy. Note
                that the
Content related to AI Avatars feature
may be
                transferred to the third party service provider (
https://www.astria.ai/
) for the purpose of AI image generation. Please check Section
                IV to learn more about the privacy policy and practices of this
                service provider.
Contact Information
(name, e-mail address, as
              well as any other content included in the email) which you may
              fill in by yourself when you contact us via email, support form.
              We collect, store and process it by our cloud storage provider
              (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information to respond effectively
              to your inquiry, fulfill your requests, and send you
              communications that you request.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
On the basis of your
permission
we use third-party
            automatic data processing technologies (advertising or analytics
            tools) to analyze certain information sent by your device via our
            App (Identity For Advertisers for iOS devices/ Advertising ID or
            Android ID for Android devices). Some integrated advertising or
            analytics tools (check Section IV to see the list of them) launch
            automated processing of your personal data, including profiling,
            which means any form of automated processing of personal data used
            to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular
            to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences,
            interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list of data
            described below). Processing information through automatic data
            processing technologies starts automatically once you allow our App
            to track your activity. You can withdraw your permission at any time
            - please check opt-out options in Section VIII below.
We may process some information about your device and your user
            behaviour on the ground of our legitimate interest. This information
            falls within categories of data described above in Subsection
            “Information That Is Processed Automatically”, it is generally
            non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct
            association with any specific individual, and we may access it only
            in aggregated form. We use this information for improving our App
            and giving our users the best experience.
Device Details
. When you use a mobile device
              (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our App, some details
              about your device are reported, including “device identifiers”.
              Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures
              stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely
              identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device
              identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content
              and ads by the third parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type
                  of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer,
                  screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and
                  battery, device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection: mobile carrier,
                  network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and
                  duration of sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/
                  region/ state/ city associated with your SIM card or your
                  device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial
                  points of interest (eg. “coffee shop”).
Other device identifiers: e.g. user identifiers (if they are
                  set up by the App’s developer).
Information about the applications
. Name, API key
              (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can
              be reported for automated processing and analysis. Some services
              also record the list of applications and/or processes which are
              installed or run on your device.
Cookies and similar technologies
. When you use
              the App, cookies and similar technologies may be used (pixels, web
              beacons, scripts). A cookie is a text file containing small
              amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you
              access the App. The text file is then sent back to the server each
              time you use the App. This enables us to operate the App more
              effectively. For example, we will know how many users access
              specific areas or features within our App and which links or ads
              they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand
              and optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing efforts,
              and provide content and features that are of interest to you. We
              may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to
              the App, which may use cookies or similar technologies.
Log file information
. Log file information is
              automatically reported each time you make a request to access the
              App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your
              device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record
              certain log file information, including time and date when you
              start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information.
The following data might
              be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a
              particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if
              it was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer is about;
              what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad
              placement is involved (where the ad offer is displayed within the
              App); whether you respond to the ad.
In-app events.
When you use our App, analytics
              tools automatically record your activity information (tutorial
              steps, levelling up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events,
              progression events, method of limiting the processing of user
              data).
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools
            does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be
            responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some
            services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain
            information related to your personality and/or your device by using
            technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. In
            case when your user ID is linked to your Facebook account, Facebook
            may use your device information in association with categorized data
            that were already recorded in its databases (eg. your age, gender or
            other demographic indication). We do not control, supervise or stand
            surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that
            might be collected by their own means (not through our App). Any
            information request regarding the disclosure of your personal
            information should be directed to such third parties (see Section
            IV).
Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple) is responsible for billing,
            processing and charging for in-app purchases, handles your personal
            information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure. This
            information is processed as part of the performance of the contract
            between you and us. We cannot access or use your credit or debit
            card information.
You may access the applicable “in-app” purchase rules and policies
            directly from the app stores.
Email newsletters
When you register within the App and provide your email information
            by choosing the option “Sign in with Apple” or otherwise we may use
            such email information to send you communications (“newsletters”)
            regarding special subscription offers, new features, content and
            functionalities of the App on the grounds of our
legitimate interest
. Sending you newsletters will
            allow you to stay up to date and receive the latest news about our
            App, including about the best price offers. Note that when you
            provide your email information by using “Sign in with Apple” you may
            choose either to share your email or to keep your personal email
            address private and to hide it (“Hide my email” option, if
            available), in the latter case Apple will generate and provide us
            with a unique, random email address that automatically forwards to
            your personal inbox. You also hereby acknowledge and accept the
            treatment of some categories of your personal data (i. e. the
            information about your name if you provide it, date of registration
            within the App, subscription purchase date, geolocation data,
            activity information, etc.) for market analysis activities,
            particularly for the purpose of delivering you targeted newsletters
            that most align with your needs and interests. The information about
            your email address that we’ve received may be transferred to the
            email marketing tool for the purposes of optimization and automation
            of the email delivery process (please check Section IV to learn more
            about the tool’s privacy policies and practices). You may also
            opt-out of receiving communications to your email address at any
            time by using the resignation link provided in each email you
            receive from us. Your unsubscribe request shall be honored within a
            reasonable period of time.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with
            new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information
            for the following purposes:
(a)
To make our service available
. We use the
            functional information and information that is processed
            automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b)
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our
              App
. We use the information that is processed automatically to better
            understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and
            technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our
            App.
(c)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or
              other targeted content
. We may use information that is processed automatically for
            marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based
            on your preferences). We provide personalized content and
            information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of
            marketing.
(d)
To communicate with you
. We use the information
            we have to communicate with you through newsletters, i.e. to send
            you marketing notifications, newsletters, receive your feedback
            about our App experience, and let you know about our policies and
            terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you
            contact us.
(e)
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the law
.
            We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so
            that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent,
            detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially
            prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce
            our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will
            let you know we start to process information on that other purpose
            by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
IV. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways
            that are described in this Privacy policy. We adhere to the U.S.
            Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for the
            Mobile Environment.
Please note that while we partner solely with third parties that
            gave us assurance of application of necessary technical and
            organizational measures to protect your personal data, we cannot
            guarantee the security of any information transmitted from the App
            directly to such third parties. We are not responsible for any
            accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through
            a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties,
            but we may share your information from tools like cookies, log
            files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party
            organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies
            for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties’
            tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with
            third-party advertising partners. This information allows
            third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted
            advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service providers in order
            to provide us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and
            improvement of our services:
Entity name
Services performed
Entity location
Link to Privacy Policy
AdMob (Google LLC)
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Amplitude Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Applovin Corporation
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
AppsFlyer Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/,
                  https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Astria
AI-generated content provider
U.S.A.
https://www.strmr.com/privacy
To learn more about the applicable Storage policy, visit
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase Crashlytics (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy,
                  https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group LLC)
Email marketing tool
U.S.A.
https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/
OneSignal, Inc.
Customer engagement platform (push notifications delivery and
                  analytics)
U.S.A.
https://onesignal.com/privacy
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
Qonversion Inc.
In-App subscription implementation and revenue analytics
                  service
U.S.A.
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy
In case you want to learn more about these services and their
            privacy options (including opt-out) please consult the correspondent
            websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage
            of your personal data by the abovementioned third parties in
            violation of our instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you
            may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible
            for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services
            linked to or from our App, including the information or content
            contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is needed for
            objective reasons, due to the public interest or in other unforeseen
            circumstances:
- as required by law;
- when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to
            protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
            investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
- if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a
            portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a
            prominent notice in our App of any change in ownership or your
            personal information usage, as well as any choices you may have
            regarding your personal information.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to our Users
            around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data
            processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising
            partners may transfer the automatically processed information across
            borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
            jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws
            governing data processing that may differ from U.S. law, please note
            that we may transfer information, including personal information, to
            a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data
            protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be transferred to a
            third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within
            that third country, or to the international organization where data
            protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same
            level of protection of personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides
            a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance
            with the current legislation on the protection of such information.
            By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal data
            to any third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors
            within that third country, or to the international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the
            hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and,
            therefore, encrypt your personal data - if possible - before sending
            it to the hosting organizations for the purposes of its storage.
            Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations
            that have passed our security and reliability check.
VI. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is
            necessary for performing the functional service of the App and to
            comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use
            your information that we physically access and store, you can
            request that we erase your personal information and close your
            account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period
            (but no longer than the storage purpose requires) if information is
            necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting,
            audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings,
            prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
Specific storage terms applicable to the
Content related to AI Avatars feature
. We use your avatar training set (original photos uploaded by you
            for AI Avatars generation) solely to train the AI that creates AI
            Avatars. Your avatar training set is permanently deleted from our
            servers within 24 hours after use or earlier. Our AI-generated
            content provider will store your
Content related to AI Avatars feature
for 30 days after the AI training time ended.
VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights regarding
            your personal information. You have the following options in
            relation to your personal information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability
. You can request
              copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data
. Where you cannot update
              data by yourself through your account, you have the right to ask
              to correct, change, update or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion
. The user data is
              generally retained for as long as your user profile is in
              existence or as it is needed to provide the relevant services.
              However, specific retention times can vary based on context of the
              processing performed. You have the right to ask to delete all or
              some of the personal data that is held about you.
Restriction of Processing
. Under certain
              circumstances, you may have the right to limit the ways in which
              your personal information is used.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can contact us
            through
[contact form]
. Please bear in mind that we ensure the above mentioned rights
            only with respect to the information that we physically access and
            store.
When your personal information is processed automatically you may
            object to such processing in some circumstances. Where your personal
            information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask
            to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes.
            In order to exercise your right please contact the third party
            services listed in the Section IV of this Privacy policy to learn
            how you can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear
            instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or other
            options.
If you are located in the European Union, you may address our
            representative when you have questions on privacy issues:
Konrad Gutowski,
e-mail: user.data.protection@gmail.com
VIII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use the
            personalized ads on the basis of your interests please follow the
            instructions below:
Choose option "Limit Ad Tracking" on your iOS device in Settings/
              Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074;
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose.
Please mind when you opt out of certain interest based advertising,
            you may still continue to receive contextual ads based on other
            non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of
            other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use your precise
            location data, or street-level location information about you please
            follow the instructions below:
iOS 11 or later: turn Location Services off for the applicable
              Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy > Location Services”.
              Then select the applicable App and set the “Share My Location”
              status to “Never”. Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us.
            We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the
            personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and
            once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal
            information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure,
            alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved
            in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures,
            which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as
            data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the
            necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data
            to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms,
            including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or
            method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to
            protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its
            absolute security. In the event that your personal information is
            compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in
            compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can
            contact us through email or contact form displayed below.
X. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 18. Therefore,
            we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from
            children under 18. No one under age 18 may provide any personal
            information to the App. If you are under 18, do not use or provide
            any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not
            provide any information about yourself, including your email
            address, if you are under 18. If we learn that we have collected
            personal information from a child under age 18 without verification
            of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as
            possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or
            about a child under 18, please contact us.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes
            to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider
            appropriate. Additional forms of notice of modifications or updates
            as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy policy, please feel
            free to contact us using our
[support form]
.