You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Account and Registration Obligations
Brands For Less LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates (
BrandsForLess.com
) respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides succinctly the manner your data is collected and used by
BrandsForLess.com
. You are advised to please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing the services provided by
BrandsForLess.com
you agree to the collection and use of your data by
BrandsForLess.com
and certain authorized third party service providers in the manner provided in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the website -
BrandsForLess.com
("Site").
This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services; we collect from you and what may happen to that information. Although this policy may seem long, we have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about BrandsForLess.com practices so that you can make informed decisions.
By accepting the Privacy Policy during registration, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement.
Your Privacy - Our Commitment
BrandsForLess.com
, we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy. We value your trust in us. We will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our services and recommend us to friends and family. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Site.
We Want You To
Feel comfortable using our Site.
Feel secure in submitting information to us.
Contact Us with your questions or concerns about privacy on this Site.
Know that by using our Site you are consenting to the collection of certain data.
BrandsForLess.com
Privacy Guarantee
BrandsForLess.com
promises that we will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties (except as provided in this Privacy Policy) without your consent. We and/or certain authorized third party service providers will use the personal information provided by you to provide you with the services, which are offered on
BrandsForLess.com
". From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Site and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services purchased, etc. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.
What Information Is Or May Be Collected from You?
BrandsForLess.com
collects the details provided by you on registration together with information we learn about you from your use of our service and your visits to our Site and other sites accessible from them. We also collect information about the transactions you undertake including details of payment cards used. We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by us and information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and Site use, which enables us to improve the service we provide. We will collect only such information as is necessary and relevant to us to provide you with the services available on the Site.
Credit Card details:
We do not keep any credit card details in our database or server, which is processed through SSL environment.
All credit/debit cards details will NOT be sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
Anonymous Information
We will automatically receive and collect certain anonymous information in standard usage logs through our Web server, including computer-identification information obtained from "cookies" sent to your browser from:
Web server cookie stored on your hard drive
An IP address, assigned to the computer which you use
The domain server through which you access our service
The type of computer you're using
The type of web browser you're using
BrandsForLess.com
uses cookies for a number of purposes, for instance to enable us to simplify the logging on process for registered users, to help ensure the security and authenticity of registered users, to provide the mechanisms for online shopping and to enable traffic monitoring etc.
Non-registered visitors of the Site are sent anonymous cookies to keep track of their browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile. Whilst you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our Site or to access many of our services, you must have cookies enabled if you wish to shop online at any of or access any areas reserved for registered users.
Most browsers allow you to turn off the cookie function. As described above this will restrict the
BrandsForLess.com
services you can use.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect the following personally identifiable information about you like:
name including first and last name
mobile phone number and contact details
demographic profile (like your age, address)
opinions on the features on our Site
You can terminate your account at any time. However, your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account.
Personally identifiable information such as name and contact details will be stored and used for marketing or transactional purposes however will not be sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
Who Collects the Information?
We will collect anonymous traffic information from you when you visit our Site. We will collect personally identifiable information about you only as part of a voluntary registration process, on-line survey, or contest or any combination thereof.
Our advertisers may collect anonymous traffic information from their own assigned cookies to your browser.
The Site contains links to other Web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, which we do not own, manage or control and we urge you to study the privacy policies of such Web sites.
Our Use of Your Information?
Use your personal information to:
help us provide personalized features
tailor our Site to your interests
to get in touch with you whenever necessary
to provide the services requested by you
to preserve social history as governed by existing law or policy
We use contact information internally to:
direct our efforts for product improvement
contact you as a survey respondent
notify you if you win any contest
send you promotional materials from our contest sponsors or advertisers
Generally, we use anonymous traffic information to:
remind us of who you are in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service from both an advertising and an editorial perspective
recognize your access privileges to our Site
track your entries in some of our promotions, sweepstakes and contests to indicate a player's progress through the promotion and to track entries, submissions, and status in prize drawings
make sure that you don't see the same ad repeatedly
help diagnose problems with our servers
administer our Site
track your session so that we can understand better how people use our Site
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We will not use your personal information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you.
We do not rent, sell or share your personal information and we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties unless:
we have your permission
to provide products or services you've requested
to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of BrandsForLess.com terms of use or to defend against legal claims
special circumstances such as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure
What choices are available to you regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Your Information?
Supplying personally identifiable information is entirely voluntary. You are not required to register with us in order to browse our Site. However, we offer some services only to visitors who do register.
You may change your interests at any time and may opt-in or opt-out of any marketing / promotional / newsletters mailings. BrandsForLess.com reserves the right to send you certain service related communication, considered to be a part of your BrandsForLess.com account without offering you the facility to opt-out. You may update your information and change your account settings at any time. Please use the contact information provided below for the above purposes.
Upon request, we will remove / block your personally identifiable information from our database, thereby canceling your registration. However, your information may remain stored in archive on our servers even after the deletion or the termination of your account.
If we plan to use your personally identifiable information for any commercial purposes, we will notify you at the time we collect that information and allow you to opt-out of having your information used for those purposes.
How to unsubscribe from our Newsletter?
You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by clicking on 'unsubscribe' link located at the bottom of each newsletter.
Security
To protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, we have in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures. For example, our servers are accessible only to authorized personnel and that your information is shared with respective personnel on need to know basis to complete the transaction and to provide the services requested by you.
Although we will endeavor to safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure. By using this Site, you agree that we will have no liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Access or change your personally identifiable information
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information. If you have registered your profile on Brands For Less, your BrandsForLess.com User ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information.
We reserve the right to change or update our policies at any time. Such changes shall be effective immediately upon posting to this Site. You can offer your views, suggestions, if any, by submitting your feedback using the form in the Contact Us section.
Data Security
This Privacy Policy explains how Brands For Less, the operator of the Brands For Less application, collects, processes, and uses personal data for specified purposes and to a defined extent.
We treat all personal data processed through the use of the Brands For Less application confidentially and in compliance with applicable data protection regulations.
By downloading the application, you acknowledge and agree to the data collection, processing, and usage procedures outlined in detail below.
Data Processing During Download and Installation of the Application
To facilitate the purchase and installation of our application and to provide you with the content, you may need to enter into a usage agreement with a third-party provider. During the download, necessary information, including your username, email address, customer number or account, payment information, download time, and individual device identification number, is transferred to the respective App Store or Play Store. We do not control this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process this data only to facilitate the download of the application to your mobile device. Additional information can be found in the privacy policy of the third-party provider.
Data Processing by Brands For Less
Any personal data collected through your use of the Brands For Less application will be utilized solely for operating the application, communication, and direct marketing related to our products and events.
Certain data transmitted by your browser to our server is automatically collected for displaying the application and ensuring its stability and security. This data includes:
Type and unique ID of your mobile device
IP address
Date and time of server request
Referrer URL
Access status/HTTP status code
Amount of data transmitted
Type of mobile operating system
Language and version of mobile browser software
Diagnostic data
Upon installing the application, certain system queries may occur on your mobile device, depending on the services used within the application, such as:
Device ID
Location
Push ID received during push registration
You can provide and revoke consent to release your mobile device location data at any time for receiving local offers after app installation.
We utilize beacon technology when you are near our stores or inside them. Beacons are transmitters based on Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) technology that send signals to receivers, such as mobile devices, identifying the beacon when in proximity.
We will not track your location without your consent. Your mobile device will request permission before using a location-based content or service within the app. If permission is denied, we will not process any location-based content data. We won't store your location data permanently, only as long and as necessary to process the location-based content or service request. You can withdraw consent for location-based information collection in your device settings at any time.
The information in your user profile is used solely to tailor the app's offerings to your interests and needs and is entirely voluntary.
Use of Collected Data during Registration
During registration under our terms of use, we will request the following data through our input form:
Salutation, first name, last name
Address
Date of Birth
Email address
Preferred stores
These data inquiries are essential to provide our services under our terms of use.
The data will be stored as long as your registration is valid. Legal storage obligations, such as those stipulated by commercial or tax laws, will remain unaffected.
When using external service providers for personal data processing, we ensure careful selection, written commissioning, and compliance with our instructions. The service providers will not share this data with third parties and will delete it after completing the contract and complying with statutory storage periods unless consent to store it beyond this has been granted.
Your registration details are saved in your account and on the servers.
In addition, certain data may be stored on your mobile device.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will only share your personal data with other parties, including companies and external individuals, if legal permission to do so exists.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies. We utilize cookies and similar technologies within the application to enhance user experience and overall efficiency. Cookies are small text files assigned to your browser and stored on your hard drive, enhancing the app's user-friendliness and effectiveness.
Cookies can contain data allowing device recognition but typically don't personally identify users. We differentiate between session cookies (deleted after closing the browser) and permanent cookies (stored beyond the session).
We use necessary cookies for app navigation, basic functions, and security purposes. Consent-based technologies that enhance app usage may also be utilized.
Analysis Services
We utilize beaconsmind AG to provide insights into app usage, user preferences, statistical analyses of products and stores, and purchase histories. The statistics obtained help us enhance the app's offerings and make them more appealing to users. In addition, with your consent, we can track your presence in a store using the beacon technology mentioned.
Google Analytics
We utilize features of Google Analytics. Google Analytics helps us analyze and enhance app usage regularly, utilizing obtained statistics to improve offerings for users.
Sentry
Our app uses the error diagnosis service Sentry, provided by Functional Software, Inc., to diagnose app crashes or unexpected errors. Relevant information is sent to Sentry's servers for analysis and diagnostics.
Your Rights
You have specific rights concerning your personal data under applicable laws:
Right to information
Right to rectification or erasure
Right to restriction of processing
Right to object to processing
Right to data portability
For inquiries related to data protection law, contact
customercare@bflgroup.ae
Email and Postal Communication
During registration and acceptance of our terms of use, you can consent to receive email and postal newsletters. We process your email and postal addresses to send you relevant communications. You can revoke this consent at any time without providing reasons.
Links to External Websites
Our app may contain links to websites of third-party providers. When you access these links, we no longer control data collection and usage. Refer to the respective provider's privacy policy for comprehensive information on data collection and use.
Data Security
You are responsible for controlling access to your mobile device and maintaining password confidentiality. We employ technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, loss, or alterations. However, complete data protection during internet transmission (e.g., email communication) is not guaranteed.
Updates to Privacy Notice
This privacy notice may be updated periodically due to legal changes or new features. We recommend checking it regularly for updates.
For any privacy-related inquiries, please contact us at
customercare@bflgroup.ae
Your Consent
By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site by Brands For Less LLC. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact details
Brands For Less LLC,
P.O Box No: 80794, Dubai
Customer Service
Brands For Less Customer Service
Tel: +971 800 8333
Fax: +971 800 8333
E-mail: customercare@bflgroup.ae
Time: EVERYDAY FROM 6:30 AM TO 2.00 AM