Home
/
404
The page you were looking for could not be found.
Continue shopping
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.watchovers.com/policies/privacy-policy:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More
Got it!
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More
Got it!
Request a callback
Home
/
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for WatchOvers Limited, a company incorporated in Republic of Ireland with company number 549807 and having its registered office at Charleville House, Firhouse Road, Knocklyon, Dublin 16. Ireland. Reference to “WatchOvers”, “WatchOvers Limited”, “we” or “us” in this Privacy Policy means WatchOvers Limited and include our websites
watchovers.com
and any other WatchOver websites, and also includes our Mobile Applications, social media (collectively our “website”). By accessing our website and/or by submitting personal data manually or in electronic form to us in connection with our website you give your consent that all personal data that you submit will be processed by us in the manner and for the purposes described below.
This privacy statement explains the kinds of information we may obtain from or about you as a visitor to our websites and pages on social media or as a user of our mobile or other applications (collectively, our “website”); how we may use that information (together with information provided offline or via other means); and who we may share that information with.
Each time you access, browse and/or use our website you agree to the following terms. If you do not agree you must cease to use our website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites.
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Registration
Users of the website may be prompted to register user details with the website. Such data will be provided voluntarily by the user and any such data collected will become the property of WatchOvers Limited. Providing additional information is optional and will enable WatchOvers to access publicly available data in order to provide a more personalised experience of the website. Ultimate control of your data is with you.
Information collection and use
At WatchOvers we take the protection of your data seriously. We want you to feel confident that we are keeping your data secure, and that we handle and process it in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation.
In our data protection policy we explain what personal data we collect, how we collect it, what we use your data for and how we safeguard it.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of the users. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from those disclosed in this statement.
We collect information from you at several different points on our website and may collect information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data, information and data about you available on other websites or databases.
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this the current most version of this policy for the time being. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this Privacy page, and may place notices on other pages of our website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. Continued use of our website will constitute your agreement to any such changes.
Data we collect
To provide you with our services we need to collect personal data from you for certain processes such as providing our services and when you enquire about our services.
The data we collect may include:
Personal information such as name(s), user names, phone numbers, and other contact details, gender, height, weight, date of birth, passwords, email addresses, unique identifier numbers, session details (as above), location details and history. Any additional information collected through the website not covered in this policy will be notified to users through an update of this Privacy Policy.
If you are a buying our products or services we may collect your credit or debit card information.
When you contact us directly, through our call centre (call recordings) or through our web chat (transcripts) or any feedback you have given us through our website or apps including customer support. This may be used for training and compliance purposes.
Location data to establish a connection between the network and your device. Without this location data, you would not be able to make or receive calls or messages or use data or use location services.
If you register with us, for example, you will need to share certain personal information with us, such as your name, phone number and email address, and to create a unique user name and password for your account.
When you visit our websites or use our apps we collect device information such as the IP address of your device, your device model and its settings and network information.
When you provide us with information about you in relation to how you use WatchOvers content/products or services in competitions, market research or consumer forums.
Your marketing preferences that you may provide when you sign up for our products and services.
The type of products and services you have including your contract type and all information to do with your payments.
Data about your communications such as the date and time of calls/texts/messages you have made and the numbers you have dialled or received. Also included is the duration of the calls and your approximate location (the nearest cell tower) when you make the call/texts. Also includes your location data using GPS and WiFi.
Data that we receive from Third Parties where you have given them permission to share your data with us.
The data we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored or backed up at, a destination located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). By providing information to the Site/Mobile Application you expressly consent to such information being transferred or stored outside of the EEA.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and although we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of it. Any transmission of personal data to the website is at your own risk.
How we use the data we collect
Primarily we use the data we collect from you to provide you with our services and to ensure we are providing you with relevant products and services that meet your specific needs, and to deliver more efficient services.
We may use this data:
To help us improve our products and services.
To ensure we are only sending you communications about products and services that you’ve shown an interest in.
To make sure you enjoy a good experience with us.
To keep you updated on any changes to our services, and to advise you on how you can get the best from our services and products.
We will process your data to help us present suitable offers to you in the form of relevant communications based on your interests.
To ensure our service and network/3
rd
party networks are secure and to detect or prevent fraud or crime.
So that we can investigate, prevent or take action regarding any illegal activities and violations of our Terms and conditions and/or applicable law.
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations.
In many cases we aggregate and/or anonymise your personal information so that it no longer identifies you.
We use this data so that we can better understand our customers and how they use our services so that we can improve our services to provide a better customer experience or to create new services.
How long we will keep your personal data
This will depend on the type of data and how we use that data. When we make a decision on what data to keep we consider the information we need to best provide you with our products and services, to help us manage your relationship with us, and to make sure we can meet certain statutory obligations.
How we collect data
We typically ask you for personal details when you sign up for our services, when you order online, order in person, register for any of our apps, or visit our websites.
How we secure your data
At WatchOvers, securing your personal data is extremely important to us, which is why we take appropriate measures to protect your data. We use a range of security technologies and processes, and actively monitor emerging cyber threats.
How you can take control of your personal data
You have control over your personal data. If you do not want us to send you relevant offers or marketing information you can opt out at any time. You can opt out using the link or text option at the bottom of any marketing email or text you receive from us.
What communications we will always send you
We make it easy for you to opt-out of marketing information and offers. However, we want to make sure you are kept up to date on all information relevant to your account. That is why you cannot opt out of receiving messages related to billing, usage or general service messages.
Sharing / Third parties – Who we share your data with and why
In order to offer you Klarna’s payment methods, we might in the checkout pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment methods and to tailor those payment methods for you. Your personal data transferred is processed in line with
Klarna’s own privacy notice
.
We may share (whether or not for payment) aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When you sign up for these services, we may share names or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
We may also use such aggregated information and statistics for monitoring the website and mobile application usage in order to help us develop the website and mobile application, and our services, and may provide such aggregate information to third parties.
There are a number of reasons why we would share your data with third parties. Be assured your data will only ever be shared with third parties that we trust explicitly.
Here is a list of occasions in which we share your data, and the third parties to whom we share it with;
Organisations who work on WatchOvers behalf to provide you with products and services, for example, billing and mobile services.
If you have opted in for marketing or have requested to be marketed by third parties under our service.
If we feel your personal safety is at risk.
If we are required by any relevant public authority or law enforcement agency.
If there is a change of ultimate ownership of WatchOvers Limited. In this case we would require the new owners to keep your data confidential.
If we suspect that you have given us false information and we have reasonable grounds to do a further investigation.
Where a third party is processing your data on behalf of WatchOvers and is required to disclose it by law.
Where a customer has made a complaint and we need to investigate it.
We may pass on your data to a third party if you fail to meet your contractual obligations.
We may need to transfer your data outside the EEA when we require a Third Party to work on behalf of WatchOvers to provide you with a service or product.
Updating/Removal of personal information
If any information regarding you requires correction, update or change, it is your responsibility to advise us of the required amendments.
If you inform us that you no longer desire our services, when we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations we’ll either remove it from our systems or anonymise it so that we can’t identify you.
Rights you have about your information
You have rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you:
the right to know what has been collected and how it is being processed.
the right to access the information we hold about you, known as a Subject Access Request.
the right to have inaccurate or incomplete information corrected.
the right to restrict the processing for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
the right to object to processing your information.
the right to withdraw your consent for direct marketing purposes.
the right to have information erased when we no longer have a legitimate reason to keep it.
the right to have your information transferred to you or another organisation of your choice in electronic form.
the right to object to decisions being made solely by automated means.
the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commissioner about your information.
As we use your information to provide you with your services and for the performance of our contract with you, if you object to processing information or make requests for restriction or erasure, these may affect our ability to provide you with the service requested. You can exercise any of your rights by contacting our Data Protection Officer at the details below.
Your contact preferences
You can decide how you would like us to keep you updated about our products, services and exclusive promotions via post, telephone, text or email. We don’t share your information with third parties for marketing purposes – we only send you information that’s relevant to our services. If at any time you no longer want to hear from us simply click unsubscribe at the bottom of any email or text message we send you. To provide you with your service and manage your account with us we will always send you communications about your Account, Billing or important Service updates.
How you can access your my data
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or you wish to receive a copy of the information we hold about you, you can contact us by sending your request in writing to;  Data Protection Office, WatchOvers Limited, Charleville Manor, Firhouse Road, Knocklyon, Dublin 16, Ireland.
Public (Unregistered) users
Upon downloading the mobile application your mobile handset will be assigned a Unique Identifier Number which will be tracked within the mobile application database. We will not capture data about public (non-registered) users of the website, other the aforementioned Unique Identifier Number and session details including but not limited to time logged on, time logged off and services used and location data. This information is automatically logged by the web server and will be used to evaluate the use and performance of the network. Aggregate data may be shared with third parties.
Privacy protection for children
The website is not targeted towards children and does not seek to collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If in the future the website need to collect Personal Information from children under 13, such collection and use shall be done in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and appropriate consent from the child’s parent or guardian shall be sought. If WatchOvers becomes aware that Personal Information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about you when you visit our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on the website. Once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on the website, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the website. If you reject the cookie, you may not be able to use every function of the website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target your interests to enhance your experience of the Site.
By accepting this policy you are providing explicit consent to the use of cookies. If you wish to opt out please adjust your web browser settings accordingly. You can also easily delete or clear cookies on your browser at any time.
Log files
We use Mobile Handset Unique Identifier Numbers to analyse trends, administer the website and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Links
The website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by us on our websites or other methods as may be referred to herein.
Notifications and direct mailings
We occasionally send out newsletters, alerts or notifications to our members. We may also wish to provide you with information about special features of our website or any other service or products we think may be of interest to you. At any time you can alter your notifications settings to disable the receipt of such notifications. We strongly advise you that you should never turn off or disable the notifications for our App.
From time to time the website may request information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as gender or age).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use of and satisfaction with this site.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We make every effort to ensure that our practices, procedures and systems comply with the relevant data protection legislation.
We shall only use your personal data in accordance with the legal requirements, principles and best practice recommendations of the Act(s), which grants you various rights in respect of the processing of your personal data.
For more details about your rights under the Act(s), the rules we have to adhere to in collecting and storing your information, and how you can check your data records, please visit
dataprotection.ie
9th April 2022
Country/region
Afghanistan (AFN ؋)
Åland Islands (EUR €)
Albania (ALL)
Algeria (DZD)
Andorra (EUR €)
Angola (EUR €)
Anguilla (XCD $)
Antigua & Barbuda (XCD $)
Argentina (EUR €)
Armenia (AMD ֏)
Aruba (AWG)
Ascension Island (SHP £)
Australia (AUD $)
Austria (EUR €)
Azerbaijan (AZN ₼)
Bahamas (BSD $)
Bahrain (EUR €)
Bangladesh (BDT ৳)
Barbados (BBD $)
Belarus (EUR €)
Belgium (EUR €)
Belize (BZD $)
Benin (XOF F CFA)
Bermuda (USD $)
Bhutan (EUR €)
Bolivia (BOB Bs)
Bosnia & Herzegovina (BAM KM)
Botswana (BWP P)
Brazil (EUR €)
British Indian Ocean Territory (USD $)
British Virgin Islands (USD $)
Brunei (BND $)
Bulgaria (BGN)
Burkina Faso (XOF F CFA)
Burundi (BIF)
Cambodia (KHR ៛)
Cameroon (XAF FCFA)
Canada (CAD $)
Cape Verde (CVE)
Caribbean Netherlands (USD $)
Cayman Islands (KYD $)
Central African Republic (XAF FCFA)
Chad (XAF FCFA)
Chile (EUR €)
China (CNY ¥)
Christmas Island (AUD $)
Cocos (Keeling) Islands (AUD $)
Colombia (EUR €)
Comoros (KMF CF)
Congo - Brazzaville (XAF FCFA)
Congo - Kinshasa (CDF)
Cook Islands (NZD $)
Costa Rica (CRC ₡)
Côte d’Ivoire (XOF F CFA)
Croatia (EUR €)
Curaçao (ANG)
Cyprus (EUR €)
Czechia (CZK Kč)
Denmark (DKK kr)
Djibouti (DJF)
Dominica (XCD $)
Dominican Republic (DOP $)
Ecuador (USD $)
Egypt (EGP E£)
El Salvador (USD $)
Equatorial Guinea (XAF FCFA)
Eritrea (EUR €)
Estonia (EUR €)
Eswatini (EUR €)
Ethiopia (ETB)
Falkland Islands (FKP £)
Faroe Islands (DKK kr)
Fiji (FJD $)
Finland (EUR €)
France (EUR €)
French Guiana (EUR €)
French Polynesia (XPF CFPF)
French Southern Territories (EUR €)
Gabon (XOF F CFA)
Gambia (GMD)
Georgia (EUR €)
Germany (EUR €)
Ghana (EUR €)
Gibraltar (GBP £)
Greece (EUR €)
Greenland (DKK kr)
Grenada (XCD $)
Guadeloupe (EUR €)
Guatemala (GTQ Q)
Guernsey (GBP £)
Guinea (GNF FG)
Guinea-Bissau (XOF F CFA)
Guyana (GYD $)
Haiti (EUR €)
Honduras (HNL L)
Hong Kong SAR (HKD HK$)
Hungary (HUF Ft)
Iceland (ISK kr)
India (INR ₹)
Indonesia (IDR Rp)
Iraq (EUR €)
Ireland (EUR €)
Isle of Man (GBP £)
Israel (ILS ₪)
Italy (EUR €)
Jamaica (JMD $)
Japan (JPY ¥)
Jersey (EUR €)
Jordan (EUR €)
Kazakhstan (KZT ₸)
Kenya (KES)
Kiribati (EUR €)
Kosovo (EUR €)
Kuwait (EUR €)
Kyrgyzstan (KGS)
Laos (LAK ₭)
Latvia (EUR €)
Lebanon (LBP L£)
Lesotho (EUR €)
Liberia (EUR €)
Libya (EUR €)
Liechtenstein (CHF)
Lithuania (EUR €)
Luxembourg (EUR €)
Macao SAR (MOP)
Madagascar (EUR €)
Malawi (MWK)
Malaysia (MYR RM)
Maldives (MVR)
Mali (XOF F CFA)
Malta (EUR €)
Martinique (EUR €)
Mauritania (EUR €)
Mauritius (MUR Rs)
Mayotte (EUR €)
Mexico (EUR €)
Moldova (MDL)
Monaco (EUR €)
Mongolia (MNT ₮)
Montenegro (EUR €)
Montserrat (XCD $)
Morocco (MAD)
Mozambique (EUR €)
Myanmar (Burma) (MMK K)
Namibia (EUR €)
Nauru (AUD $)
Nepal (NPR Rs)
Netherlands (EUR €)
New Caledonia (XPF CFPF)
New Zealand (NZD $)
Nicaragua (NIO C$)
Niger (XOF F CFA)
Nigeria (NGN ₦)
Niue (NZD $)
Norfolk Island (AUD $)
North Macedonia (MKD)
Norway (EUR €)
Oman (EUR €)
Pakistan (PKR Rs)
Palestinian Territories (ILS ₪)
Panama (USD $)
Papua New Guinea (PGK)
Paraguay (PYG ₲)
Peru (PEN)
Philippines (PHP ₱)
Pitcairn Islands (NZD $)
Poland (PLN zł)
Portugal (EUR €)
Qatar (QAR)
Réunion (EUR €)
Romania (RON lei)
Russia (EUR €)
Rwanda (RWF RF)
Samoa (WST)
San Marino (EUR €)
São Tomé & Príncipe (STD)
Saudi Arabia (SAR)
Senegal (XOF F CFA)
Serbia (RSD)
Seychelles (EUR €)
Sierra Leone (SLL)
Singapore (SGD $)
Sint Maarten (ANG)
Slovakia (EUR €)
Slovenia (EUR €)
Solomon Islands (SBD $)
Somalia (EUR €)
South Africa (EUR €)
South Georgia & South Sandwich Islands (GBP £)
South Korea (KRW ₩)
South Sudan (EUR €)
Spain (EUR €)
Sri Lanka (LKR Rs)
St. Barthélemy (EUR €)
St. Helena (SHP £)
St. Kitts & Nevis (XCD $)
St. Lucia (XCD $)
St. Martin (EUR €)
St. Pierre & Miquelon (EUR €)
St. Vincent & Grenadines (XCD $)
Sudan (EUR €)
Suriname (EUR €)
Svalbard & Jan Mayen (EUR €)
Sweden (SEK kr)
Switzerland (CHF)
Taiwan (TWD $)
Tajikistan (TJS)
Tanzania (TZS)
Thailand (THB ฿)
Timor-Leste (USD $)
Togo (XOF F CFA)
Tokelau (NZD $)
Tonga (TOP T$)
Trinidad & Tobago (TTD $)
Tristan da Cunha (GBP £)
Tunisia (EUR €)
Türkiye (EUR €)
Turkmenistan (EUR €)
Turks & Caicos Islands (USD $)
Tuvalu (AUD $)
U.S. Outlying Islands (USD $)
Uganda (UGX)
Ukraine (UAH ₴)
United Arab Emirates (AED)
United States (USD $)
Uruguay (UYU $)
Uzbekistan (UZS)
Vanuatu (VUV)
Vatican City (EUR €)
Venezuela (USD $)
Vietnam (VND ₫)
Wallis & Futuna (XPF CFPF)
Western Sahara (MAD)
Yemen (YER)
Zambia (EUR €)
Zimbabwe (USD $)