PayMyPark Privacy Policy
What personal Information does PayMyPark Collect?
We collect information relating to you that you have provided to us (through registration, completing forms, contacting us, or using our products and services) or that we may have obtained from another source.
                 This could include your name, address, telephone numbers and any other information collected in relation to your use of our products and services.  (Also see Statistical information in point 10)
Why do we collect personal information?
PayMyPark collects personal information from our customers and visitors to our site in order to carry out its functions, analysing, and responding to those queries and reports.  We also provide information regarding your parking session to the relevant authority to enable the service to work, and to avoid infringement notices on your vehicle. 
                For more information about what we do, please visit our
About Us
page.
How do we collect personal information?
PayMyPark may ask you to provide some personal information when you complete an online form, for example by submitting information to PayMyPark through the site web form, or a form to subscribe to site updates or news, or as requested from PayMyPark.
Holding and retention of information
When you provide personal information, it will be held by PayMyPark. It may be stored or accessed on behalf of PayMyPark by authorised third parties (such as third-party contractors) to the extent that is necessary. We will store and keep it secure in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 and PayMyPark employees will be subject to PayMyPark’s information security and privacy requirements.
PayMyPark will only retain personal information for as long as it is required for the purposes for which the information may lawfully be used.
How does PayMyPark use personal information?
We will generally only use personal information provided to us for the purpose you provided it (for example, to administer, evaluate and improve the site, and to improve our services). We may also use personal information provided to us for other reasons permitted under the Privacy Act (with your consent, for a directly related purpose, or where the law permits or requires it).
The purpose of this privacy statement is to let users and customers of PayMyPark and this website know when we collect personal information and what we do with it. We do not use, share, or disclose personal information collected or received, except as set out in this statement.
                Any aggregated information collected or shared by PayMyPark is anonymised and does not identify individuals. PayMyPark may share aggregated, anonymised information and reports with its partners.
Disclosure of information:
PayMyPark will not disclose personal information provided or collected unless you otherwise provide consent (for example, if we contact you to request consent to refer your queries to appropriate third-party agencies) or as required or otherwise permitted by law.
                 We will provide information regarding your parking session to the relevant parking authority to enable provision of the services, and notify the authority that your vehicle parking is paid.
Authorisation to disclose information
If you are contacting PayMyPark on behalf of another organisation, you should be authorised by the organisation to provide information to PayMyPark and to authorise sharing of information (including associated commercially sensitive information) with our other partners.
Voluntary disclosure of personal information
You may choose to voluntarily provide personal information to PayMyPark, for example to report incidents, or provide feedback. You may also report incidents anonymously (see Collection of personal information). You are not required by law to provide PayMyPark with personal information, although it may be required for PayMyPark to assist you with incidents.
Your rights of access, correction and deletion
You have the right to:
find out from us whether we hold personal information about you
access that information, and if applicable
request corrections to that information
request deletion to that information
If PayMyPark has a good reason for refusing a request for correction, you are entitled to request that a statement be attached to the information of the correction that was sought but not made.
                If you want to check personal information that we hold, please email the Privacy Officer at info@paymtypark.com
                For more information on the privacy laws in New Zealand and contact details for the Office of the Privacy Commissioner, please visit their website.
Statistical information
We may collect statistical information about your visit to help us improve this site. This information is aggregated and non-personally identifying. It includes:
your IP addresses
the search terms you used
the pages you accessed on our site and the links you clicked on
the date and time you visited the site or used the application
the referring site (if any) through which you clicked through to this site
the device you used to access the site
your operating system (for example, Windows XP, Mac OSX, iOS, Android), and
The statistical information referred to above will be viewable by site administrators and certain other PayMyPark employees. It may also be shared with other government agencies.
Cookies
Browser or ‘web’ cookies are small text files that are sent by a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are generally used to improve your experience of a website (for example, by remembering preferences you have set) and to track site usage.
                    PayMyPark does not use cookies on this website to gather any personally identifiable information. We use cookies to gather data about trends in site usage using a tool called Google Analytics.
                    You can read Google’s privacy statement, and access a Google Analytics opt-out tool, at the
Google Privacy Centre.
You can manually disable cookies at any time - check your browser's 'Help' to find out how (disabling cookies will not affect your ability to use this website but will impact your user experience and preferences).
Security
PayMyPark websites have security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of information under our control. In order to maintain the cyber security of PayMyPark systems and information, PayMyPark systems are subject to ongoing monitoring (including activity logging), analysis and auditing.
We may use information about your use of our websites and other IT systems to prevent unauthorised access or attacks on these systems or to resolve such events. We may use this information even if you are not involved in such activity. PayMyPark may utilise services from one or more third party suppliers to monitor or maintain the cyber security of its systems and information. These third-party suppliers will have access to monitoring and logging information as well as information processed on PayMyPark websites and other IT systems.
We use essential cookies to monitor web performance. Kindly accept the cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn More
Accept
IMPORTANT
: Keep yourself safe from scams
Only download the PayMyPark App from the official Google Play Store and Apple Store
PayMyPark does not charge a registration fee
If in doubt, please contact the PayMyPark support team at
info@paymypark.com
Email Support
Dismiss
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://safety.google/intl/en_nz/privacy/:
safety.google/ uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
We keep your
personal
information private, safe and secure.
At Google, we respect and protect your privacy with industry-leading security infrastructure, responsible data practices, and easy-to-use privacy tools that put you in control.
Protecting your privacy
starts with
the world’s
most advanced security.
Your privacy is protected across Google with built-in security designed to automatically stop threats before they reach you.
Learn more
Advanced encryption keeps your data safe in transit
Encryption brings a higher level of security and privacy to our services. When you send an email, share a video, visit a website or store your photos, the data that you create moves between your device, Google services and our data centres. We protect this data with multiple layers of security, including leading encryption technology such as HTTPS and Transport Layer Security.
Proactive security alerts help protect your private information
We’ll proactively notify you if we detect something that we think you should know about – like a suspicious login or a malicious website, file or app – and we’ll provide guidance to help you stay better protected. When we detect something suspicious in your account, we’ll send a notification to your inbox or phone so that you can protect your account with one click.
Threats detected and blocked automatically
Safe Browsing protects four billion devices every day, including yours. To make the Internet safer for everyone, we made this technology available free of cost for other companies to use in their browsers, including Apple’s Safari and Mozilla’s Firefox. So you’re protected as you browse on Google and beyond.
Easy-to-use privacy tools
that
put you in control.
Control what data is saved to your Google Account
When it comes to privacy, we know one size does not fit all. That’s why we help you choose the privacy settings that are right for you. Whether you want to save, delete or auto-delete your data, we give you the tools to do it.
Learn more
Your privacy is protected by
responsible data practices.
Data plays an important role in making the products and services that you use every day more helpful. We are committed to treating that data responsibly and protecting your privacy with strict protocols and innovative privacy technologies.
Learn more
Explore more ways that we
keep you safe online.
Built-in security
Learn more about our automatic security protections.
Privacy controls
Choose the privacy settings that are right for you.
Data practices
Learn more about how we respect your privacy with responsible data practices.
Security tips
Discover quick tips and best practices to stay safer online.
Ads and data
Learn more about the ads that you see on our platforms.
Built-in security
Learn more about our automatic security protections.
Privacy controls
Choose the privacy settings that are right for you.
Data practices
Learn more about how we respect your privacy with responsible data practices.
Security tips
Discover quick tips and best practices to stay safer online.
Ads and data
Learn more about the ads that you see on our platforms.
0
1
2
3
4
Not all products or features may be available in all locations.