Privacy Policy
Last update: July 15, 2024
Overall Context
Your privacy is important to Dartfish. This Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our long-term commitment to combine the highest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with Personal Information from our customers.
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding what Personal Information is collected by Dartfish, how and, under which legal basis this Personal Information is collected, what and how this Personal Information will be used for and how long will Dartfish keep it. Also this policy will provide you with guidelines on how to access your Personal Information, modify it and ultimately delete it.
The Dartfish Privacy Policy is fully compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and will come into force on May 25, 2018. It replaces and voids all previous editions of privacy policies issued by Dartfish and is applicable to all platforms, websites, applications and solutions delivered by Dartfish.
What is Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that, either alone or in combination with other collected information, can lead to the identification of an individual. When Dartfish combines other information (i.e., information that does not, on its own, identify an individual) with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information.
When and How does Dartfish Collect and Use Personal Information
Generally speaking, Dartfish collects and uses Personal Information for the sole purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and ensuring a smooth and seamless experience to customers and prospective customers.
When you Create a Dartfish Account
When you create an account on a Dartfish platform, website or mobile app, we ask you to provide Personal Information, including your name and email address. You will use your email address and your password to login to your account during the time of your commercial relationship with Dartfish. Your Dartfish account is password-protected and is your gateway to access Dartfish products, as well as to our customer service tool.
When deemed relevant, Dartfish may use the email addresses of the accounts associated with a Dartfish product to provide commercial or non-commercial information related to the products and services associated to the account. Such information includes, but is not limited to, security update, privacy policy updates, new features or functionality in your products or on your account.
When You decide to login to your Dartfish Account with Social Media Credentials
You may choose to login to your Dartfish account using social media login credentials (e.g., your Facebook login credentials). If you choose to do this, when you login to your Dartfish account using social media login credentials for the first time, you will be asked whether you agree that the social media provider may provide certain information to Dartfish, such as your name, email address, profile photo, posts, comments and other information associated with your social media account.
All of this information is made available to Dartfish by the social media provider due to the way the social sign-on configuration works, but of this information, Dartfish only retains and uses your email address. If you do not want your personal information to be shared with Dartfish by the social media provider, then we recommend you create login credentials specific to the Dartfish platform.
When You Buy Products / Start a trial on the Dartfish Website
If you purchase a product / start a trial for a product on the Dartfish website, you will be first requested to create an account on our platform.
In addition to the Personal Information collected in the Account creation process, Dartfish will collect additional Personal Information from you, such as your name, mailing address and telephone number, field of activity as well as your credit card information so that we can process your order and fulfill your purchase.
Dartfish will also send you emails to confirm your order, and may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or email should we have other questions regarding your order.
When you request Support from Dartfish
All support requests for any Dartfish platform, website, app or solution must be logged through a Dartfish account. To assist you in solving your problem, our customer support representatives may create or ask you to create event logs that are useful in diagnosing solutions or performance related issues. Dartfish will exclusively use this information to provide you with a solution to your problem. During the support process, we may access your Dartfish account to assist us in providing you the necessary assistance.
When you subscribe to our Newsletter
In order to receive regular news about the evolution of our solutions in general, as well as news on upcoming products and services, or industry related information, you can subscribe to our newsletter by providing Dartfish with your email address.
This consented opt-in status can be modified anytime by using the unsubscribe function of the newsletter.
When you Use the “Contact Us” form on our Website
For all requests logged on our website by the means of a “Contact Us” form, Dartfish collects Personal Data. This Personal Data is collected to ensure that the right person within Dartfish can provide a proper and suitable answer to the requestor. ONLY A few FILEDS mandatory.
Personal Information collected at this occasion is neither stored nor reused for any other purpose.
When you visit our websites or platforms
To help analyze how you and other visitors use our products and services Dartfish can collect certain information when you visit our site or use our platform. This information includes IP address, geographic location of the device, hardware type, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), demographics, page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. On our website we may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIF’s or other similar tools to assist us in collecting and analyzing such information. The use of these technologies makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet.
If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers allowing you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them.
Other Uses of Personal Information by Dartfish
Dartfish may use Personal Information for internal statistical, marketing or operational purposes, including generating sales reports, understanding platform, apps and solution status, measuring and understanding demographic, user interest, purchasing and other trends among our customers.
In addition, Dartfish may collect Personal information with the consent of customers and prospects for marketing purposes, for example through prize draws, contests or any other marketing related activities. The Personal Information collected at these occasions will be solely used for purpose indicated in the consent and is by no means connected to the Dartfish Customer Account, if existing.
Entities with Which Dartfish May Share Personal Information
With Other Dartfish subsidiaries
Dartfish is a global business. To offer our products, apps and services, we may need to transfer your Personal Information to other Dartfish subsidiaries in other countries. All Dartfish subsidiaries are required to follow the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement
With Service Providers
We use third party service providers to deliver certain activities on our behalf, such as processing credit card payments, storing files, providing support platforms or sending emails. We may share your Personal Information with such third-party service providers to the extent necessary for the sole purpose of enabling them to perform services on our behalf. Dartfish has ensured all its third-party are GDPR compliant
Here are examples of third-party service providers we use:
Email Providers: SendinBlue is used to assist Dartfish in sending emails, consistent with applicable laws and the choices you made. SendinBlue privacy policy is available
here
Support Platform: Freshworks solutions are used by Dartfish to manage support cases in an efficient way. Freshworks privacy policy is available
here
Credit Card processing: Datatrans is used by Dartfish to process credit card orders. Datatrans privacy policy is available
here
Data storage: Amazon Web Service (AWS) is used by Dartfish to store its data. AWS privacy policy is available
here
Customer Relationship Manager (CRM): Sales force is used as CRM by Dartfish. Salesforce privacy policy is available
here
Other Disclosures
Subject to applicable laws in your jurisdiction, we may also disclose Personal Information about you to others as we believe to be necessary or appropriate:
to comply with legal process
to respond to requests from public authorities and law enforcement officials, including officials outside your country of residence
to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies
to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates and subsidiaries
to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Dartfish, its subsidiaries, you or others; or
to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Retention of Personal Information
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your Personal Information has been collected as outlined in this Privacy Statement unless a longer retention period is required by law.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction. Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer Personal Information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
Dartfish takes reasonable steps to help ensure that the Personal Information we collect from you is accurate, complete and current. In case you need or wish to access, update or modify your Personal Information, you can do so in the “Account settings” section of your Dartfish Account.
An account can be deleted by the account owner (and only by the account owner) at any point in time. In this case, all Personal Information directly linked to this account will be deleted, but the account owner will also lose access to all Dartfish products and services assigned to the deleted account.
Personal Information which is not accessible through the Dartfish Account, such as for example support cases or purchased product history can be deleted by sending an email to
legal@dartfish.com
Dartfish may decline to process requests that jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or would cause us to take any action that is not permissible under applicable laws. Additionally, as permitted by applicable laws, we may need to retain certain Personal Information for a longer period of time for recordkeeping purposes, such as retaining records relating to your purchases for accounting purposes.
Policy with Respect to Children
Dartfish is concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental or legal guardian consent. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has signed up without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files.
When a school signs up for a large number of solutions from Dartfish and requests students to create an account, the school is responsible for creating and monitoring those student accounts. Use of Dartfish by the school implies that it is acting as a proxy for parental consent and agrees to the Dartfish Privacy Policy as well as Terms and Conditions.
Privacy Statement Updates
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the update date at the top of this page. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by email or by posting notice of the changes on our websites or apps or solutions, consistent with applicable laws.
Consent
By using Dartfish platforms, websites, apps and solutions you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.