Focused Apps LLC Privacy Policy
Last updated May 1, 2022
Thank you for using apps by Focused Apps LLC. Here we describe our privacy policy. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our sites, our apps, and our services. This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our our mobile apps Emoji Me Sticker Designer, Dog Emoji Designer, Big Emoji Keyboard, Hit Tennis 3, Hit Tennis 2, etc; our websites including focusedapps.com; and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events. We refer to all our apps, websites, and other related services & communications as 'Services'.
If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at support@focusedapps.com.
Excluded from this privacy policy our apps made for children (eg 'Emoji Me Animated Faces for kids'). For those apps we have this separate
kids apps privacy policy
.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Emoji Me Sticker Maker and Dog Emoji Designer Specifics
When you use our apps Emoji Me Sticker Maker or Dog Emoji Designer we collect data about how you use these apps. For example we collect: statistics about how many times you run the app; what country your phone is set to; if you are an iphone or ipad user; how many stickers you customized. We then look at agregated data across thousands of customers learn how to make improvements. When we collect this data as you use the app, we do not know or record your personal information. Specifically we do not know or record your name, phone number, email, location, credit card, logins, passwords, or anything you type in while using these apps. When you make a purchase in these apps, the purchase is handled by Apple and we don't know or record your name or credit card information.
Personal information you disclose to us
If you voluntarily disclose personal information to us when using our services we will store that information. For example if you email us and provide your name and email address we will store those.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases directly from us, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions. For purchases made by In App Purchase using our iOS Apps the payment processor is Apple and in those cases we do not have any access to your credit card information.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information - such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics - is collected automatically when you use our services.
We automatically collect certain information when you use our Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, randomized identification numbers, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through randomized identification numbers, cookies and similar technologies.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications, and Facebook permissions when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's camera, photos, contacts, social media accounts and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address, the language you use and country that you have your device set to.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
In App Purchase Recipts. We may request from the platform operator (eg Apple) receipts for the In App Purchases you made within our Apps. Those receipts include information about what you purchased and when, but do not include your name, address, or credit card information.
Your Photos. Some of our Apps allow you to work with photos within the app. We may process and store those photos on our servers.
Your App Created Content. Some of our Apps allow you to create content within the app. We may process and store that content on our servers.
Information collected from other Sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (such as Facebook), as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information (your name, gender, birthday, email, current city, state and country, user identification numbers for your contacts, profile picture URL and any other information that you choose to make public); marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications [for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "Your Privacy Rights" below).
To send administrative information to you [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual]. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders [for Contractual reasons]. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through our Services.
To post testimonials [with your Consent]. We post testimonials on our Services that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at support@focusedapps.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Administer prize draws and competitions [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.
Request Feedback [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To protect our Services [for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons]. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enable user-to-user communications [with your consent]. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual].
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm [for Legal Reasons]. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Services, marketing and your experience.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Services over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our Services. These companies may use information about your use of our Services in conjunction with your use of other apps or website by using tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with our Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Services in perpetuity. [If you interact with other users of our Services and register through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.] Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
Offer Wall. Our Apps may display a third-party hosted "offer wall." Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave our mobile application. A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information.
DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
We do not use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our Services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Services may offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we may receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public. [If you login using Facebook, we may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission.]
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you in our Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in USA. If you are accessing our Sites from outside USA, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "Disclosure of Your Information" above), in USA and other countries.
WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our websites.
The Services may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). If you directly contact us eg via customer service email, we may keep that correspondence for a number of years. If you create an account within our Services, we will keep your information for as long as you keep the account, and up to 1 year after you terminate the account. Other information we collect about you will be kept for up to 1 year.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using our Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent's use of the Services If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at support@focusedapps.com
Excluded from this privacy policy our apps made for children (eg 'Emoji Me Animated Faces for kids'). For those apps we have this separate
kids apps privacy policy
.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, and you can ask us to delete your information.
If you want us to delete your information from our servers, please email us at support@focusedapps.com or use the privacy screen that may be provided in our App. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Check the options that are in some of our apps under Privacy.
Logging into your account settings and updating your account.
Contacting us.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features of our Services.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send. You will then be removed from the marketing email list - however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, email us support@focusedapps.com or by post to:
Focused Apps LLC
340 S Lemon Ave #3857
Walnut CA 91789
USA
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.focusedapps.com/kids-privacy-policy/index.html:
Kids Apps Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 13, 2018
This privacy policy is applicable to the apps published by Focused Apps LLC that are made for children, which includes 'Emoji Me Animated Faces Kids'. Excluded from this kids privacy policy our apps made for adults (which is most of our apps) and our website. For those we have this separate
privacy policy
.
What information do we collect?
None. We do not collect information from you when you use our children's mobile apps (“apps”).  Our children's apps do save information locally on the device and on Apple iCloud servers. Focused Apps does not access that information.
Submitted Media
We may use any media you submit to us (pictures, videos, etc) for promotional purposes. Children should not submit media to us, but teachers and parents can.
Do we use cookies or track user information?
Our children's apps do not use web cookies.
Do we disclose any information to other outside parties?
No.
Third party links
The only third party links in our children apps are links to the non-childrens version of the app in the App Store. Our email address and company website URL do appear in our children apps as plain text in case parents or teachers want to contact us using a separate email or browser.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.focusedapps.com/kids-privacy-policy/:
Kids Apps Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 13, 2018
This privacy policy is applicable to the apps published by Focused Apps LLC that are made for children, which includes 'Emoji Me Animated Faces Kids'. Excluded from this kids privacy policy our apps made for adults (which is most of our apps) and our website. For those we have this separate
privacy policy
.
What information do we collect?
None. We do not collect information from you when you use our children's mobile apps (“apps”).  Our children's apps do save information locally on the device and on Apple iCloud servers. Focused Apps does not access that information.
Submitted Media
We may use any media you submit to us (pictures, videos, etc) for promotional purposes. Children should not submit media to us, but teachers and parents can.
Do we use cookies or track user information?
Our children's apps do not use web cookies.
Do we disclose any information to other outside parties?
No.
Third party links
The only third party links in our children apps are links to the non-childrens version of the app in the App Store. Our email address and company website URL do appear in our children apps as plain text in case parents or teachers want to contact us using a separate email or browser.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.