General
Thank you for visiting our website.
Your privacy is important to us. We provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
History Today Ltd owns and operates
www.historytoday.com
. All the information you give will be treated as confidential and is stored in a secure server, with only authorised individuals approved by History Today Ltd having access.
Collection and use of your details
The types of information that may be collected via the registration and purchase transactions include: name, postal address, e-mail address and credit card information.
This information we gather will be used in transaction processes, to fulfil any other requests for our products, programs and services, and used to update you on any important changes to the website and its functionality.
We will only collect the information we will need to provide a service you have requested. This is particularly true of sensitive information, such as telephone numbers and credit card details. As a general rule, we don't collect customer telephone numbers.
To enable History Today Ltd. to improve our service to you we may occasionally ask for additional details with regard to competitions, other features and offers, and online surveys. These requests are entirely optional.
Change My Profile
You can change your profile details at any time by logging in, and then visiting
your profile
page. Click the 'Edit' tab and then underneath your username, enter your new details.
Confirm them, and then click 'save' at the bottom of the page.
Purchase transaction details
To complete purchase transactions History Today Ltd. will use credit or debit card details, and billing or delivery address information provided by you.
A security method called Secure Socket Layer (
SSL
), encrypts all ordering information so that no part of your order - including your name, address, and credit card number - can be read by a third party. Consequently, your credit card number is safer when you order online through SSL than when you make a credit card purchase in a restaurant or a store!
Details are passed directly to our merchant bank, RBS WorldPay (part of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group). The details are not recorded by our website hardware, or by staff. RBS WorldPay operate their own
privacy and data policy
.
‘Cookies’ Policy
A cookie is a very small text file, which is placed on the user's hard drive during a visit to our website. This file allows you, the website user, to move quickly and easily around our site.
For returning site users, cookies help us to remember what products you were thinking about buying previously. If you are a registrant or subscriber, cookies log you directly into our website. For libraries and universities, cookies help us to track how students and others use our site. Cookies also help us to show you relevant content and advertising.
The information we gather by use of cookies does not include personally identifying information.
If you do not want us to use cookies you should be able to configure your browser not to accept them. For information on how to manage your cookies please
click here
. Wikipedia has more
general information on cookies
.
Third-party partners
Third-party partners of
www.historytoday.com
and other websites you may link to via
www.historytoday.com
have different privacy policies and are not subject to the privacy policy of History Today Ltd.
Notable among these are our payment gateway, and other sites which host user-generated content related to our website:
WorldPay
(formerly RBS WorldPay) - payment gateway.
Facebook
- social media pages.
Twitter
- a microblogging platform.
We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each external website.
Access to Data
Under the latest Data Protection Acts you have the right to be told what personal information History Today Ltd holds on our databases.
If you are concerned about this, please write to us at:
Database Enquiries
c/o History Today
2nd Floor (North)
55 Goswell Road
London EC1V 7EN
United Kingdom
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted here. To send any comments or questions regarding this website or privacy policy please
Contact Us
.
Copyright
Copyright, database rights and other rights relating to all
www.historytoday.com
content is owned by History Today Ltd, unless otherwise stated.
No material appearing on
www.historytoday.com
may be reproduced, copied or transmitted on any other website or intranet without permission of
www.historytoday.com
.
Disclaimer
The name History Today, History Review, historytoday.com and all logos herein are trademarks of History Today Ltd. It is not permitted to reproduce these trademarks.
With regard to the quality, operation or functionality of
www.historytoday.com
, we reserve the right to restrict, interrupt or delay access.
The content appearing on the site is not guaranteed by History Today Ltd to be accurate, up-to-date, and complete or to be used for any particular purpose.
Within the law, History Today Ltd  disclaims all responsibility for any damages or losses arising in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or any content on
www.historytoday.com
. This also includes any actions or decision made as a result of using historytoday.com.
History Today Ltd. is not responsible for external links from this site and History Today Ltd. takes no responsibility, liability (or for negligence) in relation to this website’s content.
Protection Rights
The name History Today, History Review,
www.historytoday.com
, historytoday.com and all logos herein are trademarks of History Today Ltd. It is not permitted to reproduce these trademarks.