Privacy Policy
elGrocer PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: March, 2022
Thank you for using elGrocer!
We are committed to providing you the best online shopping and delivery experience possible, while protecting your privacy and confidentiality according to the terms below.
This Privacy Policy outlines how we respect and value the trust you put in elGrocer. This Policy applies regardless of how you access the elGrocer platform - whether this is via a mobile app or web interface.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide to us or allow others to provide to us
At various points in the elGrocer experience, you may provide us with information about yourself. For example, when you create an account with elGrocer, you provide us with personal information like your name, email address, and zip code. And if you place an order with elGrocer, we collect information including your address, phone number and the details of your order.
If you log into the elGrocer service through a third-party, we may receive some information about you through them. For example, if you choose to log into elGrocer with your Facebook account, we may receive information about your contacts. We may also offer social sharing tools (such as the Facebook Like button) that let you share actions on elGrocer with other sites and vice versa. You should check the privacy policies of these services and your settings there for more information.
Technical information about usage of elGrocer
When you use the elGrocer services, either through a browser or mobile app, we automatically receive some technical information about the hardware and software that is being used.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES:
We and our partners use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and device identifiers. Cookies are small text files that are sent by your computer when you access our services through a browser. We may use session cookies (which expire when you close your browser), persistent cookies (which expire when you choose to clear them from your browser), and other identifiers to collect information from your browser or device that helps us personalize your experience and remember things like your current zip code or that you have already logged in to elGrocer.
LOG INFORMATION:
When you use elGrocer, our servers will record information about your usage of the service and information that is sent by your browser or device. Logs information can include things like the IP address of your device, information about the browser, operating system and/or app you are using, unique device identifiers, pages that you navigate to and links that you click, searches that you run on elGrocer, and other ways you interact with the service. If you are logged into the elGrocer service, this information is stored with your account information. All credit/debit cards’ details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties. Merchant will not pass any debit/credit card details to third parties. Merchant takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, (
http://elgrocer.com
) cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
Some of the advertisements you see on the Site are selected and delivered by third parties, such as ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Site or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to your advertisements that are tailored to your interests. Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, the information these third parties may collect. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this privacy policy.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect for various purposes, including to:
Provide the elGrocer service to you and to improve the quality of the service we’re able to offer
Allow your Personal Grocer (which includes those that shop for and deliver the order on your behalf) to choose your items at a retailer site, deliver your items to you, and call or text you with any updates or problems
Charge you for the purchase and service costs through one or more payment processing partners
Offer you customized content (including advertising and promotions), such as prominently displaying items you purchase frequently.
Understand how users interact with our service as a whole in order to test new features and improve elGrocer for everyone
Provide customer service, respond to your communications and requests, and contact you about your use of elGrocer (Note: You can opt-out of receiving promotional communications from elGrocer by using the settings on the Account Info page)
WHAT WE SHARE
elGrocer is a platform that may connects users with Personal Grocers who shop for and deliver the goods that you want from retailers. In order to make this work, we need to share information about you and your order with the other parties who help enable the service. This includes, for example, the Personal Grocer(s) who pick and deliver your order.
We also share information under the following principles:
With your consent or at your direction We will share your information with entities outside of elGrocer when we have your consent to do so or it is done at your direction. For example:
If you enter loyalty card information from a particular retailer, we share that information with the retailer you chose along with your order so that information can update your loyalty card account.
If you invite friends to use elGrocer through our referral program elGrocer Friend, we will share some information with the friends you invite like your name and phone number.
For external processing We sometimes employ third parties outside of elGrocer to process information on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy and using other appropriate security and confidentiality measures
For legal purposes We share your information when we believe that the disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal process, or requests from law enforcement or regulatory authorities, (b) prevent, detect, or otherwise handle fraud, security, or technical issues, and (c) protect the safety, rights, or property of any person, the public, or elGrocer.
On a non-personal or aggregate basis, we share information with retailers and advertisers on both a non-personally identifying basis (including order and delivery details but not including credit card information) and an aggregate basis.
For business purposes We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company. We may also share your information between and among elGrocer, and its current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
GDPR COMPLIANCE
As per the recent changes in the EU’s Data Protection act, we extend the right to personal information management to all our users, not only EU citizens. You are free to refuse our request for your personal information at any time, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some or in some cases any elGrocer services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as a vote of trust of our practices around privacy and a continued acceptance of handling your personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us. You have the right to demand access to all your personal data available in our system and you also have the right to ask us to remove that data from our system at any time.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This policy may change from time to time and any revised Policy will be posted at this page, so we encourage you to review it regularly. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as a notice on our homepage or sending you a notification).
CONTACT INFORMATION
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY? CUSTOMER SERVICE INQUIRIES? YOU CAN CONTACT US AT:
info@elgrocer.com
Office Address:
Unit No: RET-R5-106 Detached Retail R5, Plot No: JLT-PH2-RET-R5, Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Dubai, UAE
Email Address:
support@elgrocer.com
Contact Number:
+971 555941066
سياسة الخصوصية لـ elGrocer
تم التحديث في: مارس 2022
شكرًا لاستخدامك elGrocer!
نحن ملتزمون بتقديم أفضل تجربة تسوق عبر الإنترنت وتوصيل ممكنة لك، مع حماية خصوصيتك وسرية معلوماتك وفقًا للشروط الواردة أدناه.
توضح سياسة الخصوصية هذه كيفية احترامنا وتقديرنا للثقة التي تضعها في elGrocer. تنطبق هذه السياسة بغض النظر عن كيفية وصولك إلى منصة elGrocer - سواء كان ذلك عبر تطبيق الهاتف المحمول أو واجهة الويب.
المعلومات التي نجمعها
المعلومات التي تقدمها لنا أو تسمح للآخرين بتقديمها لنا
في مر۱حل مختلفة من تجربة elGrocer، قد تقدم لنا معلومات عن نفسك. على سبيل المثال، عندما تقوم بإنشاء حساب مع elGrocer، فإنك تقدم لنا معلومات شخصية مثل اسمك، عنوان بريدك الإلكتروني، ورمزك البريدي. وإذا قمت بوضع طلب مع elGrocer، فإننا نجمع معلومات تشمل عنوانك، رقم هاتفك، وتفاصيل طلبك.
إذا قمت بتسجيل الدخول إلى خدمة elGrocer من خلال طرف ثالث، فقد نتلقى بعض المعلومات عنك منهم. على سبيل المثال، إذا اخترت تسجيل الدخول إلى elGrocer باستخدام حسابك على فيسبوك، فقد نتلقى معلومات عن جهات الاتصال الخاصة بك. قد نقدم أيضًا أدوات للمشاركة الاجتماعية (مثل زر الإعجاب على فيسبوك) التي تتيح لك مشاركة الأنشطة على elGrocer مع مواقع أخرى والعكس بالعكس. يجب عليك التحقق من سياسات الخصوصية لهذه الخدمات وإعداداتها للحصول على مزيد من المعلومات.
المعلومات التقنية عن استخدام elGrocer
عند استخدامك لخدمات elGrocer، سواء عبر متصفح أو تطبيق موبايل، فإننا نتلقى تلقائيًا بعض المعلومات التقنية عن الأجهزة والبرمجيات المستخدمة.
الكوكيز والتقنيات الأخرى للتتبع:
نحن وشركاؤنا نستخدم تقنيات مختلفة لجمع المعلومات، بما في ذلك الكوكيز ومعرفات الأجهزة. الكوكيز هي ملفات نصية صغيرة يتم إرسالها من جهاز الكمبيوتر الخاص بك عند الوصول إلى خدماتنا عبر المتصفح. قد نستخدم الكوكيز المؤقتة (التي تنتهي صلاحيتها عند إغلاق المتصفح) والكوكيز الدائمة (التي تنتهي صلاحيتها عند اختيارك مسحها من المتصفح) ومعرفات أخرى لجمع المعلومات من متصفحك أو جهازك تساعدنا في تخصيص تجربتك وتذكر أشياء مثل الرمز البريدي الحالي أو أنك قد قمت بتسجيل الدخول بالفعل إلى elGrocer.
معلومات السجل:
عند استخدامك لـ elGrocer، تقوم خوادم البيانات لدينا بتسجيل معلومات حول استخدامك للخدمة والمعلومات التي يرسلها متصفحك أو جهازك. قد تشمل معلومات السجل عنوان IP لجهازك، معلومات عن المتصفح أو نظام التشغيل و/أو التطبيق الذي تستخدمه، معرفات الجهاز الفريدة، الصفحات التي تتنقل إليها، الروابط التي تنقر عليها، عمليات البحث التي تقوم بها في elGrocer، وطرق أخرى تتفاعل بها مع الخدمة. إذا كنت مسجلاً في خدمة elGrocer، يتم تخزين هذه المعلومات مع معلومات حسابك. لن يتم تخزين أو بيع أو مشاركة أو تأجير أو تأجير تفاصيل بطاقات الائتمان/الخصم أو أي معلومات تعريفية شخصية إلى أي طرف ثالث. لن يقوم التاجر بتمرير تفاصيل بطاقة الائتمان/الخصم إلى أطراف ثالثة. يتخذ التاجر خطوات مناسبة لضمان خصوصية البيانات وأمنها بما في ذلك من خلال تقنيات الأجهزة والبرمجيات المختلفة. ومع ذلك، لا يمكن لـ (
http://elgrocer.com
) ضمان أمان أي معلومات يتم الإفصاح عنها عبر الإنترنت.
بعض الإعلانات التي تراها على الموقع يتم اختيارها وتوصيلها من قبل أطراف ثالثة، مثل شبكات الإعلان ووكالات الإعلان والمعلنين ومزودي القطاعات الإعلانية. قد تقوم هذه الأطراف بجمع معلومات عنك وعن أنشطتك عبر الإنترنت، سواء على الموقع أو على مواقع أخرى، من خلال الكوكيز، وإشارات الويب، وتقنيات أخرى بهدف فهم اهتماماتك وتقديم إعلانات مخصصة لك. يرجى تذكر أننا لا نمتلك الوصول إلى، أو التحكم في، المعلومات التي قد تجمعها هذه الأطراف الثالثة. ممارسات المعلومات الخاصة بهذه الأطراف غير مغطاة من قبل سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
كيفية استخدامنا لمعلوماتك
قد نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها لأغراض مختلفة، بما في ذلك:
تقديم خدمة elGrocer لك وتحسين جودة الخدمة التي نقدمها لك
السماح لمتسوقك الشخصي (والذي يشمل الأشخاص الذين يتسوقون لك ويوصلون الطلب نيابة عنك) باختيار العناصر في موقع التاجر، وتوصيل العناصر إليك، والاتصال أو إرسال رسالة نصية لك بشأن أي تحديثات أو مشكلات
تحصيل المبالغ المستحقة لك مقابل الشراء وتكاليف الخدمة من خلال واحد أو أكثر من شركاء معالجة الدفع
عرض محتوى مخصص لك (بما في ذلك الإعلانات والعروض الترويجية)، مثل عرض العناصر التي تشتريها بشكل متكرر بشكل بارز.
فهم كيفية تفاعل المستخدمين مع خدمتنا ككل من أجل اختبار ميزات جديدة وتحسين elGrocer للجميع
تقديم خدمة العملاء، والرد على اتصالاتك وطلبك، والتواصل معك بشأن استخدامك لـ elGrocer (ملاحظة: يمكنك اختيار إيقاف تلقي الرسائل الترويجية من elGrocer من خلال إعدادات صفحة معلومات الحساب)
ما نشاركه
elGrocer هي منصة قد تربط المستخدمين مع متسوقين شخصيين يتسوقون ويقومون بتوصيل السلع التي تريدها من تجار التجزئة. من أجل جعل هذا العمل، نحتاج إلى مشاركة المعلومات عنك وعن طلبك مع الأطراف الأخرى التي تساعد في تمكين الخدمة. يشمل ذلك، على سبيل المثال، المتسوقين الشخصيين الذين يختارون ويوصلون طلبك.
نحن أيضًا نشارك المعلومات وفقًا للمبادئ التالية:
بموافقتك أو بتوجيهك: سنشارك معلوماتك مع كيانات خارج elGrocer عندما نحصل على موافقتك للقيام بذلك أو عندما يتم ذلك بتوجيهك. على سبيل المثال:
إذا قمت بإدخال معلومات بطاقة الولاء من تاجر معين، سنشارك تلك المعلومات مع التاجر الذي اخترته مع طلبك لكي يتم تحديث حسابك لبطاقة الولاء.
إذا قمت بدعوة أصدقاء لاستخدام elGrocer من خلال برنامج الإحالة "elGrocer Friend"، سنشارك بعض المعلومات مع الأصدقاء الذين تدعوهم مثل اسمك ورقم هاتفك.
لأغراض المعالجة الخارجية: في بعض الأحيان نستخدم أطراف ثالثة خارج elGrocer لمعالجة المعلومات نيابة عنا وفقًا لهذه السياسة وباستخدام تدابير الأمان والسرية المناسبة.
لأغراض قانونية: نشارك معلوماتك عندما نعتقد أن الإفشاء أمر ضروري بشكل معقول (أ) للامتثال للقوانين أو الأنظمة المعمول بها أو العمليات القانونية أو الطلبات من السلطات القضائية أو التنظيمية، (ب) لمنع أو اكتشاف أو التعامل مع الاحتيال أو المشكلات الأمنية أو التقنية، و(ج) لحماية سلامة أو حقوق أو ممتلكات أي شخص أو العامة أو elGrocer.
على أساس غير شخصي أو على أساس تجميعي، نشارك المعلومات مع تجار التجزئة والمعلنين على أساس غير معرفي شخصيًا (بما في ذلك تفاصيل الطلب والتسليم ولكن دون تضمين معلومات بطاقة الائتمان) وعلى أساس تجميعي.
لأغراض تجارية: قد نشارك معلوماتك فيما يتعلق أو أثناء مفاوضات أي دمج أو بيع لأصول الشركة أو تمويل أو استحواذ على كامل أعمالنا أو جزء منها من قبل شركة أخرى. قد نشارك أيضًا معلوماتك ما بين elGrocer، والشركات الأم الحالية والمستقبلية، والشركات التابعة، والشركات الأخرى الخاضعة للسيطرة المشتركة أو الملكية.
الامتثال للائحة العامة لحماية البيانات (GDPR)
وفقًا للتعديلات الأخيرة في قانون حماية البيانات في الاتحاد الأوروبي، فإننا نمنح حق إدارة المعلومات الشخصية لجميع مستخدمينا، وليس فقط مواطني الاتحاد الأوروبي. يمكنك رفض طلبنا لمعلوماتك الشخصية في أي وقت، مع العلم أننا قد لا نتمكن من تقديم بعض أو في بعض الحالات أي من خدمات elGrocer لك.
يعتبر استمرارك في استخدام موقعنا على أنه تصويت بالثقة في ممارساتنا حول الخصوصية وقبول مستمر لمعالجة معلوماتك الشخصية. إذا كان لديك أي أسئلة حول كيفية تعاملنا مع بيانات المستخدم والمعلومات الشخصية، لا تتردد في الاتصال بنا. لديك الحق في طلب الوصول إلى جميع بياناتك الشخصية المتاحة في نظامنا ولديك أيضًا الحق في طلب إزالة تلك البيانات من نظامنا في أي وقت.
التغييرات على هذه السياسة
قد تتغير هذه السياسة من وقت لآخر، وسيتم نشر السياسة المعدلة على هذه الصفحة، لذا نشجعك على مراجعتها بانتظام. إذا أجرينا تغييرات، فسنقوم بإعلامك عن طريق تعديل التاريخ في أعلى هذه السياسة وفي بعض الحالات قد نقدم لك إشعارًا إضافيًا (مثل إشعار على صفحتنا الرئيسية أو إرسال إشعار إليك).
معلومات الاتصال
هل لديك أسئلة أو تعليقات حول سياسة الخصوصية الخاصة بنا؟ استفسارات خدمة العملاء؟ يمكنك الاتصال بنا على:
info@elgrocer.com
عنوان المكتب:
وحدة رقم: RET-R5-106، التجزئة المنفصلة R5، القطعة رقم: JLT-PH2-RET-R5، أبراج بحيرات الجميرا، دبي، الإمارات العربية المتحدة
عنوان البريد الإلكتروني:
support@elgrocer.com
رقم الاتصال:
+971 555941066
For SEO
For SEO
For SEO
For SEO