Home
Investing across borders
Explore the financial products and services made available by BTG Pactual US
Investments for Individuals
BTG Pactual US is committed to offering a diverse range of products and services, allowing our clients to invest in assets that suit their objectives, profile and stage of life.
International Investment Account
In just a few minutes, you can open an International Investment Account at BTG Pactual US and gain access to various assets to create a complete portfolio, including companies operating in the United States and other major economies.
Learn more
Personal Investments
We offer customized service, with expert staff available in both Miami and New York to guide you in building and maintaining your assets.
Learn more
Global Earlybird highlights
See more
03/10/2025
02/28/2025
02/26/2025
02/25/2025
Please note that the video content on this page is currently only available in Portuguese.
Analysis
Reports
News
Explore the investment content platform created for BTG Pactual US clients
Stay informed about the key movements in the US financial market and access essential content to make sound investment decisions.
Visit BTG Content US
Institutional Clients
We support companies, financial institutions, investment funds and governments, offering sophisticated and customized financial advice and services.
Sales & Trading
Execute your investment strategies through the Fixed Income, Equities and Derivatives trading desks at BTG Pactual US and take advantage of our presence in the United States to pursue international strategies.
Mergers & Acquisitions
You can rely on the advice of BTG Pactual US on M&A deals in global markets. Present in the United States and with recognized expertise in Latin America, we are available to advise you on transactions worldwide.
Equity Capital Markets
Our team advises companies, governments and financial sponsors on all types of equity transactions, such as IPOs, follow-ons, block trades, private placements and other structured deals, providing advice and ongoing support throughout the company’s life cycle.
Debt Capital Markets
BTG Pactual's international debt markets team deals with the origination and structuring of public and private debt securities issues. We have extensive experience and a global distribution platform, which allows us to provide capital solutions to corporate clients, banks and governments.
Why choose BTG Pactual?
Globalize your assets and invest across borders.
Technology
Invest abroad through our brokerage in the United States and rely on the technology of the Largest Investment Bank in Latin America.
Expertise
BTG Pactual has extensive experience in comprehending global scenarios and their impacts on major economies and markets.
Globalization
Diversify your assets with BTG Pactual US and invest in the largest and most sophisticated financial market.