Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Handling payments
RevenueCat
Personal Data: Application opens; device information
Location-based interactions
Geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Push notifications
Weather Gods may send push notifications to the User.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Scott Wilson-Billing
Weather Gods Ltd
9 High Street,
Wellington,
England,
TA21 8QT
Owner contact email:
support@weathergods.cloud
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Scott Wilson-Billing
Weather Gods Ltd
9 High Street,
Wellington,
England,
TA21 8QT
Owner contact email:
support@weathergods.cloud
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Weather Gods collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      geographic position; device information; Application opens.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Weather Gods.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Weather Gods is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Weather Gods to provide its services. In cases where Weather Gods specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Weather Gods or by the owners of third-party services used by Weather Gods serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Weather Gods.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Weather Gods (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Location-based interactions and Handling payments.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, Weather Gods processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers.   Weather Gods isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
RevenueCat (RevenueCat, Inc.)
RevenueCat is a payment service provided by RevenueCat, Inc. The service allows the Owner to monitor and analyze the User and their purchase history and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; device information.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (Weather Gods)
Weather Gods may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by Weather Gods.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Push notifications
Weather Gods may send push notifications to the User.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Weather Gods or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Weather Gods may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, Weather Gods and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Weather Gods (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Weather Gods and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through Weather Gods (or third-party services employed in Weather Gods), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Weather Gods, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using Weather Gods who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Weather Gods. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Weather Gods.
Weather Gods (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by Weather Gods as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to Weather Gods, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 1
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3114907 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.