4 for £10 on A5 Cards
The UK’s 1st marketplace for thousands of independent creators
Order before 6pm for same day dispatch (Mon-Fri excl bank holidays)
Privacy Policy
Legal
Terms of Use
Competition Terms
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Thortful Limited ('we', 'our', 'us' or 'Thortful') is committed to protecting the privacy of all users ('you',
  'users', 'individuals', 'customers') of our website thortful.com, or mobile applications (together, the 'Sites').
  Please read the following privacy policy that explains how we use and protect your information. We'll be the 'data
  controller' of the information you provide to us.
This policy was last updated on November 22nd 2024
1. Contact Details
If you have any queries or requests concerning this privacy policy or how we handle your data more generally, please
  get in touch with us using the following details.
By contacting our general customer services team at: talktous@thortful.com
By contacting our Data Protection Officer: dpo@thortful.com
2. How we collect your information
We collect your personal information when you interact with us or use our services, such as when you use our Sites to
  place an order. We also look at how users use our Sites, to help us improve our services and optimise customer
  experience. We collect information:
when you create an account with us or you change your account settings;
when you place an order with us and during the order process;
when your information is used by someone to send you a product via our services;
when you contact us directly via email, phone, post, message or via our chat function; and
when you browse and use our Sites (before and after you create an account with us).
We also collect
  information from third party sites, such as advertising platforms.
3. Information that we collect from you
When you make a thortful order through the Sites, you are asked to provide information about yourself including your
  name, contact details, delivery address, order details and payment information such as credit or debit card
  information.
We also collect information about your usage of the Sites and information about you when you contact us or provide
  us with feedback, including via email, letter, phone or our chat function. If you contact us by phone, we record the
  call for training and service improvement purposes, and make notes in relation to your call.
We collect technical information from your mobile device or computer, such as its operating system, the device and
  connection type and the IP address from which you are accessing our Sites.
We also collect information about your interactions with marketing content sent via thortful's advertising partners.
  This allows us to understand if you are interacting with or viewing this content, if this content leads to a
  purchase on the thortful Sites, or if you would like to unsubscribe from the content.
We may indirectly collect personal data via our customers in order to send products to non-customers (card recipients). In these situations, our customers are responsible for ensuring that they have the appropriate authority or consent to provide personal data for this purpose.
4. Use of your information
We will only process the data we collect about you if there is a reason for doing so, and if that reason is permitted
  under data protection law. We will have a lawful basis for processing your information:
if we need to process your information in order to provide you with the service you have requested or to enter
    into a contract;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests;
we have your consent;
or we are under a legal obligation to do so.
A. Where we need to in order to provide you with the service you have requested or to enter into a contract, we use
  your information:
to enable us to provide you with access to the relevant parts of the Sites;
to supply the services you have requested;
to enable us to collect payment from you;
to contact you where necessary concerning our services, such as to resolve issues you may have with your order;
    and
to enforce our contractual terms with you and any other agreement, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims
    and to protect the rights of Thortful, creators or others (including to prevent fraud).
B. Where it is necessary to do so for our own legitimate interests, we use your information:
to improve the effectiveness and quality of service that our customers can expect from us in the future;
to enable our customer support team to help you with any enquiries or complaints in the most efficient way
    possible;
to contact you for your views and feedback on our services and to notify you if there are any important changes or
    developments to the Sites or our services;
to analyse your activity on the Sites so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business and for
    statistical and analytical purposes and to help us to prevent fraud;
if you submit comments and feedback regarding the Sites and the services, we may use such comments and feedback on
    the Sites and in any marketing or advertising materials. We will only identify you for this purpose by your first
    name;
to send you direct marketing communications from thortful by email and Direct Mail.
C. Where we have your consent:
We will send you direct marketing by SMS, Web Push notifications, Mobile Push notifications and online about
    thortful products and services which we think may be of interest to you.
This will only be sent where you have given your consent to thortful during the online sign-up process,
        via your online account on the website, through the SMS opt in journey via the mobile site, via a pop-up
        on your browser or mobile app, or verbally or in writing when communicating with our customer happiness
        team, or (where permissible) you have been given an opportunity to opt out.
You will be able to opt-out of electronic direct marketing for each of the channels listed above, by
        clicking the unsubscribe link contained in the email, following the instructions in the SMS, Web Push or
        Push notification itself and, in all other cases, by contacting us on the contact details provided
        below. If you have provided consent to web push notifications on our website, you can withdraw your
        consent to this via your browser settings.
Opting out of electronic direct marketing via each marketing channel applies to this channel only and
        does not represent a global opt-out, for example opting out of SMS communications does not represent an
        opt-out from receiving emails.
We tailor content that we or advertising partners display to you, for example so that we can show you cards
        you may like or make sure you see the advertising which is most relevant to you, based on characteristics
        determined by us.
D. Where we are under a legal obligation to do so we may use your information to:
create a record of your order(s);
comply with any legal obligation or regulatory requirement to which we are subject.
5. Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.
  If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may become inaccessible or not function
  properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie
    Policy
6. Children's Privacy
Our website and services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect
  personal data from children under that age or generally. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us
  with personal data, we will take appropriate steps to delete it. If you do become aware that a child has provided us
  with personal data, please contact us immediately at the address above.
7. Retention of your information
We will not retain your information for any longer than we think is necessary.
Information that we collect will be retained for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in the ‘Use of my
  information’ section above, in line with our legitimate interest or for a period specifically required by applicable
  regulations or laws, such as retaining the information for regulatory reporting purposes.
When determining the relevant retention periods, we will take into account factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
(potential) disputes; and
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
8. Disclosure of your information
The information we collect about you will be transferred to and stored on our servers located within the EU. We are
  very careful and transparent about who else your information is shared with.
Sharing your information with third parties
We share your information with third party service providers. The types of third party service providers whom we
  share your information with include:
Payment providers: for the purposes of providing services to us, for example when they process information such
    as credit card payments for us, provide support services to you or carry out fraud checks for us;
IT service providers (including cloud providers): for the purposes of data storage and analysis;
Printing & fullfilment partners: for the purpose of creating the product you have ordered from us and packaging
    it, resolving issues, or improving their services;
Royal Mail and their international partners: for the purpose of delivering your order to its recipient;
Customer support system providers: who will help us to track the communications you have with us; and
Marketing and advertising partners: so that they can ensure that you see advertising which is more relevant to
    you and send you direct marketing on our behalf.
Thortful will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with
  this privacy policy when it is transferred to third parties.
If our business enters into a joint venture with, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity,
  your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, our new business partners or owners or their
  advisors.
We may also share your information:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we
    are under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation or regulatory requirement. This includes exchanging
    information with other companies and other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and prevention;
in order to enforce our contractual terms with you and any other agreement;
to protect the rights of thortful, creators, or others, including to prevent fraud; and
with such third parties as we reasonably consider necessary in order to prevent crime, e.g. the police.
International transfers of data
In some cases the personal data we collect from you might be processed outside the European Economic Area ('EEA'),
  such as the United States. These countries may not have the same protections for your personal data as the EEA has.
  However, we are obliged to ensure that the personal data that is processed by us and our suppliers outside of the
  EEA is protected in the same ways as it would be if it was processed within the EEA. There are therefore certain
  safeguards in place when your details are processed outside of the EEA. We ensure a similar degree of protection is
  afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
your personal data is transferred to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection
    for personal data by the European Commission;
we use the EU approved Standard Contractual Clauses; and
where your personal data is transferred to third party providers based in the US, data may be transferred to
    them if they have self-certified under the Privacy Shield framework in relation to the type of data being
    transferred, which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the EU and the
    US.
Please contact us using the contact details above if you want further information on the countries to which personal
  data may be transferred and the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Our Services may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties, including (but not
  limited to) social media networks. Any information which you provide to third-party sites or services or via those
  third-party sites and services is provided directly to their operators and is subject to their policies, if any,
  governing privacy, security and the processing of personal data, even if accessed through Our Services. We are not
  responsible for the privacy, security and data processing practices and policies of third-party sites or services to
  which links or access are provided through Our Services, and we encourage you to learn about their privacy, security
  and data processing policies before providing them with information, even if you only intend to do so to access Our
  Services via a social login or otherwise.
9. Security
We adopt robust technologies and policies to ensure the personal information we hold about you is suitably protected.
We take steps to protect your information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss,
  destruction and damage.
Where you have chosen a password that allows you to access certain parts of the Sites, you are responsible for
  keeping this password confidential. We advise you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will take steps
  to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Sites; any
  transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security
  features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
10. Your Rights
Under data protection law, you may have a number of rights concerning the data we hold about you. If you wish to
  exercise any of these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the contact details set out above and
  we'll process your request within 1 month.
  For additional information on your rights please contact your data protection authority and see below.
The right to be informed about how we use your information and your rights.
The right of access to your information (if we’re processing it).
The right to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure. This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to
    request the deletion or removal of the information that we hold about you by contacting us.
The right to restrict processing. You have rights to 'block' or 'suppress' further use of your information. When
    processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but will not use it further.
The right to data portability. You have the right to obtain your personal information in an accessible and
    transferrable format so that you can re-use it for your own purposes across different service providers. This is not
    a general right however and there are exceptions.
The right to lodge a complaint. You have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your
    information with the national data protection authority.
The right to withdraw consent. If you have given your consent to anything we do with your information (i.e. we
    rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your information), you have the right to withdraw that consent at
    any time.
The right to object to processing. You have the right to object to certain types of processing, including
    processing for direct marketing and profiling. You can object by changing your marketing preferences or disabling
    cookies as set out above.
11. Faceswap cards (app only)
1. Information we collect and process:
**Uploaded Images:** When customers use the Faceswap Card Service, they may upload a photograph of a person. This image is temporarily processed by our third-party data processor solely for the purpose of creating the Faceswap effect. Customers who use this feature are required to only upload photographs they have permission to use.
Data Processor:
A third party provides the software to transform the uploaded image but does not store or retain any customer data. The uploaded images are processed on their platform and are only used to create the Faceswap effect on the greeting card.
Name of the creator:
We collect the name of the person creating the Faceswap card. This name is printed on the back of the card as part of the personalisation service.
2. Data Retention
Image Storage:
We store customer-uploaded images only if the image is used to produce a greeting card. This allows us to fulfil the order and ensure the quality of the final product. Once the card is produced, data retention policies apply in accordance with our standard order processing and retention policies.
3. Purpose and Use of Data
Purpose:
The uploaded images and transformed photos are used exclusively for creating personalised greeting cards at the customer’s request. These images are not used for any other purpose.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate,
  notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see if we have made any updates or changes to our privacy
  policy.