Dized Privacy Policy
Effective as of 5th of December 2022
Privacy Policy
Security
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Complaints
This is the Privacy Policy for Dized for end-users. It covers the website (
www.dized.com
), Dized App (web and smart device) and the Dized Portal. All are products of Playmore Games Inc. (creator of Dized). Please read this and the
Terms and Conditions
carefully.
1 Privacy Policy
In the Privacy Policy we will tell what information we gather, how we use it, who we distribute the information to and how we protect your rights and how this all benefits you. All this will help us make better suggestions and advertising, so it’ll be more relevant to you. This information will also help us make the Dized application better, improve the technical aspects and improve your experience with it.
As we’re still building Dized and its features, some of the aspects listed in this document might not be available yet, or are limited. As they are features that are coming, we think it’s fair to give you this information well beforehand so you can prepare accordingly.
We collect information and process personal data due to legitimate interest in making and improving the application and its content, and making sure that its advertising is more relevant to users. We gather this data in four categories:
1) Information that that you need to fill and have in your profile to use Dized as a registered user. This also includes the data we need to gather for support purposes.
The information we gather when you register include your name, email and username. When registering we will also gather your broad, non-specific location that is based on your IP address. We will also gather your relevant device information. We will use your email address and private information only to contact you directly and will not sell or give them forward to a third party. In case of support for the app or our services, we will also gather any of the aforementioned relevant data needed to solve the case and improve our services
.
2) The information that you can enter (detailed profile data) to help us provide additional features and improved experiences, such as advertising based on your interests and geographical location.
The following information we will only gather with your permission and you can revoke the right from your own profile settings. Any detailed behavior within the application, friends & connections and additional information you have entered in your profile will help us to target you with relevant content suggestions and advertising. (
So in short, if you like RPG’s and play them with your friends, you probably won’t be bothered with children’s game announcements).
When you agree to our Privacy Policy, you give us the right to collect the aforementioned information and use it for the purposes described. We will not sell or give this data forward to a third party.
The aforementioned data shall be kept as long as it’s relevant for the purposes mentioned in this privacy policy. If any data that we have gathered will become irrelevant it will be securely deleted, archived or asked to be updated by the user. You are allowed to review your personal data at any point and completely remove this data, your user profile and account from Dized (along with any content you might have on your account)
.
3) Non-private, non-personal and non-identifiable information on usage, such as statistics on content downloaded per region, as reasonably needed by Dized to improve the app and our services. We can also gather device properties, including unique device identifier (or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier / Device ID) and device software platform and firmware, to be used for example to deliver push notifications.
By using or interacting with Dized you are consenting to the collection, use, sharing and other processing of your non-private information and general behavior for statistics, push announcements and advertising-related purposes. (As per previous example, if 90 % of the user base enjoy playing RPGs – thus Dized is a great place to show RPG adverts.)
4) Through the Android Advertising ID
The Android advertising identifier is used for advertising and user analytics. The status of the “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting is verified on each access of the ID and you can opt out of them through your Android Settings, in which case we will not use the advertising identifier for creating user profile for advertising purposes or for targeting you with personalized advertising.
In case you’re a business, freelancer or a content creator using Dized Portal more broad information might be gathered (such as non-identifiable hardware or software specifics) to ensure the functionality of the product.
—
We will provide you with settings to allow you to choose which communications you receive from us, manage your public information, and set your sharing preferences.
If you sign up to Dized through a third party like Facebook or Google, we share some information with them and vice versa in order to enable your account. We reserve the right to share limited de-identified information about the usage of features and content in the application to our third-party partners.
If you make any purchases in the application, your credit or debit card information and other financial data that we need to process your payment with, may be collected and stored by us (with your permission) or the payment processors we work with.
If we arrange any competitions or sweepstakes they might fall under a different Privacy Policy and it will be displayed to you when entering such competitions.
These policies are subject to change as we update and upgrade the application.
BY ACCEPTING THE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZE PLAYMORE GAMES TO USE AND SHARE WITH TRUSTED BUSINESS PARTNERS WHICH MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF THE COUNTRY OF YOUR RESIDENCE (INCLUDING COUNTRIES WHICH DO NOT PROVIDE THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA AS THE COUNTRY OF YOUR RESIDENCE), THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU TO PLAYMORE GAMES, EVEN IF SUCH INFORMATION IS COVERED BY LOCAL BANKING SECRECY LAWS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE IMPORTANCE OF SHARING SUCH INFORMATION FOR THE PROVISION OF THE DIZED SERVICE AND ALSO AGREE THAT, BY ACCEPTING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, WHERE APPLICABLE AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER SUCH BANK SECRECY LAWS WITH REGARD TO DIZED AND ANY TRUSTED BUSINESS PARTNERS WHICH MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE. THIS CONSENT IS GIVEN FOR THE DURATION OF YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH PLAYMORE GAMES
.
2 Security
We are committed to protecting our users’ information. Your password protects your user account, so you should use a unique and strong password, limit access to your device, and log out after having used the Dized. While we take data protection precautions, no security measures are completely secure, and we do not guarantee the security of user information. Data is intentionally stored in the EU, however, it is possible some data may be sent or received from the United States.
3 Changes to the Privacy Policy
We might, in our discretion, make changes to the Agreements and Privacy Policy. When we do, we will provide you a prominent notice within Dized or by sending you an email. In some cases, your continued usage of the application will serve as an acceptance of the changes. So please make sure to read any notices and changes carefully!
4 Complaints
If you have any complaints about this policy or any matters stated on it you can contact us (
Playmore Games
) and we can either make the necessary changes to it or find a common solution.
Playmore Games Inc.
Opastinsilta 8 E
00520
Helsinki / Finland
support@dized.com
VAT: FI26164257