Privacy Policy - Pro Tuner
Last updated: Feb 2, 2024
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the mobile application "Pro Tuner“, for Apple iPhone, iPad, iPod, iOS, iOS version 10.0 or later, created by Harmony Network Group Limited. This app provides the following service:• Real Time Pitch Detection by analysing music instruments' sound frequency•  Everywhere below in the text "We" is meant "Harmony Network Group Limited". We promise to protect your security, personal data and information regarding the meaning of this document.
2. Providing
You control it. This app only collects audio data from your device's microphone for pitch detection purpose, if you allow application access to your device's microphone. This app does NOT use this information for other purposes.This app does NOT collect or share this information, so your audio data is NOT sent to or saved on any servers.You can change this application's access to your microphone at any time - from Settings/Pro Tuner/ on your device.
3. Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
with Third Party Network
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application. To protect the anonymity of this information, We use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyse and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out rights” below.
5. Opt-out rights
Users of this app have the following opt-out option:You can stop all collection of information by uninstalling the app: You can easily stop collecting information from the app by uninstalling the app. You can use standard uninstalling processes that can be offered as part of your mobile device.Or you can change this application's access right at any time - from Settings/Sing Sharp/ on your device.
6. Can I change this security and discretionary document?
This security and privacy document supports and provides what happens to your personal information. But since we systematically update and revise this mobile app, it's possible to develop and change how we use your data. We will immediately inform you of any change, with a link to this Privacy Policy of your data on this site. We can modify this document and therefore inform you to go back to this page, giving you the opportunity to check the privacy of our mobile app "Pro Tuner".
7. Agreement
By using this mobile app, you agree to this privacy policy. You may exit this agreement by deleting this mobile app from your device at any time.
8. Contacts
If you have any questions, you can contact us through this email address:
info@singsharp.com
Collecting Data and Content
Delete