Terms of Service
Our Terms of Service were updated on December 18, 2018.
Industrias Royal Termic, S.L. and its subsidiaries and 
affiliates (collectively, “Rointe”) provides: (1) a Rointe user account 
website that may be accessed at www.rointeconnect.com (each a “Site”), 
(2) services accessible through the Sites (“Web Apps”), (3) software 
that may be downloaded to your smartphone or tablet to access services 
(“Mobile Apps”) and (4) subscription services, including services that 
can be accessed using the Web Apps and Mobile Apps (“Subscription 
Services”), all for use in conjunction with Rointe hardware products 
(“Products”) and in other ways that Rointe provides. The use and/or 
integration of Rointe products and/or Rointe services for services to 
third parties without the express consent of Rointe is strictly 
prohibited. The term “Services” means the Sites, Web Apps, Mobile Apps 
and Subscription Services.
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of 
the Services. These Terms give you specific legal rights, and you may 
also have other legal rights in addition, which vary from jurisdiction 
to jurisdiction. The disclaimers, exclusions, and limitations of 
liability under these Terms will not apply to the extent prohibited by 
applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied
 warranties or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or 
consequential damages or other rights, so those provisions of these 
Terms may not apply to you.
THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY ACCESSING AND USING THE SERVICES 
(INCLUDING THE SITES), YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND AGREEING TO THESE TERMS ON 
BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR THE ENTITY YOU REPRESENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
ACCESS. YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, 
AND CAPACITY TO ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR
 THE ENTITY YOU REPRESENT. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE OF SUFFICIENT 
LEGAL AGE IN YOUR JURISDICTION OR RESIDENCE TO USE OR ACCESS THE 
SERVICES AND TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY 
OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD DISCONNECT YOUR PRODUCTS 
FROM YOUR ACCOUNT (AS DESCRIBED BELOW) AND CEASE ACCESSING OR USING THE 
SERVICES.
AS DESCRIBED BELOW, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO AUTOMATIC SOFTWARE 
UPDATE OF THE SERVICES AND OF THE PRODUCTS CONNECTED TO THE SERVICES. IF
 YOU DO NOT AGREE, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SERVICES.
AS DESCRIBED BELOW, SECTIONS 4 AND 5 DESCRIBE IMPORTANT 
LIMITATIONS OF THE SERVICES, ESPECIALLY IN CONNECTION WITH LIFE SAFETY 
AND CRITICAL USES. PLEASE READ THESE DISCLOSURES CAREFULLY, AS YOU ARE 
ACKNOWLEDGING THEM AND ACCEPTING THEM.
1. Overview, Eligibility, Customer Service, Term and Termination
(a) Overview and Relation to Other Agreements. These Terms govern 
your use of the Services. Your purchase of any Product is governed by 
the limited warranty provided with that Product (“Limited Warranty”) and
 may further be governed by the Terms & Conditions of Sale. The 
software embedded in the Product (and any updates thereto) (“Product 
Software”) is licensed and governed by the End User Licensing Agreement.
 Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional 
guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Services in 
connection with such features. All additional guidelines, terms, or 
rules, and theWebsite Privacy Policy ("Website Privacy Policy"), and the
 Privacy Statement(“Privacy Statement”), are incorporated by reference 
into these Terms and you are agreeing to accept and abide by them by 
using the Services.
(b) Eligibility. You may use the Services only if you can form a 
binding contract with Rointe, and only if you are in compliance with 
these Terms and all applicable local, state/provincial, national, and 
international laws, rules, and regulations. Any use or access to the 
Services by anyone under the age of 18 is strictly prohibited and is a 
violation of these Terms. The Services are not available to any users 
previously prohibited from using the Services by Rointe.
(c) Customer Service. If you have any questions or concerns 
regarding the Products, the Services, or these Terms, please contact 
Rointe.
(d) Term and Termination. These Terms will remain in full 
force and effect so long as you continue to access or use the Services, 
or until terminated in accordance with the provisions of these Terms. At
 any time, Rointe may (i) suspend or terminate your rights to access or 
use the Services, or (ii) terminate these Terms with respect to you if 
Rointe in good faith believes that you have used the Services in 
violation of these Terms, including any incorporated guidelines, terms 
or rules. If you transfer a Product to a new owner, your right to use 
the Services with respect to that Product automatically terminates, and 
the new owner will have no right to use the Product or Services under 
your Account (as described below) and will need to register for a 
separate Account with Rointe.
(e) Effect of Termination. Upon termination of these Terms, 
your Account and your right to use the Services will automatically 
terminate.
2. Accounts
To use the Services, you must register for a user account 
(“Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted 
by the applicable registration form. You represent and warrant that:
(a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate;
(b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and
(c)
 your use of the Services does not violate any United Kingdom (U.K), 
Èire, France, Spain, Portugal or other applicable law or regulation 
(e.g., you are not located in an embargoed country or are not listed as a
 prohibited or restricted party under applicable export control laws and
 regulations). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the 
confidentiality of your Account login information and for all activities
 that occur under your Account. You agree to use “strong” passwords 
(passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, 
numbers and symbols) with your Account, and to maintain your password 
securely to prevent others from gaining access without your permission. 
You agree to immediately notify Rointe of any unauthorized use, or 
suspected unauthorized use, of your Account or any other breach of 
security. Rointe is not liable for any loss or damage arising from your 
failure to comply with the above requirements.
3. Access to Services
(a) Access and Use. Subject to these Terms, Rointe grants you a 
non-transferable, non-exclusive, right (without the right to sublicense)
 to access and use the Services by (i) using the Web Apps in connection 
with, and solely for the purpose of, controlling and monitoring the 
Products installed on your property or otherwise accessing a service 
explicitly provided by Rointe for your use (the “Permitted Purpose”), 
and (ii) installing and using the Mobile Apps solely on your own 
handheld mobile device (e.g., iPhone, iPad, or Android smartphone) and 
solely for the Permitted Purpose, and (iii) if separately authorized, 
access the Rointe Service through an authorized Rointe account and the 
interface provided by Rointe.
(b) Automatic Software Updates. Rointe may from time to time
 develop patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications 
to improve the performance of the Services and/or the Product Software 
(“Updates”). These may be automatically installed without providing any 
additional notice or receiving any additional consent. You consent to 
this automatic update. If you do not want such Updates, your remedy is 
to terminate your Account and stop using the Services and the Product. 
If you do not terminate a previously created Account, you will receive 
Updates automatically. You acknowledge that you may be required to 
install Updates to use the Services and the Product and you agree to 
promptly install any Updates Rointe provides. Your continued use of the 
Services and the Product is your agreement – (i) to these Terms with 
respect to the Services, and (ii) to the End User License Agreement with
 respect to updated Product Software.
(c) Interface to Third Party Products and Services. Over 
time, Rointe may provide the opportunity for you to interface the 
Products and Services to one or more third party products and services, 
through and using the Services, for example through the Works with 
Rointe platform (“Third Party Products and Services”). You decide 
whether and with which Third Party Products and Services you want to 
interface. Your explicit consent and authorization is required for this 
interface, and is revocable by you at any time. Once your consent is 
given for a particular Third Party Product and Service, you agree that 
Rointe may exchange information and control data regarding you and your 
products, including your personal information, in order to enable the 
interface you have authorized. Once this information is shared with the 
particular Third Party Product and Service, its use will be governed by 
the third party's privacy policy and not by Rointe's privacy 
documentation. You acknowledge and agree that Rointe makes no 
representation or warranty about the safety of any Third Party Products 
or Services. Accordingly, Rointe is not responsible for your use of any 
Third Party Product or Service or any personal injury, death, property 
damage (including, without limitation, to your home), or other harm or 
losses arising from or relating to your use of any Third Party Products 
or Services. You should contact the third party with any questions about
 their Third Party Products and Services.
(d) Certain materials may be displayed or performed on the 
Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, 
photographs, video, images, and illustrations (“Content”). The Content 
also includes information that you and other users provide us in the 
course of using the Services (collectively, “User Submissions”), which 
we may use to provide, maintain and improve the Services. Some content 
may be visible to others (for example, the Service allows you to upload,
 post, or otherwise share video content). You may also post feedback, 
comments, questions, or other information on the Sites. You are solely 
responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or 
otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Services, or 
that you contribute in any manner to the Services; you represent and 
warrant that you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in 
which you contribute it; and you license to Rointe all patent, 
trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to
 such Content for publication on the Service pursuant to these Terms. 
You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, 
and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services,
 and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, 
broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell
 or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third 
party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) 
without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and 
(ii) in any way that violates any third party right. Rointe reserves the
 right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any 
reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or 
allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content 
or if we are concerned that you may have breached the immediately 
preceding sentence), or for no reason at all.
(e) Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in these
 Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (i) you agree not to 
license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or 
otherwise commercially exploit the Services; (ii) you agree not to 
modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile, or 
reverse engineer any part of the Services; (iii) you agree not to access
 the Services in order to build a similar or competitive service; (iv) 
except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services may be 
copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, 
posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means; (v) you agree not to
 upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any 
software intended to damage or alter a computer or communication 
network, computer, handheld mobile device, data, the Services, the 
Product, the Product Software, or any other system, device or property; 
(vi) you agree not to interfere with, disrupt, or attempt to gain 
unauthorized access to, the servers or networks connected to the 
Services or violate the regulations, policies, or procedures of such 
networks; (vii) you agree not to access (or attempt to access) any of 
the Services by means other than through the interface that is provided 
by Rointe; and (viii) you agree not to remove, obscure or alter any 
proprietary rights notices (including copyrights and trademark notices) 
which may be contained in or displayed in connection with the Services. 
Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the 
Services shall be subject to these Terms.
(f) Open Source. Certain items of independent, third party 
code may be included in the Web Apps and/or Mobile Apps that are subject
 to the GNU General Public License (“GPL”) or other open source licenses
 (“Open Source Software”). The Open Source Software is licensed under 
the terms of the license that accompanies such Open Source Software. 
Nothing in these Terms limits your rights under, or grants you rights 
that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable end user 
license for such Open Source Software. In particular, nothing in these 
Terms restricts your right to copy, modify, and distribute such Open 
Source Software that is subject to the terms of the GPL.
(g) Privacy Statement. Please review the Privacy Statement. 
The Privacy Statement describes practices regarding the information that
 Rointe may collect from users of the Products and Services, including 
any Content or User Submissions.
(h) Security. Rointe cares about the integrity and security 
of your personal information. However, Rointe cannot guarantee that 
unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security 
measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You 
acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
(i) Modification. Rointe reserves the right, at any time, to
 modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services or any part thereof with 
or without notice. You agree that Rointe will not be liable to you or to
 any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of 
the Services or any part thereof.
(j) Access Outside Certain Countries. Although the Sites are
 accessible worldwide, the Products and Services provided or accessed 
through or on the Sites are not available to all persons or in all 
countries. If you choose to access the Sites from outside a country in 
which Rointe supports the Product and Services listed here: United 
Kingdom (U.K), Èire, France, Spain, Portugal; you do so on your own 
initiative and you are solely responsible for complying with applicable 
local laws in your country. You understand and accept that the Sites are
 not designed for use in a non-Target Country and some or all of the 
features of the Sites may not work or be appropriate for use in such a 
country. To the extent permissible by law, Rointe accepts no 
responsibility or liability for any damage or loss caused by your 
accessing or use of the Sites or Rointe Products in a non-Target 
Country. You will be bound by these Terms wherever you access or use the
 Sites or use the Services.
4. Agreed Usage and Limitations Of Rointe Services
(a) Intended Use of Rointe Services. The Services are intended to be
 accessed and used for non-time-critical information and control of 
Rointe products. While we aim for the Services to be highly reliable and
 available, they are not intended to be reliable or available 100% of 
the time. The Services are subject to sporadic interruptions and 
failures for a variety of reasons beyond Rointe’s control, including 
Wi-Fi intermittency, service provider uptime, mobile notifications and 
carriers, among others. You acknowledge these limitations and agree that
 Rointe is not responsible for any damages allegedly caused by the 
failure or delay of the Services to reflect current status or 
notifications.
(b) No Life-Safety or Critical Uses of the Services. You 
acknowledge and agree that the Products and Services, whether standing 
alone or when interfaced with third-party products or services are not 
certified for emergency response. Rointe makes no warranty or 
representation that use of the Products or Services with any third-party
 product or service will affect or increase any level of safety.
(c)
 Reliability of Notifications. You acknowledge that the Services, 
including remote access and mobile notifications, are not intended to be
 100% reliable and 100% available. We cannot and do not guarantee that 
you will receive notifications in any given time or at all. YOU AGREE 
THAT YOU WILL NOT RELY ON THE SERVICES FOR ANY LIFE SAFETY OR CRITICAL 
PURPOSES. MOBILE NOTIFICATIONS REGARDING THE STATUS AND ALARMS ON YOUR 
ROINTE PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. The 
information provided by Rointe on what to do in an emergency is based on
 authoritative safety sources, but there is no way for Rointe to provide
 specific information relating to a situation in your home or elsewhere.
 You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to educate yourself on 
how to respond to an emergency and to respond according to the specifics
 of your situation.
(d) Temporary Suspension. The Services may be suspended 
temporarily without notice for security reasons, system failure, 
maintenance and repair, or other circumstances. You agree that you will 
not be entitled to any refund or rebate for such suspensions. Rointe 
does not offer any specific uptime guarantee for the Services.
(e) System Requirements. The Services will not be accessible
 without: (i) a working Wi-Fi network in your home that is positioned to
 communicate reliably with the Products; (ii) an Account; (iii) mobile 
clients such as a supported phone or tablet (required from some 
functionality); (iv) always-on broadband Internet access in your home; 
and (v) other system elements that may be specified by Rointe. It is 
your responsibility to ensure that you have all required system elements
 and that they are compatible and properly configured. You acknowledge 
that the Services may not work as described when the requirements and 
compatibility have not been met. In addition, you acknowledge that 
Rointe may activate Bluetooth on your smartphone or tablet, with or 
without prior notification, in order to facilitate proper operation of 
the Services, enable communication with Rointe Products connected to the
 same Rointe account, and enable certain features.
(f) Energy Savings and other Benefits. Unless explicitly 
promising a “guarantee,” Rointe does not guarantee or promise any 
specific level of energy savings or other monetary benefit from the use 
of the Products or Services or any feature of them. Actual energy 
savings and monetary benefits vary with factors beyond Rointe’s control 
or knowledge. From time to time, Rointe may use the Services to provide 
you with information that is unique to you and your energy usage and 
suggests an opportunity to save money on energy bills if you adopt 
suggestions or features of the Product or Services. We do this to 
highlight an opportunity based on our analysis and information about you
 and your household. You acknowledge that these promotions are not a 
guarantee of actual savings, and you agree not to seek monetary or other
 remedies from Rointe if your savings differ.
(g) The Services provide you information (“Product 
Information”) regarding the Products in your home and their connection 
with other products and services. All Product Information is provided 
“as is” and “as available”. We cannot guarantee that it is correct or up
 to date. In cases where it is critical, accessing Product Information 
through the Services is not a substitute for direct access of the 
information in the home.
(h) All information publicly posted or privately transmitted
 through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from 
which such Content originated and Rointe will not be liable for any 
errors or omissions in any Content. Rointe cannot guarantee the identity
 of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using 
the Services. Additionally, we cannot guarantee the authenticity of any 
data that users or merchants may provide about themselves. You 
acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Services is at 
your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss 
to any party resulting therefrom. We cannot control and have no duty to 
take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or 
what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the 
Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having 
acquired or not acquired Content through the Services.
(i) You warrant, represent and agree that you will not 
contribute any Content or otherwise use the Services in a manner that 
(i) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or 
proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of 
any third party; (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or 
regulation; (iii) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, 
abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or 
otherwise objectionable; (iv) impersonates any person or entity, 
including without limitation any employee or representative of Rointe; 
(v) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful 
computer code, file, or program; (vi) jeopardizes the security of your 
Rointe Account or anyone else’s Account (such as allowing someone else 
to log in to the Services as you; (vii) attempts, in any manner, to 
obtain the password, account, or other security information from any 
other user; (viii) violates the security of any computer network, or 
cracks any passwords or security encryption codes; (ix) runs Maillist, 
Listserv, or any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or 
any processes that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the 
Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ 
infrastructure); (x) copies or stores any significant portion of the 
Content; or (xi) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to
 obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or 
relating to the Services.
(j) Data protection and privacy laws where you live may 
impose certain responsibilities on you and your use of the Products and 
Services. You agree that you (and not Rointe) are responsible for 
ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws when you use the 
Products and Services, including but not limited to (i) any laws 
relating to the recording or sharing of video or audio content that 
includes third parties, or (ii) any laws requiring notice to or consent 
of third parties with respect to your use.
5. Limitations Of Rointe Services Due to Third Parties.
(a) General. Rointe Services rely on or interoperate with third 
party products and services. These third party products and services are
 beyond Rointe’s control, but their operation may impact or be impacted 
by the use and reliability of the Rointe Services. You acknowledge and 
agree that: (i) the use and availability of the Services is dependent on
 third party product vendors and service providers, (ii) these third 
party products and services may not operate in a reliable manner 100% of
 the time, and they may impact the way that the Rointe Services operate,
 and (iii) Rointe is not responsible for damages and losses due to the 
operation of these third party products and services.
(b) Third Party Service Providers Used By Rointe. You 
acknowledge that Rointe uses third party service providers to enable 
some aspects of the Services – such as, for example, data storage, 
synchronization, and communication through Amazon Web Services, and 
mobile device notifications through mobile operating system vendors and 
mobile carriers. YOU AGREE NOT TO RELY ON THE SERVICES FOR ANY LIFE 
SAFETY OR TIME-CRITICAL PURPOSES.
(c) Equipment, ISP, and Carrier. You acknowledge that the 
availability of the Services is dependent on (i) your computer, mobile 
device, home wiring, home Wi-Fi network, Bluetooth connection, and other
 related equipment (“Equipment”), (ii) your Internet service provider 
(“ISP”), and (iii) your mobile device carrier (“Carrier”). You 
acknowledge that you are responsible for all fees charged by your ISP 
and Carrier in connection with your use of the Services. You also 
acknowledge that you are responsible for compliance with all applicable 
agreements, terms of use/service, and other policies of your ISP and 
Carrier.
(d) Third Party Products and Services that Work With Rointe 
Services. Rointe may provide the opportunity for you to interface to 
Third Party Products and Services, for example through the Works with 
Rointe platform. Although the Works with Rointe platform is offered by 
Rointe, you acknowledge that Third Party Products and Services that you 
connect to your account or interface with are not Rointe products and 
services and you acknowledge and agree that Rointe does not control, and
 that these Terms do not apply to, any Third Party Products and 
Services. Use of any Third Party Products and Services is governed by 
separate terms and conditions provided by the operator(s) of the 
applicable Third Party Products and Services. You acknowledge and agree 
that Rointe makes no representation or warranty about the safety of any 
Third Party Products or Services. Accordingly, Rointe is not responsible
 for your use of any Third Party Product or Service or any personal 
injury, death, property damage (including, without limitation, to your 
home), or other harm or losses arising from or relating to your use of 
any Third Party Products or Services. You should contact the Third Party
 with any questions about their Products and Services.
(e) App Stores. You acknowledge and agree that the 
availability of the Mobile Apps is dependent on the third party websites
 from which you download the Mobile Apps, e.g., the App Store from Apple
 or the Android app market from Google (each an “App Store”). You 
acknowledge that these Terms are between you and Rointe and not with an 
App Store. Each App Store may have its own terms and conditions to which
 you must agree before downloading Mobile Apps from it. You agree to 
comply with, and your license to use the Mobile Apps is conditioned upon
 your compliance with, such App Store terms and conditions. To the 
extent such other terms and conditions from such App Store are less 
restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions 
of these Terms, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions
 in these Terms apply.
(f) Third Party Website Links and Referrals. The Sites may 
contain links to other web sites operated by third parties (“Third Party
 Sites”) and referrals to third party vendors (“Referred Vendors”). Such
 Third Party Sites and Referred Vendors are not under our control. 
Rointe provides these links and referrals only as a convenience and does
 not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any 
representations with respect to such Third Party Sites or Referred 
Vendors. Your use of these Third Party Sites is at your own risk.
(g) Release Regarding Third Parties. Rointe is not 
responsible for third parties or their products and services, including,
 without limitation, the App Stores, Third Party Products and Services, 
Third Party Sites, Referred Vendors, Equipment, ISPs, and Carriers. 
Rointe hereby disclaims and you hereby discharge, waive and release 
Rointe and its licensors and suppliers from any past, present, and 
future claims, liabilities, and damages, known or unknown, arising out 
of or relating to your interactions with such third parties and their 
products and services.
6. Ownership and Intellectual Property
(a) Rointe Property. You acknowledge that all intellectual property 
rights, including without limitation copyrights, patents, trademarks, 
and trade secrets, in the Product, Product Software, and Services (i.e.,
 the Sites, Web Apps, and Mobile Apps) are owned by Rointe or its 
affiliates or our licensors. Your possession, access, and use of the 
Product, Product Software, and Services do not transfer to you or any 
third party any rights, title, or interest in or to such intellectual 
property rights. Rointe and its affiliates and licensors and suppliers 
reserve all rights not granted in these Terms. The Services are licensed
 to you, not sold, under these Terms.
    You may only copy parts of the Services (including this Site) on to 
your own computer for your own personal use. You may not use the content
 of the Services in any other public or commercial way nor may you copy 
or incorporate any of the content of the Services into any other work, 
including your own web site without the written consent of Rointe. You 
must have a license from us before you can post or redistribute any 
portion of the Services. Other than with respect to User Submissions, 
Rointe retains full and complete title to all content on the Services, 
including any downloadable software and all data that accompanies it. 
You must not copy, modify or in any way reproduce or damage the 
structure or presentation of the Services or any content therein.
(b) Feedback. You may choose to, or Rointe may invite you to
 submit comments, suggestions, or ideas about the Products or Services, 
including how to improve the Products or Services (“Ideas”). By 
submitting any Ideas, you agree that your submissions are voluntary, 
gratuitous, unsolicited, and without restriction and will not place 
Rointe under any fiduciary or other obligation. Rointe may use, copy, 
modify, publish, or redistribute the submission and its contents for any
 purpose and in any way without any compensation to you. You also agree 
that Rointe does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas 
previously known to Rointe, developed by its employees, or obtained from
 other sources.
(c) User Submissions. You hereby grant us with a 
nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, 
sublicenseable and transferable right to access, display, or otherwise 
use your User Submissions (including all related intellectual property 
rights) solely in connection with providing you the Services and as 
directed by you. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the 
Services a non-exclusive license to access and use your User Submissions
 through the Services and as permitted through the functionality of the 
Services and under these Terms. Furthermore, you understand that we 
retain the right to reformat, modify, create derivative works of, 
excerpt, and translate any User Submissions submitted by you. For 
clarity, the foregoing license grant to Rointe does not affect your 
ownership of or right to grant additional licenses to the material in 
your User Submissions, unless otherwise agreed in writing.
7. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Rointe and its licensors and
 suppliers harmless from any damages, liabilities, claims or demands 
(including costs and attorneys’ fees) made by any third party due to or 
arising out of (i) your use of the Products or Services, (ii) your 
violation of these Terms, (iii) any User Submissions or Feedback you 
provide; or (iv) your violation of any law or the rights of any third 
party. Rointe reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the 
exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required 
to indemnify Rointe and you agree to cooperate with our defense of such 
claims. You agree not to settle any such claim without Rointe’s prior 
written consent. Rointe will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any
 such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
8. Warranty Disclaimers
(a) THE WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCT AND PRODUCT SOFTWARE ARE SET FORTH IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY AND THE EULA, RESPECTIVELY.
(b) THE SERVICES (I.E., THE SITES, WEB APPS AND MOBILE APPS)
 ARE PROVIDED FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND 
ROINTE AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES
 AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, ACCURACY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
(c) ROINTE AND OUR LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTY 
THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT THE SERVICES: (I) WILL MEET YOUR 
REQUIREMENTS; (II) WILL BE COMPATIBLE WITH YOUR HOME NETWORK, COMPUTER 
OR MOBILE DEVICE; (III) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, 
SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS; OR (IV) WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. NO 
ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM 
ROINTE OR THOUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY.
(d) ROINTE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A 
THIRD PARTY THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
CONNECTED THROUGH THE WORKS WITH ROINTE PLATFORM) OR ANY HYPERLINKED 
WEBSITE OR SERVICE, AND ROINTE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY 
MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF SUCH 
PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
(e) WHEN YOU INSTALL, SETUP OR USE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
LIKE THOSE PROVIDED BY ROINTE YOU ARE GIVEN THE OPPORTUNITY TO ALTER 
DEFAULTS OR CHOOSE PARTICULAR SETTINGS. THE CHOICES YOU MAKE CAN CAUSE 
DAMAGE OR LEAD TO NON-RECOMMENDED OPERATION OF YOUR CONNECTED EQUIPMENT 
OR SYSTEMS. YOU ASSUME ALL LIABILITY FOR SUCH DAMAGE WHEN YOU CHOOSE 
PARTICULAR SETTINGS OR SET OR ADJUST DEFAULTS.
(f) ROINTE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING ANY CONTENT 
CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES, AND ROINTE WILL NOT BE 
RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACCURACY, COPYRIGHT COMPLIANCE, LEGALITY 
OR DECENCY OF MATERIAL CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH THE SERVICES. 
ROINTE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING SUGGESTIONS OR 
RECOMMENDATIONS OF SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PURCHASED THROUGH THE
 SERVICES.
9. Limitation of Liability
Nothing in these Terms and in particular within this "Limitation of 
Liability" clause shall attempt to exclude liability that cannot be 
excluded under applicable law.
    TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN ADDITION TO 
THE ABOVE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS, IN NO EVENT WILL (A) ROINTE BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR INCIDENTAL 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS, ARISING 
FROM OR RELATING TO THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS, EVEN IF ROINTE KNEW OR
 SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND (B) ROINTE’S 
TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES AND 
THE PRODUCTS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE FEES 
ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO ROINTE OR ROINTE’S AUTHORIZED RESELLER FOR THE 
SERVICES OR THE PRODUCT AT ISSUE IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS (IF ANY). THIS 
LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE AND WILL NOT BE INCREASED BY THE EXISTENCE OF 
MORE THAN ONE INCIDENT OR CLAIM. ROINTE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY 
KIND OF ROINTE’S LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL 
ROINTE BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY
 KIND INCURRED IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF OR EXPOSURE TO ANY CONTENT 
POSTED, EMAILED, ACCESSED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA 
THE SERVICES.
10. Fees and Payment
Certain Services may be provided for a fee. You shall pay all 
applicable fees in connection with the Services selected by you in 
accordance with the Terms of Sale.
11. Disputes and Arbitration
(a) Contact Rointe First. If a dispute arises between you and 
Rointe, our goal is to learn about and address your concerns. You agree 
that you will notify Rointe about any dispute you have with Rointe 
regarding these Terms or our Products or Services by contacting Rointe.
(b) Binding Arbitration. You and Rointe agree, subject to 
clause 11 (Protection of Confidentiality and Intellectual Property 
Rights), to submit any claim, dispute, action, cause of action, issue, 
or request for relief arising out of or relating to these Terms or your 
use of the Services to binding arbitration rather than by filing any 
lawsuit in any forum other than set forth in this section. Further you 
agree arbitration is final and binding and subject to only very limited 
review by a court. You also waive your right to any form of appeal, 
review or recourse to any court or other judicial authority, insofar as 
such waiver may be validly made. This provision is intended to be 
interpreted broadly to encompass all disputes or claims arising out of 
or relating to your use of the Service. Subject to clause 11(c) 
(Protection of Confidentiality and Intellectual Property Rights), any 
dispute or claim made by you against us or us against you arising out of
 or relating to these Terms or your use of the Services (whether based 
in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal 
theory) will be resolved by binding arbitration except that you may take
 claims to small claims court if they qualify for hearing by such a 
court.
(c) Arbitration Procedures. You must first present any claim
 or dispute to us bycontacting Rointe to allow us an opportunity to 
resolve the dispute. You may request arbitration if your claim or 
dispute cannot be resolved within 60 days after presenting the claim or 
dispute to Rointe. Rointe may request arbitration against you at any 
time after it has notified you of a claim or dispute in accordance with 
clause 11(f) (Notifications). The place of any arbitration will be 
Murcia, Region of Murcia, Spain, and will be conducted in the Spanish 
language. Claims will be heard by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator 
may not award relief in excess of or contrary to what this agreement 
provides, order consolidation or arbitration on a class wide or 
representative basis, award punitive or consequential damages or any 
other damages aside from the prevailing party’s actual damages, or order
 injunctive or declaratory relief, except that the arbitrator may award 
on an individual basis damages required by statute and may order 
injunctive or declaratory relief pursuant to an applicable consumer 
protection statute. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither 
you, nor Rointe nor the arbitrator may disclose the existence, content 
or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for 
purposes of enforcement or appeal of the arbitration award. Judgment on 
any arbitration award may be entered in any court having proper 
jurisdiction. If any portion of this arbitration clause is determined by
 a court to be inapplicable or invalid, then the remainder shall still 
be given full force and effect.
(d) No Class Actions. There shall be no right or authority 
for any claims subject to this arbitration clause to be arbitrated on a 
class action or consolidated basis or on bases involving claims brought 
in a purported representative capacity on behalf of the general public 
(including, but not limited to, as a private attorney general).
(e) Fees and Expenses. All administrative fees and expenses 
of arbitration will be divided equally between you and Rointe. Each 
party will bear the expense of its own counsel, experts, witnesses and 
preparation and presentation of evidence at the arbitration hearing.
(f) YOU MUST CONTACT ROINTE WITHIN FOURTEEN (14) NATURAL 
DAYS OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING RISE TO A
 DISPUTE, OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED UPON SUCH 
EVENT, FACTS, OR DISPUTE.
12. General
(a) Changes to these Terms. Rointe reserves the right to make 
changes to these Terms. We'll post notice of modifications to these 
Terms on this page. You should ensure that you have read and agree with 
our most recent Terms when you use the Services. Continued use of the 
Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your 
acknowledgment of such changes and agreement to be bound by the revised 
Terms.
(b) Governing Law. The courts in some countries will not 
apply Spain law to some types of disputes. If you reside in one of those
 countries, then where Spain law is excluded from applying, your 
country's laws will apply to such disputes related to these terms. 
Otherwise, you agree that these Terms, and any claim, dispute, action, 
cause of action, issue, or request for relief arising out of or relating
 to these Terms or your use of the Products and Services shall be 
governed by the laws of the Kingdom of Spain without giving effect to 
any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the 
law of another jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the personal 
jurisdiction of the state and courts in or for Region of Murcia, Spain 
for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes, unless such 
claim or dispute is required to be arbitrated as set forth in an above 
section.
(c) Protection of Confidentiality and Intellectual Property 
Rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Rointe may seek injunctive or 
other equitable relief to protect its confidential information and 
intellectual property rights or to prevent loss of data or damage to its
 servers in any court of competent jurisdiction.
(d) Entire Agreement/Severability. These Terms constitute 
the entire agreement between you and Rointe regarding the use of the 
Services. Any failure by Rointe to exercise or enforce any right or 
provision of these Terms shall not operate as a waiver of such right or 
provision. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only 
and have no legal or contractual effect. If any provision of these Terms
 is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other 
provisions of these Terms will be unimpaired and the invalid or 
unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and 
enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Neither party is an 
agent or partner of the other party.
(e) Survivability. The obligations in Sections 3(d), 4, 6, 
7, 8, 9, 11, and 12 will survive any expiration or termination of these 
Terms.
(f) Assignment. These Terms, and any associated rights or 
obligations, may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by you without
 Rointe’s prior written consent. These Terms may be assigned by Rointe 
without restriction. These Terms are binding upon any permitted 
assignee.
(g) Notifications. Rointe may provide notifications to you 
as required by law or for marketing or other purposes via (at its 
option) email to the primary email associated with your Account, mobile 
notifications, hard copy, or posting of such notice on www.rointe.com. 
Rointe is not responsible for any automatic filtering you or your 
network provider may apply to email notifications. Rointe recommends 
that you add @rointe.com email addresses to your email address book to 
help ensure you receive email notifications from Rointe.
(h) Disclosures. Please see here for Rointe’s address. If 
you are a Spain resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint 
Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the Region of 
Murcia Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 
Parcela 43, Polígono Industrial Vicente Antolinos, Santomera, 30140, 
Region of Murcia, Spain, or by telephone at (+0034) 968 864 363.
(i) Copyright/Trademark Information. Copyright © 2015, 
Rointe , Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks, logos, and service 
marks (“Marks”) displayed on the Services are the property of Rointe or 
of their respective holders. You are not permitted to use any of the 
Marks without the applicable prior written consent of Rointe or such 
respective holders. Rointe reserves the right to alter product and 
services offerings, specifications, and pricing at any time without 
notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors 
that may appear in this or in related documents.
13. Statistics (E·Fficiency)
Consumption measurements were performed with tests conducted by 
independent laboratories under controlled and stable conditions, with a 
percentage of variability in the outcome. The value displayed in the 
measurement may differ depending on conditions such as network status or
 other variables. Rointe is not
    responsible for how these variations may affect the end results. To 
ensure proper function, there should be connection to the Internet and 
the electric network at all times, as a simple disconnection, however 
small it may be, may lead to erroneous results. For more information 
please consult the terms and conditions of
    E-fficiency in the Rointe Connect App.