Fuel Card Application
CONTROL PLUS GIVES FLEET Managers absolute control over exactly when, where and how their drivers use their fuel card
Apply Now For Fuel Cards
Customer Login
This privacy policy sets out the data processing practices of Fuel Card Ireland. Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Fuel Card Ireland is the controller. If you have any requests concerning your personal data or any queries with regard to how we handle your data you can contact the DPO by phone on +353 (0)42 9429512, via email:
info@Fuel-cards.ie
, or write to us at Data Protection Officer, Fuel Card Ireland, Unit 7 Oriel Hub, Finnabair Business Park, Dundalk, Co Louth – Republic of Ireland
Contents
Contents
Purpose of processing your personal data
Marketing
Third party marketing
Hosted third party marketing
Third party data sharing for marketing
Recipients/categories of recipients
Transfers to third countries
Retention periods
Data subject’s rights
Right of access
Right to rectification
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right to object
Rights relating to automated decision making including profiling
Processing based on consent
Statutory/contractual requirement to provide
Automated decision making including profiling
Cookies
Cookies we use
Third party websites
Changes to the privacy policy
Purpose of processing your personal data
The legal basis on which we rely is:
Consent
When you complete our web form we will ask you to confirm your consent for us to contact you via email in order to respond to your query. We will also request that you confirm if you wish us to keep you up to date with our activities and relevant marketing content.
Marketing
We would like to use your personal data to send you details of products or services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you. We will only send you information in line with the preferences you indicated when you provided the personal data.
If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, or would like to change the channels (such as email or post) that we use to contact you, please contact us.
Retention periods
We will keep your personal data in connection with the services/products you have bought for three (3) years after the last purchase. We need to retain this data for our own accounting purposes and for legal and tax purposes.
In terms of personal data we use for marketing, we will keep this data for as long as we are able to market to you and if you withdraw your consent or opt-out of marketing communications, we will keep your contact details only to ensure that we do not contact you again for marketing purposes.
Data subject’s rights
You have rights in respect of your personal data. We will need to confirm your identity before we can consider your request so, if you wish to exercise any of these rights, we will need a copy of your passport, driving licence or a utility bill.
The right to be informed
You have the right to be told about the collection and use of the personal data you provide. This privacy policy sets out the purpose for which we process your personal data, how long we will keep your data, who we will share your data with.
If you have any questions on how and why we process your data please contact the DPO.
Right of access
You have the right to know whether we are processing your personal data, and to a copy of that data. We would need as much information as possible to enable us to locate your data. We will respond to your request within 28 days of receipt of your request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have any incorrect personal data corrected or completed if it is incomplete. You can make this request verbally or in writing. We will need as much information as possible to enable us to locate your data. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Right to erasure This right, often referred to as the right to be forgotten allows you to ask us to erase personal data where there is no valid reason for us to keep it. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to ask us to restrict processing of your data. We will look at any request and inform you of our decision within 28 days of receiving the request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DP at the contact details above.
Right to data portability
You have the right to move, copy or transfer your personal data from one IT environment to another. This right applies to data that you have provided to us and that we are processing on the legal basis of consent or in the performance of a contract and that processing is by automated means. We will respond to your request within 28 days of receipt of your request. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data based on (i) legitimate interests, or for the performance of a task in the public interests/exercise of official authority (including profiling); (ii) direct marketing (including profiling); and (iii) for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics. Legitimate interests/legal
task Your objection should be based on your particular situation. We can continue to process the data if we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which override your interests. Direct marketing You have an absolute right to ask us to stop processing for the purposes of direct marketing. We will action your request as soon as possible. Scientific/historical research and statistics
Your objection should be based on your particular situation. If we are conducting research where the processing is necessary for the performance of a public task, we can refuse to comply with your objection. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Rights relating to automated decision making including profiling
You have the right in respect of automated decision making, including profiling. Where we carry out solely automated decision making, including profiling, which has legal or similarly significant effects on you, we can only do this if it is in connection with a contract with you, we have a right under law or you have provided your explicit consent. We will tell you if this happens and tell you how you can request human intervention or challenge the decision. If you want to exercise this right, please contact the DPO at the contact details above.
Processing based on consent
Where we process your personal data based on your consent you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time without reason. You can opt-out by using the unsubscribe/opt-out in any marketing we send you and you can contact the DPO at the contact details above.
The right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority If you are unhappy with any aspect of our handling of your data.
Full online
fuel management
The CSC Fuel Card comes with a full online service to manage your fuel card account.
Reprint invoices, export transaction reports, view cards & current fuel prices  Set up customised alerts.  All at your fingertips 24 hours a day...
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.