Dear customer,
we wish to inform you that Legislative Decree. n. 196 of 30 June 2003 ( "Code regarding the protection of personal data") provides for the protection of persons and other subjects regarding the processing of personal data.
According to the law, this treatment will be based on principles of fairness, legality and transparency and protection of your privacy and your rights.
According to Article 13 of the law. n.196 / 2003, we hereby provide the following information:
1. Coges Mobile Solutions Srl has developed a computer application for mobile devices, called "Pay4Vend", which will allow - after completing the online registration process of your personal data and installed on your mobile device, you can purchase through His mobile beverage and / or food provided by all vending machines managed by the vending Operators and / or its subsidiaries, or affiliates, and / or these related and / or by physical entities.
2. The data you provide to Pay4Vend will be processed for purposes connected or instrumental to the provision of services rendered through "Pay4Vend", for the treatment of which the operator of Vending is not required to apply for special permission, the which you will instead be expressly required when the Vending Operator intends to use your data to send you promotional material and / or promotional Pay4Vend or third parties to whom the Vending operator has communicated your data, upon your consent, or for processing and completion of studies and statistical and market research on the habits and consumption choices of their clients.
3. The processing of your data will be made through computerized systems [and / or printed].
4. Personal data shall be kept by Coges Mobile Solutions and / or the operator of vending for the time prescribed by the Privacy Act and other applicable laws. In any case, the period of storage of personal data will be represented on the time needed to pursue the above esplicate.
5. Personal data necessary and relevant to the purpose of the treatment may be disclosed to third parties who in various capacities are involved in providing the service, for the purposes spelled out here.
6. The provision of data is required for the proper use of the service rendered through Pay4Vend and any refusal to provide such data could lead to failure or partial performance of the contract.
7. Your data will not be diffused.
8. At any time you can exercise your rights towards the data controller under Article 7 of D.lgs.196 / 2003
Dear customer
,
in order to improve sales services offered through "Pay4Vend", personalizing them in relation to your needs, the Vending operator intends to launch promotional activities related to the service through "Pay4Vend", which will enable you to benefit from subsidies, awards and / or purchases bonus of using "Pay4Vend".
11. To do so want to send you to your e-mail address, or phone number of your mobile device, you will have provided during registration, messages and / or communications bearing the promotional initiatives, awards and / or bonus purchases, to which You may have access as a customer.
12. If consent to such use of your data, we remind you that in accordance with the Privacy Code may object at any time to the processing of personal data, or withdraw consent, by means of sending e-mail address listed in the Operations tab accessible sfiarando the operator logo. It may in any case exercise the rights and powers of art. 7 of the Privacy Code.
13. Also in order to improve the service, the operator want to also use your data for processing and completion of studies and statistical and market research, for analysis of the tastes, preferences, habits , the needs and choices of consumption, as well as for the detection of the degree of satisfaction with the quality products and services offered by the Company.