Terms and Conditions of MyDutyFree preorder service
These terms and conditions (further – “Conditions”) define legal relationship, which take place as the result of the use of
https://mydutyfree.net/
website, as well as MyDutyFree mobile application, which are collectively and separately referred to as an online display of duty free shops located in the following international airports: “Boryspil” (Terminal D), "Kyiv" (Zhuliany), "Danylo Galitsky" (Lviv), "Heydar Aliyev" (Baku), "Minsk", "Dammam" (KSA) in bordershops at checkpoints "Porubnoe", "Dyakovo", "Uzhhorod, "Chop" (Ukraine), "Kamenny Log", "Kazbegi" (Georgia) (hereafter referred to as “Services”, “Service”, “MyDutyFree”).
Please, acquaint yourselves carefully with the existing Conditions before you start using the Services.
These Conditions apply only to the shop located at Boryspil International Airport, terminal D.
Please note that if you use the Services, you agree to follow the Conditions. If you decline to follow these Conditions, you are forbidden to use the offered Services.
Actual use of the Website and application in order to select goods will be considered as the acceptance of the existing Conditions and agreement for the processing of your personal data.
1. About us and our services
“MуDutyFree” LLC, founded by MYDF HOLDING LTD (registration number HE 358175), is the owner of the Website, as well as MуDutyFree service online display.
The purpose of our Services is to make potential customers of our partners aware of the range of goods realized in separate duty-free shops.
You can find detailed information about the Services below.
2. Our services
MуDutyFree is an online display service that allows you to save your time and money.
The Services we offer allow you to be aware of the range of goods and select the goods in the mentioned duty-free shops for the further purchase (hereafter referred to as “Partner shops”, “Partners”, “Duty-free”).
It is worth to remember that the Service only fulfills a demonstrative function, which means that it is an online display of Partner shops. Goods and the goods descriptions are placed for information purposes, and not for pre-sale or booking of goods.
We also offer extra Services, such as informing users about the changes in Conditions of the displayed goods purchase.
It is easy: pre-select goods in Duty-free shops using our Service, and they will be waiting for you at MyDutyFree pickup point at the selected airport.
It is important for you to understand that purchase agreement is committed between you and a corresponding Partner shop.
Partner shop has provided us with the rights for cooperation in order to commit such an agreement, but we are not the agreement party. It means that you do not purchase goods directly from us.
Further information about goods, Partner shops and the agreement between you and Partner shop is described below.
3. Our responsibility
If we break the Conditions while providing Services, we are responsible for the resulting material losses/damage in compliance with the existing legislation of Ukraine.
4. Specifics of goods purchase in Duty-free shops
Duty-free is a system of selling goods in retail units, located in country’s border crossing areas (checkpoints). Such sales are free from particular taxes and fees, which objectively allows lowering the price for the goods.
Furthermore, Duty-free goods can be sold only to those who have passed customs and border control, and are obliged to depart from the territory of the country where such shop is located.
The goods purchased in Duty-free shops are to be exported from the territory of the country where such shop is located.
5. Goods and quality.
We try to be as exact as possible while describing the goods displayed in the Service.
However, for the reason that all our goods descriptions are based upon the information received from the open sources of brands and manufacturers, we don’t guarantee that all the descriptions are absolutely exact, full, reliable and flawless.
Images of the goods displayed on the Website are provided for demonstrative purposes. Actual product may vary.
Partner shops are not allowed to offer damaged goods or goods with the quality lower than market standards to be displayed.
If selected goods don’t comply with their description, are damaged or do not correspond to market standards, you can return them to a Partner shop in compliance with the legislation of the country where such shop is located.
6. Selection, purchase and receiving goods.
Selection of Duty-free goods is can be performed with MyDutyFree service (using the website or mobile application) by clicking the button “Add to the cart” with the following placing of the good into the shopping cart of the customer passenger and confirmation of the choice.
Registration on
mydutyfree.net
is required for placing a pre-choice. We recommend you to register (create a user account) before you start to use the Service.
Pre-choice is possible with the most popular goods, the list of which is available for your review on the display.
You can place a preliminary choice no later than 2 hours before your departure (or 1 hour prior to your departure if you are a holder of a Premium MasterCard and have entered the promo-word while placing a preliminary choice (
Masterсard Premium cards are
Mastercard®Platinum, Mastercard®Wold Black Edition, Mastercard®World Elite, Mastercard®Corporate).
The time for processing/collecting of the pre-chosen goods is at least 30 minutes after the pre-choice has been placed.
After the confirmation of your choice, you will receive an e-mail with the cost of the corresponding goods or the information about their absence.
You pass through passport control and get to Duty-free area on the territory of the airport where the selected Duty-free shop is located. After that, you must show our cashier your boarding pass at Duty-free pickup point and check the information about your choice.
After that, you can pay and immediately receive your good at the same Duty-free shop.
All the major currencies are accepted in Duty-free shops, including UAH, EUR, USD, GBP.
Currencies such as
GBP and USD are not accepted in coins.
If the prices for the goods are set only in euro, the payment for the goods in hryvnas or rubles is executed according to the commercial exchange rate of these currencies to euro (price label currency) on the day of the purchase.
Payment using USA/ GBP dollars is executed mentioning the cross rate (euro to USA/ GBP dollar exchange rate), officially set in hryvna for euro, USA/ GBP dollar.
All the major credit cards can be also used for payment: Visa, Master Card, Maestro, American Express.
Pay attention:
The price for the selected good may change on the day of the flight. That is why the cost of the good is defined on the day of the flight.
Persons under 18 years old don’t have a right to use an online display in order to select tobacco goods, persons under 21 don't have a right to select alcohol items (as well as purchase them afterwards at the duty-free store).
Pay attention that the allowed quota for the import of alcohol and tobacco products to the territory of various countries may differ. We strongly encourage you to pay attention to the existing limits before the journey.
The quantity of the goods reflected in our online display, at the storage, and in Duty-free shops is limited.
Сonsidering the fact that the preliminary selection of products made on the online show-case at the Website or via Application is other than a reservation of the selected goods, it may happen that the aforementioned goods are out of stock at the time of actual purchasing. In other words, despite how long ago your preliminary selection was placed, we cannot guarantee you that the goods you've chosen would be in stock by the day when you purchase the goods (day of your departure).
We make every effort to inform you about the current prices and availability of goods. However, if the good you've chosen becomes unavailable less than 24 hours prior to your departure time, we may not have a chance to reach out to you in order to give you this information.
7. Discounts
Discounts apply only to goods previously chosen at the Service and placed as a "choice". Goods added to the "choice" directly at the airport, are purchased at full price.
You receive only those discounts and promotional offers for the goods selected using MyDutyFree Service, information about which is placed on the resources of the Service.
There are no discounts for the production of the following brands: Chanel, Elizabeth Arden, Antonio Banderas; as well as Davidoff Cool Water, Davidoff Cool Water Women, Moschino Funny, Paco Rabanne Paco, Versace Woman, Versace Jeans Blue, Versace Jeans Red and some other items.
There are also no discounts for the good participating in “Special offer” promotion.
Discounts and promo codes are not summed up.
Basic discount
While choosing goods using our Service you receive a 7% discount from the cost of the good at the moment of payment at a Duty-free shop.
If you have a higher discount, the mentioned 7% discount from the cost of the good is not available.
MasterCard​ Premium discount
If you are a Premuim MasterCard card holder (if you own
Mastercard®Platinum, Mastercard®Wold Black Edition, Mastercard®World Elite, Mastercard®Corporate cards), you get an extra 5% discount for goods pre-choice using the Service, so your total discount is 15%.
The discount is available after you enter a promo-word into a relevant field. You can find the promo-word at the MasterCard web-page (
www.mastercard.com/mydutyfree
). You need to pay the whole amount of your purchase at duty-free store with your MasterCard premium card in order to get the discount.
When applying this discount, you also have an opportunity to make a pre-choice 1 hour before the departure.
15% MasterCard discount is available at Kyiv, Boryspil and Odessa international airports only.
8. Our website
The current paragraph defines the rules you must follow using the Website (whether you use it for goods selection or just review it). While using the Website, you agree to obey the corresponding rules. If you don’t agree with the Conditions, you can't continue using the Website, and you must immediately leave it.
Access to the website
Access to the website is free. You are responsible for following all the Conditions, necessary for getting access to the Website. You must also make sure that all the persons who have access to the Website using your internet-connections, are aware of the Conditions and follow them.
Access to the Website is available temporarily and doesn’t include the commercial use of the Website or its contents. You don’t have a right to reproduce, copy and/or use the Website for commercial purposes without our written agreement.
We keep the right to close or change the Website without warnings, as well as to limit the access to all the information or to particular sections of the Website. We are not responsible for the impossibility to access the Website for any reason.
When you visit the Website and/or place a pre-choice, you contact us via e-mail, and agree that all the notifications, agreements, announcements or any other information sent via e-mail (on our behalf or on the behalf of the Partner shop) have the same legal force, as their written analogue.
Your responsibilities
You have no right to use the Website in a way that could provoke or become a potential reason of the failed access to the Website, its damage or any deterioration of its functioning.
You must understand that you are responsible for any electronic communications and the contents sent from your computer. You must use the Website only for legal purposes.
You have no right to use the Website:
In an illegal or fraudulent way, or for illegal or fraudulent purposes.
Send out or use any materials that are: (i) illegal, obscene, insulting, indecent, discrediting, improper or threating and/or (ii) violate a copyright, trademark rights, confidentiality or any other rights, and/or (iii) represent any other way to harm third parties and/or (iv) become harmful and/or (v) including viruses, political propaganda, illegal advertising, chain letters, mass distribution or any other “spam”.
Any actions causing harm, annoying or provoking unnecessary concern or discomforting any other person, may serve a reason to ban your access to the Website.
Please, comply with the legislation while using the Website. If you are suspected of any illegal actions, we keep the right to inform law enforcement authorities and reveal your personal data.
References
We will appreciate your reference to our Website, but it must be done in an honest and legal way that would not harm our reputation and would not provide you with illegal preferences.
We keep the right to ban the use of references to our Website in any time, and if we have required to delete a corresponding reference to the Website, you must fulfill the requirement immediately.
On our Site we can place information about goods and their assortment that are sold in duty-free shops and are not our official partners, but information about which is contained in the public domain or information about which we received from our Users.
By placing this information on our Site, we are primarily guided by the best interests of our Users and potential customers to familiarize them with the widest possible range of products. At the same time, we will definitely mark the references to the official website of the owner of this content.
Please note that by placing references to sites and resources of third parties, we do not pursue any commercial purpose. We do not receive money for advertising and dissemination of information from other sites; we provide references absolutely free of charge for informational purposes.
Placing references to sites and resources of third parties is carried out for informational purposes on our Site. We are not responsible for the content of these sites or resources (for example, the presence or absence of goods, the relevance of prices, promotions, etc.), therefore such references should not be considered as the ones approved by us. We are not responsible for any damage or loss that may result from using them.
In case of any claims or suggestions regarding the provisions set forth in this subpart "References", you can send a letter to the email address: info@mydutyfree.net
Our responsibility
We may update or change the contents of the Website at any given time at the request of our Partner. Please note that this entails that any information on the Website may be out of date at any given time. The contents of the Website are provided for general reference so that the customers can learn about the product range of our Partners We do not offer any guarantees either directly expressed or implied that the Website or any of its contents are accurate, comprehensive and up-to-date since items are purchased by the Customer directly from our Partners and information on the goods may change.We are not liable to you or any other users for the damage or material loss that can be the result of: (i) use, or the impossibility of use of the Service; or (ii) use and reliability of any contents of the Service.
Please, pay attention that the Service is only for home and personal use, and, therefore, we are not responsible for the possible material loss, business loss, termination of commercial activity or any other omitted commercial opportunities.
We are not responsible for any damage of losses caused by a virus, net attack, or any other harmful material that could damage your computer, computer programs, data or any other materials as the result of the use of the Service or downloading any of its contents, or the use of references to the websites of third parties.
Conditions of the use of MyDutyFree mobile application are the same as the Conditions mentioned in this paragraph.
9. Privacy and personal data storage policy
We collect, store and use your personal data in accordance with national legislation and standards of international law in the field of information security, including “Protection of personal data” Law dated 01.06.2010 № 2297-VI, as well as the Rules for the processing of personal data established by the General Data Protection Regulations (EU Regulation 2016/679 of April 27, 2016 or the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation).
We collect, store and use personal information with the permission of the user. We provide the user with access to the personal information that we store, and we provide the ability to change and delete information at any time through the personal account or upon request to our support team.
We only collect and process the minimal amount of personal data required for providing the Service.
We collect and store the following information:
Personal data, cookies, and usage data:
referral source, utm-tags
operating system, browser type and version, IP address
country, city, language preferences
gender, age, name, surname
phone number, email address
tokens for push notifications
data available from social networks when it is linked to the account (avatar, etc.).
Special:
actions (view history, additions to favorites and shopping cart, search queries, filters applied, order history, etc.)
answers from questionnaires, actions associated with additional functions (lotteries, referral systems, etc.)
airport, date and time of departure
history of email and phone notifications
history of chat bot correspondence and technical support operator correspondence
The statistical information that we collect (for example, information about the session duration) is stored in an impersonal and encrypted form.
The information is used by us for the purpose of providing the Services, confirming the identity of the user, timely notifying the user of the forced changes in the conditions for providing the Service, for conducting marketing research and activities.
In order to provide the Services, we can transfer personal data to third parties.
The data is transferred to third parties in an encrypted form - to the partners of the Service, as well as to the services that operate the working process of the Service.
Only the minimum amount of information necessary to ensure the provision of the Services is transferred.
We pass on the name and surname of the customers of TezTour Турагенція, who used the affiliate promo code to increase the discount on our website, to the company TezTour Турагенція. This happens only for those users who are already customers of TezTour Турагенція, and therefore have already given their name and surname to the company, as well as entered the promotional code they previously received from the company representative.
List of partners and services:
Google Analytics, Yandex Analytics, MixPanel
authorized locations - cash desks in the stores where customer service is provided
Belavia, S7, Natalitours, Ural Airlines, TezTour Турагенція
the exchange of user personal data takes place in the process of interaction with external social networks and platforms like Google+, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, VK
We collect cookies that are required for Service functioning and providing the Services. Cookies are stored in an encrypted form and are deleted as soon as there is no need for them.
Please note that EU citizens who are under the age of 16 can use the Service only after obtaining consent for personal data processing of personal data from their parents (or legal representatives), through the authorization of our Service.
We take all reasonable steps to maintain the appropriate level of security during the use of our Service. An authorized employee of our company is responsible for ensuring the protection of the information.
We do not transfer personal information to unauthorized third parties and do not store unauthorized copies of informational data.
In case of revealing the leak of data, we inform the user and the authorized authorities about this leak within 72 hours.
Using our service, you must agree to our use of your personal data. Granting your consent to the use of your personal data, you guarantee that the information provided is true.
If you do not agree to provide information that is necessary for us to provide the Services, you may be barred from using the Service.
Please note that if you voluntarily place your personal data online in an unprotected internet environment – for example, in blog comments, this information can be collected and used by third parties outside our control.
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
The right to request for access to your personal data and information about how we use your personal information.
The right to correct your personal data if it is not fully specified or contains inaccuracies.
The right to remove your personal data we store in full or partially at any time.
The right to withdraw the consent to the processing your personal data by us in full or partially. Exercise of this right will not mean the illegality of any of our procedures with your personal data, which were carried out on the basis of your previously granted consent.
The right to send a complaint related to the processing of your personal data by us directly to any local branch of the supervisory authority.
If you have any questions regarding the procedure for the implementation of the abovesaid rights, other questions, suggestions and / or claims regarding the operation of our Service, please contact our support team: support@mydutyfree.net.
Read more in the
Privacy Policy section
.
10.
The rules of cancellation or editing the selection of the good from the online display, additional goods selection
You can cancel your pre-choice in your Personal Account. If you want to refuse some of goods of your pre-choice, you can do it in the store: ask the cashier to remove the goods. If you have chosen some more goods, please place an additional pre-choice to get a discount on these products.
The discount will not apply to the goods that you choose directly in the store, and do not put into your preliminary "choice." The goods that you choose in the store, you can buy for the full cost.
11. Return conditions
According to p. 1. art. 9 of the “Consumer Right Protection Law” of Ukraine you have the right for your good to be replaced with the good of the proper quality in 14 days time period, not including the day of the purchase, if this good is replaceable according to the legislation of Ukraine.
The goods are replaced directly at a Duty-free shop with the help of a corresponding payment document (cheque).
We remind you that as a consumer you possess an additional legal protection in compliance with the “Consumer Right Protection Law” of Ukraine.
12. Agreement for notification receipt
A user, confirming his selected goods using mydutyfree.net website automatically grants us with the agreement to receive the information about news, events, changes, etc., to their e-mail and/or via SMS.
13. The list of partner shops in “Borispol” international airport
Not all Duty-free shops in “Borispol” international airport are the partners of our Service.
See the list of our partner shops below:
Exclusive Taste
Exclusive Beauty
Victoria’s Secret
Ukrainian collection
In style (sunglasses)
Electronics
Young Traveler
Best selection (Right)
Best selection (Left)
14. Other important information
Independence of the provision of the Conditions – each provision and paragraph of the existing Conditions is considered to be valid on its own. If, in compliance with the judgment or any other institution a provision or part will be acknowledged as illegal or inexecutable, other provisions and parts continue bearing legal force..
Rejection – if you broke the Conditions and we have not done anything or we are detaining assuming measures, it doesn’t mean that we reject our rights, and we still keep the right to protect our legal interests. If we reject to hold you to account, we will do it exclusively in written form and it will not mean that we automatically reject to hold you to account in the future.
Applicable law and jurisdiction – the existing Conditions are drawn up in compliance with the legislation of Ukraine. If there are any argumentations or dissidence according to the provisions of the Conditions, they are to be solved in the courts of Ukraine with the appliance of the legislation of Ukraine.
Invincible obstacles – neither we, nor our partner shops are responsible for any kind of non-compliance with the Conditions, delay in the Conditions execution, breach of any other of our obligations if such a delay is the result of invincible obstacles.
An invincible obstacle includes acts or events, such as natural disasters, wars, terrorist attacks, embargos, disorders, strikes, lockouts, trade dissidences, fires, floods, earthquakes and other natural catastrophes, breakages, severe weather conditions, transport problems, government actions or the breakage of common or private telecommunications.
Complaints – we stick to a certain system of complaints consideration, according to which we try to consider and solve controversies as soon as they appear. Please, let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mydutyfree.net/privacy-policy:
Regulation on the processing and protection of personal data in personal data database owned by MYDUTYFREE
Contents
General concepts and scope.
List of databases of personal data.
The purpose of processing of personal data.
The procedure for processing of personal data: obtaining consent, notification of rights and actions with personal data of the personal data subject.
Location of the database of personal data.
Terms of disclosure of the information about personal data to the third parties.
Protection of personal data: ways of protection, responsible person, employees, who directly process and/or have access to personal data due to the performance of their official duties, terms of storage of personal data.
Rights of the personal data subject.
Operating procedure with the requests of the personal data subject.
State registration of the database of personal data.
General concepts and scope
database of personal data
—
named collection of data in electronic form and/or in form of personal data files;
responsible person
—
certain person who organizes the work related to the protection of personal data during their processing, in accordance with the law;
database controller
—
natural or legal person, who, by the law or the  consent of data subject, was given the right  to process these data, who approves the purpose of processing of personal data in this database, sets the data warehouse and procedures of their processing, unless otherwise provided by law;
state register of databases of personal data
—
unified state informational system of collection, accumulation and processing of lists of registered personal data;
public sources of personal data
—
reference books, address books, registers, lists, catalogs and other systematic collections of public information, which contain personal data posted and published with a consent of the personal data subject.
Social media and internet resources in which the data subject leaves its personal data (except when the data subject explicitly states that personal data are placed for the purpose of their free dissemination and use) are not considered as public sources of personal data.
consent of the personal data subject
—
any documented free will of natural person which grants a permission to process his or her personal data, in accordance with the stated purpose of their processing;
de-identification of personal data
—
withdrawal of information that makes it possible to identify a person;
processing of personal data
—
any action or set of actions performed in whole or in part in an information (automated) system and/or in personal data files, which is associated with the collection, registration, accumulation, preservation, adaptation, modification, updating, use and dissemination (implementation, transfer), de-personalization, destruction of the data about the natural person;
personal data
—
statements or a set of statements about an individual (natural person) who is identified or can be specifically identified;
processor of the database
—
natural or legal person to whom, by the controller or the law was given the right to process these data.
A person entrusted by the controller and/or processor of the database with work of a technical nature with the database of personal data without access to the content of personal data can not be considered as a processor of the database.
personal data subject
—
natural person with regard to whom personal data is processed, in accordance with the law;
third party
—
any person, with the exception of the personal data subject, the controller or processor of the personal data database and authorized state body on the protection of personal data, to whom by the controller or processor personal data is disclosed, in accordance with the law;
special categories of data
—
personal data about racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or ideological beliefs, membership in political parties and trade unions, as well as data related to health or sexual life.
This Regulation is mandatory for use by the responsible person and the employees of the seller, who directly process and/or have access to personal data in connection with the performance of their official duties.
List of databases of personal data
The seller is the controller of the following personal data databases:
Customer personal data database
The purpose of processing of personal data
The purpose of processing of personal data in the system is storage and maintenance of customer data in accordance with Articles 6, 7 of the Law of Ukraine “On Personal Data Protection”
The procedure for processing of personal data: obtaining consent, notification of rights and actions with personal data of the personal data subject
The consent of the personal data subject should be a free will of the natural person to grant permission for the processing of his or hers personal data in accordance with the stated purpose of the processing. The consent of the personal data subject can be provided in the following form:
mark on the electronic page of the document or in an electronic file that is processed in the information system on the basis of documented software and technical solutions.
Notification of the personal data subject about the inclusion of his or hers personal data in personal data databases, rights defined by the Law of Ukraine "On the protection of personal data", the purpose of collection of personal data and the persons to whom his or hers personal data is disclosed takes place during checkout on the website
mydutyfree.net
.
The processing of personal data about racial or ethnic origin, political, religious or ideological beliefs, membership in political parties and trade unions, as well as data relating to health or sexual life (specific data categories) is prohibited.
Location of the database of personal data
The personal data databases specified in section 2 of this regulation are located at the address of «Mydutyfree» company.
Privacy and personal data collection, processing and storage policy
We collect, store and use your personal data in accordance with national legislation and standards of international law in the field of information security, including “Protection of personal data” Law dated 01.06.2010 № 2297-VI, as well as the Rules for the processing of personal data established by the General Data Protection Regulations (EU Regulation 2016/679 of April 27, 2016 or the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation).
We collect, store and use personal information with the permission of the user. We provide the user with access to the personal information that we store, and we provide the ability to change and delete information at any time through the personal account or upon request to our support team.
We only collect and process the minimal amount of personal data required for providing the Service.
We collect and store the following information:
Personal data, cookies, and usage data::
referral source, utm-tags
operating system, browser type and version, IP address
country, city, language preferences
gender, age, name, surname
phone number, email address
tokens for push notifications
data available from social networks when it is linked to the account (avatar, etc.)
Special::
actions (view history, additions to favorites and shopping cart, search queries, filters applied, order history, etc.)
answers from questionnaires, actions associated with additional functions (lotteries, referral systems, etc.)
airport, date and time of departure
history of email and phone notifications
history of chat bot correspondence and technical support operator correspondence
The statistical information that we collect (for example, information about the session duration) is stored in an impersonal and encrypted form.
The information is used by us for the purpose of providing the Services, confirming the identity of the user, timely notifying the user of the forced changes in the conditions for providing the Service, for conducting marketing research and activities.
In order to provide the Services, we can transfer personal data to third parties.
The data is transferred to third parties in an encrypted form - to the partners of the Service, as well as to the services that operate the working process of the Service.
Only the minimum amount of information necessary to ensure the provision of the Services is transferred.
We pass on the name and surname of the customers of TezTour Турагенція, who used the affiliate promo code to increase the discount on our website, to the company TezTour Турагенція. This happens only for those users who are already customers of TezTour Турагенція, and therefore have already given their name and surname to the company, as well as entered the promotional code they previously received from the company representative.
List of partners and services::
Google Analytics, Yandex Analytics, MixPanel
authorized locations - cash desks in the stores where customer service is provided
Belavia, S7, Natalitours, Ural Airlines, TezTour Турагенція
the exchange of user personal data takes place in the process of interaction with external social networks and platforms like Google+, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, VK
We collect cookies that are required for Service functioning and providing the Services. Cookies are stored in an encrypted form and are deleted as soon as there is no need for them.
Please note that EU citizens who are under the age of 16 can use the Service only after obtaining consent for personal data processing of personal data from their parents (or legal representatives), through the authorization of our Service.
We take all reasonable steps to maintain the appropriate level of security during the use of our Service. An authorized employee of our company is responsible for ensuring the protection of the information.
We do not transfer personal information to unauthorized third parties and do not store unauthorized copies of informational data.
In case of revealing the leak of data, we inform the user and the authorized authorities about this leak within 72 hours.
Using our service, you must agree to our use of your personal data. Granting your consent to the use of your personal data, you guarantee that the information provided is true.
If you do not agree to provide information that is necessary for us to provide the Services, you may be barred from using the Service.
Please note that if you voluntarily place your personal data online in an unprotected internet environment – for example, in blog comments, this information can be collected and used by third parties outside our control.
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
The right to request for access to your personal data and information about how we use your personal information
The right to correct your personal data if it is not fully specified or contains inaccuracies
The right to remove your personal data we store in full or partially at any time
The right to withdraw the consent to the processing your personal data by us in full or partially. Exercise of this right will not mean the illegality of any of our procedures with your personal data, which were carried out on the basis of your previously granted consent
The right to send a complaint related to the processing of your personal data by us directly to any local branch of the supervisory authority
If you have any questions regarding the procedure for the implementation of the abovesaid rights, other questions, suggestions and / or claims regarding the operation of our Service, please contact our support team: support@mydutyfree.net.
Terms of disclosure of the information about personal data to the third parties
The procedure for access to personal data by third parties is determined by terms of the consent of the personal data subject provided to the controller of the personal data database for processing this data, or in accordance with the requirements of the law.
Access to personal data is not provided to a third party if the specified person refuses to undertake obligations to fulfill the conditions of the Law of Ukraine “On the protection of personal data” or is unable to provide them.
The subject of relations related to personal data, submits a request for access (hereinafter - the request) to the personal data,  to the controller of the personal data database.
The request shall include:
last name, first name and patronymic, place of residence (place of stay) and details of the document certifying the individual who makes the request (for the natural person - the applicant);
name, location of the legal entity that submits the request, position, last name, first name and patronymic of the person certifying the request; confirmation that the content of the request corresponds to the authority of the legal entity (for a legal entity - the applicant);;
last name, first name and patronymic as well as other information that makes it possible to identify the natural person in regard to whom the request is being made;
information about the database of personal data in regard to which the request is made, or information about the owner or disposer of this database;
list of personal data that is requested;
purpose of the request.
The term for studying of a request for its satisfaction may not exceed ten working days from the date of its admission.
During this period, the controller of the personal data database informs the person who submitted the request that the request will be satisfied or the relevant personal data will not be provided, indicating the grounds specified in the relevant legal act.
The request is satisfied within thirty calendar days from the date of its admission, unless otherwise provided by law.
All employees of the controller of the personal data database are obliged to adhere to the requirements of confidentiality in regard to personal data.
The postponement of access to personal data to third parties is allowed if the necessary data cannot be provided within thirty calendar days from the day the request is received. At the same time, the total time for resolving the issues raised in the request may not exceed forty five calendar days.
The postponement message shall be brought to knowledge of the third party who submitted the request, in writing, explaining the procedure for appealing such a decision.
The postponement report shall include:
last name, first name and patronymic of the official;
date of sending of the message;
reason of postponement;
the period during which the request will be satisfied.
Denial of access to personal data is allowed if access to it is prohibited in accordance with the law.
Rejection message shall include:
last name, first name and patronymic of the official who denied access;
date of sending of the message;
reasons of rejection;
The decision on the removal or denial of access to personal data may be appealed to the authorized state body on the protection of personal data, other state authorities and local governments, whose powers include the protection of personal data, or in court.
Protection of personal data: ways of protection, responsible person, employees, who directly process and/or have access to personal data due to the performance of their official duties, terms of storage of personal data
The controller of the personal data database is equipped with system, software and hardware and communication tools that prevent loss, theft, unauthorized destruction, distortion, copying of information and meet the requirements of international and national standards.
The responsible person organizes the work related to the protection of personal data during their processing, in accordance with the law. The responsible person is determined by the decree of the controller of the personal data database.
The responsibilities of the responsible person in organizing work related to the protection of personal data during their processing are indicated in the job description.
The responsible person must:
know the legislation of Ukraine in the field of personal data protection;
develop procedures for access to personal data of employees in accordance with their professional, service or work duties;
ensure that the employees of the controller of the personal data database comply with the requirements of Ukrainian legislation in the field of personal data protection and internal documents regulating the activity of the controller of the personal data database on the processing and protection of personal data in personal data databases;
develop a procedure for internal control of compliance with the requirements of the legislation of Ukraine in the field of personal data protection and internal documents regulating the activities of the controller of the personal data database for processing and protecting personal data in personal data databases, which, in particular, should contain standards regarding the frequency of such control;
inform the controller of the personal data database about the facts of violations by employees of the conditions of the legislation of Ukraine in the field of personal data protection and internal documents regulating the activity of the controller of the personal data database on personal data processing and protection in the personal data databases no later than one working day from the moment such violations were detected;
ensure the storage of documents confirming the provision by the personal data subject of consent to the processing of his or hers personal data and notification of the data subject of his rights.
In order to fulfill the duties, the responsible person has the right to:
receive necessary documents, including orders and other administrative documents issued by the controller of the personal data database related to the processing of personal data;
make copies of received documents, including copies of files, of any records stored in local computer networks and autonomous computer systems;
take part in the discussion of his duties in work organization related to the protection of personal data during their processing;
submit proposals for improving activities and improving work methods, submit comments and options for eliminating the identified deficiencies in the process of processing personal data;
receive explanations in the matters of the processing of personal data;
sign and endorse documents within the competence.
Employees who directly process and/or have access to personal data in connection with the performance of their official (job) duties must comply with the requirements of Ukrainian legislation in the field of personal data protection and internal documents on the processing and protection of personal data in personal data databases.
Employees who have access to personal data, including their processing, are obliged to prevent disclosure of personal data entrusted to them or which have become known in connection with the performance of professional, official or work duties in any way. Such an obligation is valid after the termination of their activities related to personal data, except cases established by law.
Individuals who have access to personal data, including those who process the data, in case of violation of the conditions of the Law of Ukraine «On Personal Data Protection» bear responsibility according to the law of Ukraine.
Personal data should not be stored longer than necessary for the purpose for which such data is stored, but, in any case, no longer than the data retention period determined by the consent of the personal data subject to the processing of this data.
Rights of the personal data subject
The personal data subject has the right to:
know about the location of the personal data database, which contains his or hers personal data, its purpose and name, location and/or place of residence (stay) of the controller or processor of this database or give the appropriate instruction to receive this information by persons authorized by him, except for cases stipulated by law;
access to his or hers personal data contained in the relevant database of personal data;
receive an answer about whether his or hers personal data is stored in the relevant personal data database, as well as receive the contents of his or hers personal data that is stored, no later than in thirty calendar days from the date of the request, except for cases stipulated by law;
submit a reasoned request with an objection to the processing of personal data by public authorities, local authorities in the implementation of their duties provided by law;
make a reasoned request to replace or destroy the personal data by any controller and processor of this database, if this data is processed illegally or is unreliable;
protect personal data from illegal processing and accidental loss, destruction, damage due to intentional concealment, failure to provide or untimely providing, as well as to protect from the providing of statements that are unreliable or discredit the honor, dignity and business reputation of a natural person;
apply for the protection of his or hers rights about personal data to state authorities, local governments whose authority is to protect personal data;
apply legal remedies in case of violation of personal data protection legislation.
Operating procedure with the requests of the personal data subject
The personal data subject has the right to receive any information about himself from any subject of the relationship related to personal data, without specifying the purpose of the request, except for cases stipulated by law.
Access to personal data by the personal data subject is free of charge.
The personal data subject submits a request for access (hereinafter — request) to personal data to the controller of the personal data database.
The request shall include:
last name, first name and patronymic, place of residence (place of stay) and details of the document certifying the identity of the personal data subject;
other information that makes it possible to identify the individual of the personal data subject;
information about the database of personal data in regard to which the request is made, or information about the owner or disposer of this database;
list of requested personal data.
The term for studying of the request for its satisfaction may not exceed ten working days from the receipt date.
During this period, the controller of the personal data database informs the personal data subject that the request will be satisfied or the relevant personal data will not be provided, indicating the basis specified in the relevant legal act.
The request is satisfied within thirty calendar days from the reception date, except for cases stipulated by law.
State registration of personal data database
The state registration of personal data databases is carried out in accordance with Article 9 of the Law of Ukraine “On Personal Data Protection”.
Your account was deleted. Do you want to restore it?
You can restore account during next 30 days after deletion.
Cancel
Yes. Restore my account
Congratulations! You’ve received an increased 12% discount for purchases in duty-free with our service.
Invite your friends to get more discounts
Invite friends
Start shopping
Do you really want to sign out?
Cancel
Sign out
Are you over the age of 18?
We don't sell alcohol and tobacco to minors
No, hide alcohol and tobacco
Yes
Disconnect my order
No
Yes
You have finished your shared order
Ok
New Duty free shop in Vilnius
Pre-ordering service is now available
at Vilnius International Airport.
Close
Pre-order
You can purchase up to 5 similar items per one boarding pass.
In the duty free shop goods are sold only for personal non-commercial use.
In order to buy more than 5 items, you will need to provide more boarding passes (to share the purchase with several people).
No
Ok
3
Now you will be transferred to the partner's web site
The prices in EUR are estimated!
Exact prices in the store are set in EUR.
We show you just approximate exchange rate.
Don`t show again
Close
Terms and Conditions of MyDutyFree preorder service
Sign in via email
Your e-mail
Your password
Forgot password?
Sign In
New user?
Sign Up
Sign up via email
Your e-mail
Your password
Back
Sign Up
Restore password
Email
Back
Send
New user?
Sign Up
Email confirmation
User with this data already exists
Enter the verification code sent to your Email
Email
Verification code
Back
Confirm
Resend code