Karu 2 Pro
Multi-Fuel Pizza Oven
Outdoor
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/:
Skip to main content
Skip to "About this site"
Switch to basic HTML version
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Protecting and promoting privacy rights
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada provides advice and
information for individuals
about protecting personal information. We also enforce two
federal privacy laws
that set out the rules for how
federal government institutions
and certain
businesses
must handle personal information.
Learn more about
our Office
.
My privacy every day – Tips to protect your digital footprint
G7 Data Protection and Privacy Authorities Roundtable – June 18-19, 2025
Learn about deceptive design patterns that may influence individuals into giving away more of their personal information online.
2023-2024 Annual Report to Parliament on the
Privacy Act
and the
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
OPC
Strategic Plan 2024-2027
Principles for responsible, trustworthy and privacy-protective generative
AI
technologies
Previous
Item
1
of 6
Next
Tab 1
Tab 2
Tab 3
Tab 4
Tab 5
Tab 6
Pause
-  Stop tab rotation
Frequently asked about topics
Accessing your personal information
Learn how to access your personal information held by either businesses or the federal government.
How to raise a privacy concern with an organization
Helpful tips for challenging an organization about how it is handling your personal information.
Summary of privacy laws in Canada
Basic explanation of privacy laws in Canada, who oversees them and who they apply to.
Social insurance numbers
Find advice for individuals and guidance for organizations about the use and protection of SINs.
Identity theft
Information and advice to help individuals guard against identity theft and report if it occurs.
Online privacy
Access information on issues related to privacy on the Internet, including cloud computing, social networking and spam.
The
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(PIPEDA)
Find information about Canada’s federal private-sector privacy law.
The
Privacy Act
Find information about the privacy law that applies to Canada’s federal government departments and agencies.
Investigations
Learn about the OPC’s investigations into privacy complaints.
See all topics
News
Get the latest news and information from the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada.
Privacy Commissioner seeks Federal Court order requiring Pornhub operator to comply with Canadian privacy law
News release -
March 3, 2025
Privacy Commissioner investigation into complaint about social media platform X
News release -
February 27, 2025
Connected but exposed: 2025 OPC Contributions Program call for proposals puts focus on smart devices
News release -
February 26, 2025
See all news and announcements
Date modified:
2025-02-07
Sub-policy 2
https://cppa.ca.gov/:
