Updated:
24 Jun 2022
© Good On You
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of Good On You users including users of the Good On You app, website visitors, social media and any other digital products or tools that we develop; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
The personal information we collect might include your name, address, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
Our website and app uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your computer or mobile device and about your visits to and use of the Good On You website or app (which may include your IP address, geographical location, device and/or browser type and version, operating system, referral source, the length of visit, page views and website and app navigation);
information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to the Good On You app, website, browser extension or any other digital product that you agree to use, including information relating to any purchases you make from us;
information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our app, website services, email notifications, and newsletters (including your country or region and email address);
information submitted as evidence, including via any app or digital product or tool, for the purpose of Good On You assigning, reviewing or adjusting a rating; and
any information that you choose to send to us when contacting us using any contact form on our app, digital product or tool, website, any independent contact form that we establish (for example for job applications or as part of a survey or competition), via our social media channels, by email, phone, or in person.
If you are a customer of Good On You and purchase a product or service from us, your payment information is not normally held by us, it is collected by our third-party payment processors (currently Stripe), who specialise in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. For more information on Stripes’ privacy policy, see the official Stripe privacy page.
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16 and we do not offer any of our products or services directly to children under the age of 13.
2. Cookies on website
What Are Cookies
The Good On You app and web site use cookies, which are tiny files that are added to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the intended functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies while browsing the web by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Our website offers email subscriptions and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users. The site has the potential to offer eCommerce services and may in the future offer eCommerce and payment facilities, and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly. When you submit data to us through a form such as that found on our contact page, cookies may be set to remember your details for future correspondence. These do not apply if we do not offer eCommerce services or if you choose not to use them.
Third-Party Cookies
In some special cases, we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third-party cookies you might encounter through this site.
Customization of our online services and advert targeting
We may use the information you give us about yourself and the information we collect via cookies when you use our online services to build up a picture of your interests. We may then use this information to try to make sure that when we send you marketing communications and when you visit our websites or use our app or online services or digital products or tools, you don’t miss content, updates, offers and other information that might interest you. This information may also be used by our third party advertising agencies and networks, to advertise our own or third party products and services to you when you visit third party websites and online services. Good On You is aware of its privacy and data law obligations relating to the use and disclosure of this information, and is committed to complying with all applicable regulations in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. This is called advert targeting or interest-based advertising. For more information on how to reject targeted advertising or interest-based advertising cookies please refer to balance of this privacy and cookie policy.
Affiliate marketing
Good On You digital properties contain links to third party brands and retailers with which we have an affiliate marketing relationship. Tracking links and cookies are used to identify users on Good On You properties who subsequently make purchases on partner websites, in order to charge those partners commission on sales referred from Good On You. The following data may be processed by Good On You:
Unique Transaction ID
Date / time
Purchase order ID
Purchase amount
Purchase currency
Unique click ID
IP address
The Good On You affiliate network is operated using
Tune
and
Everflow
third party affiliate tracking software. We have a data processing agreement (DPA) with both Tune and Everflow which is designed to ensure such processing is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, including EU Data Protection Legislation, and with due respect for the rights and freedoms of individuals whose Personal Data is processed.
You can opt-out of this tracking on Good On You by deleting cookies in your browser associated with the following domains:
goodonyou.go2cloud.org
tracking.goodonyou.eco
www.km0trk.com
You can opt-out of this tracking on brand and retailer websites by blocking cookies on those websites in your browser.
More Information
If you are still looking for more information, you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.
Email:
info@goodonyou.eco
or via the postal address at the end of this policy.
3. Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to Good On You by any means including via the Good On You app, via any digital product or tool, via the Good On You website, or given to us via email or phone, will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy and cookies policy or in relevant parts of the website, app or other digital product or tool.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website, app and digital product or tools;
improve your experience by personalising the website, app or digital product or tool;
enable your use of the services available;
seek your views or comments on the services we provide;
notify you of changes to our services;
market research, internal monitoring and traffic auditing. This information is only examined in aggregate;
send to you goods purchased (if and when that function becomes available) and supply to you services purchased;
deliver customisable content to you as a user;
send statements and invoices to you, and collect payments from you;
send you general (non-marketing) and non-commercial communications;
send you email, in app or mobile phone notifications which you have specifically requested;
send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to Good On You;
help you understand and improve your Good On You rating;
provide third parties with anonymous statistical information about our website users – this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
if and when it is introduced, process financial transactions through our payment services provider, Stripe. We will share information with Stripe only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments; and
process a job application; and
(where information has been provided for a particular purpose) to give effect to or facilitate that purpose.
Will we share your data with anyone?
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
There are other organisations who operate as data processors of personal data. These include those that host and manage our website, app and any other digital products or tools we offer such as browser extensions. We have a data processing agreement (DPA) with those data processors which is designed to ensure such processing is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, including EU Data Protection Legislation, and with due respect for the rights and freedoms of individuals whose Personal Data is processed. Data processors include:
AWS Amazon
Purpose: Data hosting
Entity country: USA
Website: https://aws.amazon.com/
Vero
Purpose: Messaging service provider
Entity country: Australia
Website: https://www.getvero.com/
Sendgrid
Purpose: Messaging service provider
Entity country: USA
Website: https://sendgrid.com/
Twilio
Purpose: Messaging service provider
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.twilio.com/
Mandrill
Purpose: Messaging service provider
Entity country: USA
Website: https://mandrillapp.com/
Groove
Purpose: Customer service
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.groovehq.com/
Everflow
Purpose: Affiliate marketing
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.everflow.io/
TUNE, Inc.
Purpose: Affiliate marketing
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.tune.com/
Google Analytics
Purpose: Product analytics
Entity country: USA
Website: https://analytics.google.com/
Fullstory
Purpose: Product analytics
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.fullstory.com/
Google Cloud Platform
Purpose: Data hosting
Entity country: USA
Website: https://cloud.google.com/
Amplitude
Purpose: Product analytics
Entity country: USA
Website: https://amplitude.com/
Hotjar
Purpose: Product analytics
Entity country: Malta
Website: https://amplitude.com/
Meta
Purpose: Advertising services
Entity country: USA
Website: https://business.facebook.com/
Sentry
Purpose: Performance analytics
Entity country: USA
Website: https://sentry.io/
Newrelic
Purpose: Application performance metrics
Entity country: USA
Website: https://newrelic.com/
MongoDB Atlas
Purpose: Database hosting
Entity country: USA
Website: https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database
Typesense Cloud
Purpose: Search services
Entity country: USA
Website: https://cloud.typesense.org/
Will we ever profile your data?
In some limited circumstances we may combine personal information you have given us with information that is publicly available. This is to create a profile of your interests and preferences that help us to get to know you and engage better with you. If you are not happy about this, please do get in touch with us at info@goodonyou.eco.
Do we ever compile data and use it to contact people without their consent?
There will be people that Good On You has a legitimate interest to make direct contact with, and to store the personal information of for that purpose for example people who in their professional or voluntary role would expect to hear from Good On You such as sustainability managers at brands.
Before we contact anyone under the basis of legitimate interest we will conduct an internal assessment to be sure we are within our rights to do so.
How long will we hold data?
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory obligations. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, as long as we are obliged to do so by law, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
4. Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy and cookies policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy and cookies policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in or transferred in the European Economic Area (EEA) or to countries outside of the EEA where that country has data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the EEA or where we have a data sharing agreement in place.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
6. Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure password and firewall protected servers. All electronic transactions and communications you make to or receive from us will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
Paper documentation with personal, sensitive or confidential information will be filed and secured within a locked unit in our global office.
We have appropriate business processes in place for the recording and storage of all personal, sensitive and confidential information.
7. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy and cookies policy from time to time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
We will also notify you of significant changes to our privacy and cookies policy by email.
8. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity.
We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes, by sending an email to
info@goodonyou.eco
. In practice, you will have expressly agreed in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes – that is, we will not provide you with our email newsletter, notifications or other marketing communications unless you have requested them.
You may ask us to delete the personal information we hold for you. We will delete all that information, unless we have a legal obligation to retain that information. For example, you have made a donation and we need to maintain your details to satisfy the requirements of government agencies and our auditors.
9. Third party websites
The Good On You app and website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
10. Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by sending an email to
info@goodonyou.eco
.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy and cookies policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us
By email:
info@goodonyou.eco
Or by post:
Good On You
Suite 1, Level 1
2-12 Foveaux St,
Surry Hills, 2010
Australia
12. Data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Good On You Pty Ltd, ACN 608419085
Copyright
All text and video on this site is copyright Good On You Pty Ltd and Ethical Consumers Australia Inc. You may make “fair use” of the material as if the fair use provisions of US copyright were applicable in your country . You also use the material for any non-commercial purpose provided you attribute it as © Good On You.