Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 2023
WeShop Holdings Limited (“WeShop”, “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company”) are committed to protecting your personal information when you are using WeShop's website (at
we.shop
, the “Website”), our mobile applications (available on iOS and Android) and any software provided on or in connection with our services (collectively, the “Service”).
In order to provide you with the Service, we will collect information about you. Your privacy is really important to us, and we understand how important it is to you. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why we do it.
If you do not agree to any of this Privacy Policy you should de-register as a user of the Service.
In this Privacy Policy, references to “you”, “your” and “Users” are references to the User, Visitor, guests and others who access the Service, whether end users or developers or operators of platform applications or websites or others.
When you use the Service, you are consenting to the practices included within this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise stated, all definitions used in the
Terms of Service
shall apply to this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
What information will we collect about you?
When you use the Service you may be asked to provide us with various types of personal information about yourself (“Personal Data”). Providing this personal information will allow you to have greater access, functionality and enhance your overall user experience. We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering and using the Service, including your name, gender, email address, social network logins and other miscellaneous verification information.
Information about your device and about your visits to the Site and use of the Service (including, but not limited to, your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation).
Information about any data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials (“content”) you download from the Service or content you upload or submit to the Service.
Any other information that you choose to send to us, including any request for further services, general correspondence, or if you report a problem with the Service.
How will we use the information we collect about you?
Personal information submitted to us (or which we collect from you) via the Service, will be used for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy (or as specified in relevant parts of the Service where the information is collected).
We may use your personal information to:
Administer the Site.
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the Site.
Enable your use of the Service (including any interactive features of the Service).
Contact you by email or via your social network sites when necessary in connection with your use of the Service. Note you may not opt out of service-related emails.
Send you various confirmations and notifications.
Send you marketing communications relating to WeShop or the businesses of carefully selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you by email or similar technology, where you have specifically agreed to this. You can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications by updating your settings or contacting us.
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
Notify you about any changes to the Service.
Measure traffic and usage trends. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device to our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Contact you by email to invite you to review any services and/or products you received from us in order to collect your feedback and improve our services and products.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing of third party products or services, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. In practice, we will inform you in advance if we intend to use your data for marketing purposes (including passing your information to any third party for such purposes) and seek your consent to this, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
Where you submit personal information to us for publication on the Service, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the terms set out in the Terms of Service.
Who has access to your personal data?
We use some of your Personal Data to authenticate you when using the Service in order to minimise the risk of unauthorised access to your personal information.
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, our partners or other selected third parties to enable you to use the Service. Selected third parties include, but are not limited to:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
We may disclose personal information and statistical information about our Users to organisations to produce social analytics dashboards and to provide insights on social activity created by Users of the Service. We use this aggregate data to offer reporting to third party retailers who are registered to use the Service, to help them better understand their visitors. We also provide these third-party retailers with personal information of Users who have recommended their products via the Service.
We use an external company, Trustpilot A/S (“Trustpilot”), to collect your feedback which means that we will share your name, email address and reference number with Trustpilot for the Purpose. If you want to read more about how Trustpilot process your data, you can find their Privacy Policy
here
Information you upload to the Service may also be viewed by other Users.
We may disclose your personal information to comply with laws:
When we believe it necessary to comply with laws or regulations.
To assist law enforcement.
To enforce the terms under which you transact or communicate with or via the Service.
To protect the rights, property or safety of WeShop, Users or third parties.
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk, enforcing or applying our terms of use and other agreements and protecting the rights, property or safety of WeShop, our Users or third parties.
To the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of WeShop or its assets in the event that WeShop is sold or transfers some of its assets to another party. The personal information we hold about you will be one of the transferred assets.
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between countries that may be located outside of the UK or European Economic Area (‘EEA’), such as the United States of America. Please be aware that the information you provide may therefore be  transferred to countries which may not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the UK and EEA, such as the United States of America.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing of your personal information, both within and outside of the UK and EEA.
How do we protect your personal data?
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration of or unauthorised access to your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers.
Please note that data transmission over the internet is not always secure, and although we will do our best to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet. Any transmission of data is at your own risk.
You are responsible for keeping your login details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you sign in to the Site).
Lawful Bases for Processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include “consent” (where you have given consent), “contract,” where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the WeShop Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact Customer Support.
You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to your Settings.
Cookie Policy
The Service uses cookies. By using the Service, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. For information about cookies and how they are used by this Service, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts and communication controls. We offer you Settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you:
Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g. if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g. if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. See
how to contact us
.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 16. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible, notifying the individual concerned in the process. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please
contact us
immediately.
Other websites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linking to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link from any aspect of our Service, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third parties that you authorise to access your user content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your user content you do so at your own risk.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
Changes to your personal information
Please contact us if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact Customer Support in the first instance, through our mobile app or at
https://help.we.shop/
.
Alternatively, you can write to us at:
WeShop Holdings Limited, 3 Hardman Street, Manchester, United Kingdom, M3 3HF
We are registered with the Information Commissioner (“ICO”) with registration number ZA080651