Privacy Policy
1. Overview
WISHUPON respects your right to privacy. WISHUPON provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and
        procedures regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of information that apply to our Service, as
        well as your choices regarding the collection and use of information.
WISHUPON is a service that allows to save products and wish list from any online stores and to get sale alerts
        for your collected wish(products).
2. Personally Identifiable Information
To use the WISHUPON service, an email address, username and password are required. Also you will be required to
        register by providing us as well as your birth date, and gender. We use personally identifiable information to
        deliver the Service, to comply with reasonable requests of law enforcement and recommend additional content to
        you. You are not required by law to provide us with any such information, but by using the Services and agreeing
        to the Terms you agree to provide us with such information.
We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual (“Personally Identifiable Information”)
        only when you provide such information directly to us in connection with the Service. We ask for Personally
        Identifiable Information such as your name and e-mail address when you register for the Service, or if you
        correspond with us (in which case we will also retain our responses). We may also retain any messages you send
        through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service.
3. Erasure of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you. To delete
        any personal information, you can delete your account in the Wishupon app. You may go to your Wishupon
        “Settings” and tap “Manage Account.” Then, you will see “Delete My Account.” When you log in again, you
        successfully remove your personal information. If you have any problems or requests, please email
        hello@wsupon.com.
4. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We also collect and use information about your interactions with the Service in a manner and format that does
        not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). We may collect, use, and disclose
        Non-Personally Identifiable Information as set forth below.
Wish list information: When you save products using our button(“Wish it” or “Save”), we collect data
            regarding the product that you tagged. This data includes the title, product name, price, image, store name,
            color, size, description, your rating, meta-tag and the url to the applicable third-party online store. When
            you buy products using WISHUPON application, website, blogs or any email links, we collect data regarding
            the product that you purchased. This data include purchase amount, date of purchase and name of online
            store.
Analytics Information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for
            the Service. These tools collect information sent by your application as part of a page request and other
            information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information in
            aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
Log File Information: When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certain log file
            information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol
            (“IP”) address, device type, number of wish lists, product information, and how you interact with links on
            the Service, online store names, landing pages, and other such information. In addition, when you use
            WISHUPON certain information may be automatically gathered about your computer, browser, operating system,
            geo-location, IP address or mobile device, or in respect of any other of your activities using the Services.
5. Security
WISHUPON is very concerned with safeguarding your information. WISHUPON uses commercially reasonable
        safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. To
        protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify
        your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of
        your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from
        WISHUPON, at all times.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during
        transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
        electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
        your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will delete any information provided to
        us by a user upon the receipt of a written (including via email) request by such user. We cannot restore
        information once it has been deleted.
6. Referral Service and Requesting References
WISHUPON provides a referral service that allows you to invite your friends and contacts to use WISHUPON. We may
        integrate the Platform with third party sites such as Facebook, so that you can send invitation messages or
        requests for references via the third party site itself.
You may also send invitation/request emails via the Platform itself, in which case we will ask you for the
        contact information to which to send your invitation/request. You can type in the email addresses or other
        contact information manually, or you can choose to import the contacts in your address book(s). In both cases,
        we may use and store this information for the sole purposes of allowing you to send your friends and contacts an
        invitation or request for a reference, and for fraud detection and prevention. With respect to referrals, we
        will also store the email addresses of your invitees to track if your friend joins WISHUPON in response to your
        referral.
7. Third Party Sites and Services
Portions of the Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using
        websites or services belonging to third parties. The Services may also provide you with links to access the
        websites of third-party vendors or retailers. We have no control over third-party websites or services, and all
        use of third-party websites or services is at your own risk. WISHUPON cannot accept responsibility for the
        privacy policies of any such websites. WISHUPON is not responsible for content or available by means of such
        websites or services. WISHUPON does not endorse any products offered by third parties and we urge our users to
        exercise caution in using third-party websites or services.
Affiliate Partners
When you click on a link to a merchant site presented on our Services to start a shopping journey, you evidence
        your intent to interact with that business through our Services, and thereby are directing us to disclose
        certain information about you (including the link you clicked in our Services and a unique ID assigned to track
        that your shopping originated from our Services) to an affiliate network as a publisher to properly account for
        your purchases. The Affiliate Partner will collect Internet and Network Activity information about your use of
        our Services in relation to the merchant site, products, or offers. Our Affiliate Partners collect this
        information to track the shopping journey, but certain of them may also use this information to contribute it to
        their own user profiles and/or combine it with information they collect elsewhere, which they may make available
        for use by their other clients business clients.
        Please see our
Cookie Policy
for information as to how we use cookies in relation to the Services.
8. Children
WISHUPON does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 14. In the event you become
    aware that an individual under the age of 14 has enrolled without parental permission, please advise us immediately.
9. Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Website:
wishupon.company
Email:
hello@wsupon.com
WISHUPON may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to review it
        periodically.
Updated: 20 April 2022