This website uses cookies to personalize and improve your site experience, to enable us to analyze the traffic and usage of the website, to remember your settings and privacy choices, and to support our marketing and sales efforts. By selecting "Accept," you agree that De'Longhi Group may collect data about you and use cookies or related technologies as described in our Privacy and Data Processing Policy.
If you wish to make more granular choices, please select "Manage Settings".
Read our Cookie Policy
Accept Essential Only
Accept
Manage Settings
J
Back to homepage
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WHO WE ARE
De’Longhi Group considers the protection of personal data of third parties, in its possession, as very important and is committed to protect the privacy of said third parties included, but not limited to, its customers, when carrying on its business, and it pays particular attention to the security and confidentiality of its customers’ personal data.
This Privacy Notice applies to all personal data collected by De’Longhi Group (De’Longhi S.p.A., De’Longhi Appliances S.r.l. and its subsidiaries) from De’Longhi Group’s website and other sources, and describes how De’Longhi Group uses and protects the personal data.
WHICH PERSONAL DATA MAY BE COLLECTED
The following categories of personal data relating to you may be collected:
Contact data
– information on your name, place and date of birth, tax code, address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, email address;
Interests
– information you have provided regarding areas that interest you, for example products you find interesting;
Other personal data
– informations you have provided regarding your date of birth, education, professional situation;
Social Log-In
- information related to your Social account as well as other data you have given to the Social Network used to log in to the Website, which may be disclosed according to the privacy preferences that you have set on this Social Network.
Use of the website
– information on how you use the website, how you open or forward our communications, including information acquired via cookies (see our Cookie Policy
[here]
which regulates the details).
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
De’Longhi
collects and processes your personal data in the following circumstances:
if you register on our website / download our App to use its functionalities, also through the Social Log-in;
if you contact us to request after-sales assistance;
if you respond to our marketing activities, for example when you complete a reply card or submit your data online on one of our websites;
if you fill out paper forms of registration that are collected in various ways (during demonstrations, cooking classes, promotions or events);
if other Group companies as well as our business partners provide data about you in a manner that is permitted.
If you provide personal data on behalf of someone else, you must first ensure they have read this Privacy Policy.
Kindly help us to keep your personal data up-to-date by informing us of any changes. Any change in address should be promptly communicated to De’Longhi in order to avoid problems in the use of our services.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES CAN YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE USED
The processing of personal data must be justified by one of the legal basis established by existing data protection regulations, as described below.
a) Establishment and execution of contractual obligation and resulting obligations, including communications regarding services (for example to perform after-sales services)
De’Longhi may process your Contact data in order to establish and execute a contractual relationship, to provide services requested or to respond to reports or complaints.
De’Longhi may also use your contact details, particularly your email address, to provide you with information concerning the service.
Legal bases for the processing: performance of a contract.
The provision of data is obligatory to enable us to manage the contractual relationship; in the absence of the data, we will be unable to put the contract into effect.
b)
Operational management and strictly-related purposes, for access to the website, particularly secure areas, also through the Social Login system - to simplify registration operations using the information already given to your Social Network.
De 'Longhi may process the contact details to enable you to complete the registration procedure on the Site and allow you to access your Personal Area in order to: (i) download from your Personal Area documents relating to the services you have purchased; (ii) process the other requests made through the website.
Registration to the Site may take place, where you voluntarily decide to use it, even with the Social Log-In mechanism. In this way you will not have to enter the data necessary for registration (such as contact details), which will instead be communicated by the Social Network through which the Log-In is carried out. Please note that in this case De'Longhi may process the data of the Social Log-In, that is not only those related to your Social account but also any other personal data that could be made visible according to the preferences you have set or according to the policy on the privacy of the same Social Network. We invite you, therefore, to read the privacy statement of your Social Network, also for further information on these preferences.
Legal bases for the processing: performance of a contract. to allow you to register on the Site, provided that you are not obliged to use the Social Log-In to complete the registration.
With reference to the registration, the Company also specifies that it has implemented a Single Sign-On system, under which the registration made on the Site will be valid for all sites managed by the Company, with reference to the "De'Longhi" brands "Braun "And" Kenwood ", or
www.delonghi.com
,
www.kenwoodworld.com
,
www.braunhousehold.com
.
c)
In this way it will not be necessary to provide the Contact Data again if you register with one of the aforementioned sites. However, to safeguard the choices made by the user, any consent to treatment for marketing and marketing profiled issues released within a brand (for example on the site www.kenwoodworld.com/it) will be used only for advertising material related to this specific brand.
d) Customer Satisfaction surveys (
client to check)
De’Longhi may use your Contact data to carry out surveys aimed at measuring customer satisfaction in relation to the service provided.
Legal bases for the processing: legitimate interest of the Company to verify and improve the quality of their services
e) Marketing to meet your needs or to inform you of promotions, also based on your preferences
(we have also included profiled marketing)
De’Longhi may processes your Contact data for marketing and advertising purposes, to inform you of promotional sales initiatives via automated means of contact (email, SMS and other mass communication tools, etc.) and traditional contact methods (e.g. by telephone), such as for market research and statistical surveys, if you give us your consent and within the limits of the consent declaration
De’Longhi may also processes your Contact data, Interests and Other personal data, in order to send you advertising communication, based on a specific customer profile designed on your personal preferences and interests, if you give us a specific consent and within the limits of the consent
Legal bases for the processing: consent  a failure to give consent in no way affects the contractual relationship.
Your consent may be revoked at any time by visiting My Account > Marketing Preferences
Communication to other De’Longhi Group companies for marketing purposes too.
De’Longhi may communicate your Contact data to other De’Longhi Group companies for for activities strictly connected to the treatments referred to in points a) b) c) above.
Legal bases for the processing: the assumptions of the mentioned points are recalled.
De’Longhi may communicate your Contact data to other De’Longhi Group companies for marketing and advertising purposes, to inform you of promotional sales initiatives via automated means of contact (email, SMS and other mass communication tools, etc.) and traditional contact methods (e.g. by telephone), such as for market research and statistical surveys, if you give us your consent and within the limits of the consent declaration
Legal bases for the processing: consent, a failure to give consent in no way affects the contractual relationship.
Your consent may be revoked at any time by visiting My Account > Marketing Preferences
f) Compliance with legally-binding requests by the legal authorities to discharge obligations of law, regulations or provisions
De Longhi collects your personal data to comply with legal obligations.
Legal bases for the processing: legal obligations with which the Company must comply.
HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA SAFE
The Company uses a wide range of security measures to improve protection and maintain the security, integrity and accessibility of your personal data.
All your personal data are stored on our secure servers (or on secure paper copies) or on those of our suppliers or commercial partners, and may be accessed and used based on our standards and our security policies (or equivalent standards for our suppliers or commercial partners).
The security measures we have adopted include:
severe restrictions on access to your personal data, based on necessity and solely for the purposes communicated;
perimeter security systems to prevent unauthorised external access;
permanent monitoring of access to IT systems to identify and stop the misuse of personal data;
tracking of access to your personal data by internal personnel and verification of the related purpose;
using encrypted means via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology for transactions on our website that require the entering of personal data.
Where we have provided you with (or you have chosen) a password to allow you to access our website, application or services, you are responsible for keeping this password secret and for complying with any other security procedure we inform you of. Please do not share your password with anyone.
HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION FOR
We will keep your personal data only for the length of time necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected or for any other related and lawful purpose. Therefore, if your personal data are processed for two different purposes, we will keep the data until the lengthier purpose is achieved. However, we will cease to process the personal data collected for the purpose whose retention period has expired.
We limit access to your personal data to only those individuals who need to use them for the appropriate purposes.
When your personal data are no longer required, or when there is no longer any legal precondition for keeping them, they will be irreversibly anonymized (and in such a way may be stored) or securely destroyed.
The retention periods relating to the different purposes described above are indicated to follow:
a) Compliance with contractual obligations: data processed to comply with any contractual obligation may be kept for the duration of the contract and in any case no longer than the subsequent 10 years, in order to verify any outstanding issues including accounting documents (e.g. invoices).
b) Operational management and strictly-related purposes for access to the website: data processed for these purposes may be kept for the duration of the contract and in any case no longer than the subsequent 10 years.
c) Customer Satisfaction surveys: data processed for these purposes may be kept 5 years from the personal data collection (except where you decline to receive further communications).
d) For marketing purposes, including profiled marketing: data processed for marketing purposes may be kept for 5 years from the date on which you provided your consent for this purpose (except where you decline to receive further communications); for profiled marketing purposes, data will be kept for 12 months.
e) In the event of disputes: should it be necessary for us to defend ourselves or take action or bring claims against you or third parties, we may keep the personal data we deem reasonably necessary for such purposes, for the length of time it takes to pursue the claim.
WHO WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH
Your personal data may be accessed by duly-authorised employees and by external suppliers, appointed, if necessary, as data processors, who support us in providing services.
For the purposes of the performance of their activities and to follow up on the above mentioned purposes your personal data may also be accessed by other De Longhi Group companies.
CONTACTS
Should you have any questions regarding our processing of your personal data, kindly or contact us by: email
dpo.privacy@delonghigroup.com
.
For any questions or concerns regarding the present Privacy Statement you can also the De’Longhi Group web site of  your country and to be linked to the correct address or e-mail address to use.
YOUR PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS AND YOUR RIGHT TO FILE COMPLAINTS BEFORE THE SUPERVISORY AUTHORITIES
On certain conditions, you are entitled to request:
access to your personal data,
a copy of the personal data you have provided to us (‘portability’),
the adjustment of data in our possession,
the deletion of any data for which the legal precondition for processing no longer exists,
to deny processing for direct marketing purposes,
to revoke your consent, in cases where the processing is based on consent,
to limit the way in which we process your personal data.
The exercising of the above rights is subject to certain exceptions that are intended to safeguard the public interest (e.g. the prevention or identification of crimes) and our interests (e.g. maintaining professional secrecy). Should you wish to exercise any of the above rights, we will check that you are entitled to do so and will usually respond within one month.
Last update on 04/03/2019
Loading...
Your account is almost ready
J
J
J