Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 22, 2022
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our app or website. This includes your name, email, and Facebook name (if you opt for it) at the time of registration. We will not post anything to your Facebook account without your explicit permission. We do not have access to your passwords or any other info that is meant to be private.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs).
To improve our app (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you).
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs).
To send periodic emails to tell you about new features or offerings, obtain your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with the site. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Deleting Your Information
If you would like for us to delete all information associated with your account, please email us at
hello@instaread.co
with the email subject "DELETE ACCOUNT". Deleting your account is an irreversible action. It will erase all of your personal data including first name, last name, username, email address, photos, payment history, app activity history as well as any and all of your information used to personalize your experience. It can take upto 30 days to delete your account. We will send confirmation via email when your account has been deleted. Note that the information we collect is used to improve and personalize your user experience. We do not sell any of your information to third parties.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by sending an email to
hello@instaread.co
.
clear
Key Insights from Bestsellers
Enjoy access to bestselling book summaries and premium content from our partners, all available in 15-minute audio or text segments.
By submitting your email address, you acknowledge that you agree to and have read our
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.