Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA PURSUANT TO ARTICLES 13 AND 14 OF REGULATION (EU) 679/2016 (General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR)
This policy pertains to the processing of personal data of users data
subjects ) who access and use the services provided through the apps and
social platforms of Digitalmoka (collectively “Services”).

The Services are accessible through apps that can be downloaded from stores
for mobile devices (eg. App Store or Google Play Store, hereinafter
referred to as “Apps”) or through online gaming platforms connected to
social networks (e.g. Facebook, hereinafter referred to as “Social
platforms”)

This policy is provided only for the Apps and Social Platforms through
which Digitalmoka delivers its Services and not for the Apps, Social
Platforms and third-party websites accessible through hyperlinks contained
therein, for which the Controller is in no way liable.

We specify, as of now, that the personal data of users who access and use
the Services may also be processed by third parties, as independent
Controllers. Concretely, this occurs for the managers mobile device stores
(eg. Google Ireland Limited, Apple Distribution International Ltd., etc.)
or of the Social Platforms (e.g. Facebook Ireland Limited) which process
user data for their own purposes and with autonomously determined means
(for example, to allow the acquisition of additional content or services or
in the context of their own marketing activities), as better specified in
the rest of this disclosure.
1. Data Controller
The Controller is “Digitalmoka S.r.l.”, with registered office in Via Ostiense 387b 00145 Rome (hereinafter “DIGITALMOKA” or “Controller”).
2. Nature of data provision
To use the Services, the user may be required to provide the personal data
necessary to ensure their use: for example, in order to fill in the contact
forms available on the Apps and Social Platforms, users must provide their
e-mail address, in order to respond to communications sent. In any case, it
is specified that the user is free to provide the requested data or
otherwise, in the sense that he/she is not legally obliged to provide them:
failure to provide the data indicated as necessary, however, makes it
impossible for DIGITALMOKA to provide the service required.
3. Types of data processed, purposes and legal basis of the processing
The processing operations are carried out with reference only to data
attributable to the user’s identity, which can be classified as personal
data pursuant to art. 4, par. 1 n. 1 of Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (GDPR), to
be understood as “any information relating to an identified or identifiable
natural person”.

Indeed, the use of the Services does not necessarily require the
identification of the user. In particular:
to use the Services through the Social Platform, access to the user’s
personal account (Social Account) is required. In this case, when the user
first logs in, the username associated with the Social Account of the
interested party will be changed in order to avoid direct identification
and associated with a new account created by DIGITALMOKA (DIGITALMOKA
Account): following this change and on the occasion of subsequent accesses
through the Social Platform, the user will be recognized through the new
nickname associated with the DIGITALMOKA Account. The profile picture
relating to the Social Account, however, will not be changed and can be
viewed by other Users. If this image allows for the User to be identified
and can therefore be qualified as personal data, Digitalmoka will carry out
the related processing exclusively for purposes related to Service
provision;
When Services are used through the App, an account will be automatically
assigned to the User the first time they log in through their device
(DIGITALMOKA Account). It should be noted that the creation of the
DIGITALMOKA Account does not involve the collection of personal data of the
user, who is identified through an ID associated with the device used;
however, the user has the possibility of associating his Social Account
with the DIGITALMOKA Account: in this case, DIGITALMOKA may be able to
identify the user and process their data for purposes related to the
Service provision; it should be noted, however, that even if the
DIGITALMOKA Account is associated with the user’s Social Account,
DIGITALMOKA will proceed, as illustrated in the previous point, to change
the username associated with the Social Account of the data subject, which
will not be processed further.
The user can always change the nickname associated with their DIGITALMOKA
Account, through the appropriate function available in the “PROFILE”
section: in this case, if the nickname chosen by the user contains personal
data referring to the same, such as to allow identification, the same data
will be processed by Digitalmoka as Controller.
Given the above, it is specified that the types of data listed below can be
considered personal data and are, therefore, subject to processing only
when they can be associated with the identity of the data subject (for
example, in the event that the chosen nickname contains data susceptible to
identify the user, such as name and surname, or if the User logs in via the
Social Platform or associates the DIGITALMOKA Account with their Social
Account with a profile photo that makes it identifiable).

The types of data processed include, in particular:
3.1 navigation data
During the user’s navigation on the Apps and on the Social Platforms, the
computer systems used to operate them automatically acquire some
information whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet
communication protocols.

This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of devices used
by Users, URI/URL (Uniform Resource Identifier/Locator) of requested
resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request
to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical
code indicating the status of the response from the server (successful,
error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the User’s operating system
and computer environment.

These data are processed for the purpose of:
ensuring the correct functionality of the Apps and social platforms and the
usability of the Services;
obtaining aggregated and anonymized statistical information relating to the
use of the Apps and Social Platforms (such as, for example, most visited
pages, number of visitors by time or day, geographical areas of origin,
etc.). With the express consent of the data subject, such information may
be associated with an anonymous identifier (“Advertising ID”) and
communicated to DIGITALMOKA’s business partners, who will be able to
process it for their own purposes and according to their own personal data
processing policies.
3.2 data provided by the data subject
DIGITALMOKA processes the data submitted voluntarily by the user for
purposes related to the provision of the Services. The legal basis of the
processing is, therefore, constituted by the execution of a contract of
which the data subject is a party, pursuant to art. 6, par. 1, lett. b) of
Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (GDPR).

In particular, the personal data provided by the data subject may be
processed for the following purposes:
in relation to the data provided through the personalization functions
available within the Apps and Social Platforms, in order to allow the user
to customize their profile, modifying or entering new data associated with
their DIGITALMOKA Account (such as, for example, nicknames, avatars, lists
of friends etc.). These data could be viewed by other users, in order to
improve the user experience of the Services and encourage interaction
between the users;
in relation to the data provided through the use of chat, where available,
in order to allow the user to exchange opinions and suggestions with other
users;
in relation to the data provided by filling in the contact forms (in
particular, e-mail address and any other personal data included in the
message sent by the user) in order to obtain support requests and, more
generally, communications from the data subject.
3.3 data relating to the user’s activity
DIGITALMOKA collects some personal data generated through the user’s
interaction with the Apps and Social Platforms, for purposes related to the
provision of the Services. The legal basis of the processing is, therefore,
constituted by the execution of a contract of which the data subject is
party, pursuant to art. 6, par. 1, lett. b) of Regulation (EU) 679/2016
(GDPR). Such data could be viewed by other users, in order to improve the
User experience of the Services and encourage interaction between users and
include, by way of example:
game score;
game level;
game rankings, in which the User can view their own positioning and that of
other players;
list of opponents;
data relating to game options and use of the Services (e.g. type of playing
cards, background, sound activation, etc.);
data relating to purchases of Virtual Money, Virtual Goods and
Subscriptions and the virtual credit associated with the DIGITALMOKA
Account.
3.4 data acquired from third parties
DIGITALMOKA receives some personal data regarding the user from third
parties and processes them for purposes related to the provision of the
Services. The legal basis of the processing is, therefore, constituted by
the execution of a contract of which the data subject is a party, pursuant
to art. 6, par. 1, lett. b) of Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (GDPR), or, in some
cases, by virtue of the consent of the data subject, pursuant to art. 6,
par. 1, lett. b) of Regulation (EU) 679/2016 (GDPR). Such data may include,
for example:
information associated with the Social Account of the data subject (if they
log in via the Social Platform or associate the Social Account with the
DIGITALMOKA Account). These data are communicated by the manager of the
Social Platform (e.g. Facebook Ireland Limited) and may include, in
particular:
the username and profile picture, subject to the express consent of the
data subject, in order to allow access to and use of the Services through
the Social Platform or the association of the Social Account to the
DIGITALMOKA Account. In this case, as specified above, the username
associated with the Social Account will be processed by DIGITALMOKA for the
sole purpose of creating a new nickname, used to identify the data subject
within the Social Platform and viewable by other users, without
identification data attributable to the data subject (for example, if the
username associated with the Social Account is Mario Rossi, the new
nickname created by DIGITALMOKA and associated with the DIGITALMOKA
Account, could be Mario R.);
the list of friends / social contacts of the user who use the same
Digitalmoka application, subject to the express consent of the same, in
order to improve the experience of using the Services and encourage
interaction between users;
data relating to purchases of content or additional services in real
currency, made by the user within the stores available in the Apps and
Social Platforms. It should be noted that, in this case, DIGITALMOKA is not
part of the sales contract, which exists exclusively between the user
(buyer) and the manager of the store for mobile devices (e.g. Google
Ireland Limited, Apple Distribution International Ltd., etc.) or the Social
Platform (e.g. Facebook Ireland Limited) employed for the use of the
Services: the processing activities related to the management of
transactions, therefore, are carried out by the same managers as
independent Controllers and according to their own privacy policies, to
which DIGITALMOKA remains extraneous. DIGITALMOKA exclusively collects and
processes the data transmitted by the managers, once the purchase has been
made, in order to attribute to the user the advantages connected to the
same in the context of the Services offered (e.g. credit on the DIGITALMOKA
Account of Virtual Goods, Virtual Money o Subscriptions, deletion of
advertising messages, etc.).
4. Methods and duration of the processing
The processing will be carried out using paper and / or IT tools, by
natural person authorized to do so, who operate under the direct authority
and according to the instructions given by the Controller, with processing
strictly related to the purposes indicated and, in any case, in such a way
as to guarantee the security and confidentiality of the data processed.

The processing operations are carried out in such a way as to guarantee the
security of data and systems. Specific security measures are adopted in
order to minimize the risk of destruction or loss, even accidental, of the
data, of unauthorized access, of processing that is not permitted or does
not comply with the purposes indicated in these guidelines.

However, the security measures adopted do not allow for the risk of
interception or compromise of personal data transmitted via telematic
devices to be absolutely ruled out. It is therefore recommended to verify
that the device employed by the user is equipped with software systems
suitable for the protection of the telematic transmission of data, both
inbound and outbound (such as, for example, updated antivirus systems,
firewalls and spam filters).

The data being processed will be kept for a period not exceeding that
necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected and
subsequently processed. In particular:
the data under 3.2.a) will be kept until they are deleted or modified and,
in any case, until the user’s DIGITALMOKA Account is deleted;
the data under 3.2.b) will be kept until the end of the individual game,
for chats between users participating in the same game and, for chats
taking place outside of a game, for six months from the last interaction of
one of the users participating in the chat;
the data under 3.2.c) will be kept for the time necessary to provide a
response to the data subject;
the data under 3.3 will be kept for the time necessary to ensure the use of
the services and features to which they refer (for example, the data
relating to the game options and the use of the Services will be kept until
any modification of the same) and, in any case, until the deletion of the
DIGITALMOKA Account;
with regard to the data under 3.4.a).i: the username associated with the
Social Account of the data subject, acquired if the Services are accessed
through the Social Platform or association of the Social Account with the
DIGITALMOKA Account, will be kept until creation of a new nickname
associated with the DIGITALMOKA Account; the new nickname created by
DIGITALMOKA and the profile image will be kept until they are modified and,
in any case, until the deletion of the DIGITALMOKA Account or the User’s
Social Account or the withdrawal of consent, whichever occurs first;
the data under 3.4.a).ii will be kept until the deletion of the DIGITALMOKA
Account or the User’s Social Account or, in any case, until the data
subject revokes their consent for the processing;
the data under 3.4.b) will be kept for the time necessary to ensure the use
of the Services and functions to which they refer (for example, the data
relating to the purchase of Virtual Goods, Virtual Money or Subscriptions,
will be kept as long as they are present on the DIGITALMOKA Account) and,
in any case, until the deletion of the DIGITALMOKA Account.
It is also specified that the DIGITALMOKA Account will be deleted in the
event of user inactivity for a period equal to or greater than 180 days: in
this case, all personal data associated with the same DIGITALMOKA Account
will be deleted or made anonymous.
5. Categories of recipients
The personal data of the data subject may be communicated to:
specifically authorized collaborators and employees of the Data, within the
scope of their duties;
commercial partners of DIGITALMOKA (subject to the express and free consent
of the interested party), who will process the data subject to
communication as independent Controllers and for their own purposes;
providers of the Services offered through the Apps and Social Platforms or
related to the functioning of the same.
Under no circumstances will personal data be communicated, disseminated,
sold or otherwise transferred to third parties for illegal purposes and, in
any case, without providing suitable information to the data subject and
obtaining their consent, where required by law. Any communication of data
at the request of the judicial or public security authorities, in the
manner and in the cases provided for by law, remains unaffected. With the express consent of the interested party, the data may be transferred to servers located in the United States, whose legal regime does not guarantee a level of protection equivalent to that in force within the European Union in accordance with the GDPR. It should be noted, however, that standard contractual clauses have been signed with the importer, which constitute adequate guarantees pursuant to art. 46, par. 2, lett. c) of the GDPR.
6.Rights of the data subject
The data subject has the right to access their personal data, to request
their correction, updating and deletion or limitation, if incomplete,
erroneous or collected in violation of the law, as well as to oppose the
processing for legitimate reasons or obtain portability.

Specifically, the data subject shall have the right to obtain from the
controller confirmation as to whether or no personal data concerning him or
her are being processed , even if it has not yet been recorded, and to its
communication in intelligible form.

The data subject concerned also has the right to obtain information on:
the purposes and methods of data processing;
the logic applied in case of processing carried out with the aid of
electronic devices;
the identification details of the Controller, of the Processors and of the
subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be
communicated or who can learn about them in their capacity as natural
person acting under the authority of the controller or the processor who
has access to personal data.
The data subject has the right to obtain:
the updating, rectfication or integration of their data;
the erasure, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data
processed in violation of the law, including those that do not need to be
kept for the purposes of the processing;
the restriction of processing, when one of the situations referred to in
Article 18 GDPR occurs;
the attestation that the operations referred to in letters a), b) and c)
have been brought to the attention of those to whom the data have been
communicated or disseminated, except in the case in which this fulfillment
proves impossible or involves the use of means manifestly disproportionate
to the protected right;
the transmission of data concerning them, provided to the Controller and
processed on the basis of the express consent of the data subject for one
or more specific purposes, in a structured, commonly used and machine
readable format. Pursuant to art. 20 GDPR, the interested party also has
the right to transmit such data to another controller without impediments
and, if technically feasible, to obtain the direct transmission of personal
data from one controller to another.
if the processing is based on consent, to withdraw their consent at any
time (pursuant to Article 7, paragraph 3 of the GDPR).
The data subject has the right to object, in whole or in part:
the processing of personal data concerning them for legitimate reasons,
even if relevant to the purpose of collection;
the processing of personal data concerning them for the purpose of sending
advertising or direct sales material, or for carrying out market research
or commercial communication.
automated decision-making processes that significantly affect their person.
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every
data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
authority, in particular in the Member State of their usual residence,
place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
7. Exercise of rights
The above rights are exercised with a request addressed to the Controller,
by sending an e-mail message to the address privacy@digitalmoka.com. The
request is formulated freely and without formalities by the data subject,
who has the right to receive suitable feedback within a reasonable
timeframe, depending on the circumstances of the case.

The data subject may make use, for the exercise of their rights, of
non-profit bodies, organizations or associations, whose statutory
objectives are of public interest and which are active in the field of
protection of the rights and freedoms of the interested parties with regard
to the protection of personal data, providing, for this purpose, a suitable
mandate. The data subject may also be assisted by a person of trust.

It is possible to receive more information on the purposes and methods of
processing personal data by writing to privacy@digitalmoka.com and
indicating “Privacy” in the subject line.

To find out about your rights, lodge a complaint and always be updated on
the legislation on the protection of individuals with regard to the
processing of personal data, the data subject can contact the personal Data
Protection Authority, by consulting the website at the address
http://www.garanteprivacy.it/.
8. Miscellaneous
The original text of this information is drawn up in Italian and the
Italian text is the only one that will be authentic in the relationship
between the data subject and the Controller.

It should be noted that, for the convenience of the data subject, this
information is also available in English: it is understood, in any case,
that any translation is provided solely for facilitative purposes and that
in any case of conflict or discrepancy, the Italian version will remain
prevailing and legally binding in the relations between the Controller and
the data subject, without prejudice to DIGITALMOKA’s exemption from any
liability deriving from translation defects.
Information updated in September 2022