Privacy Policy & Data Protection Agreement (DPA)
Last update: 12.06.2024
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your data.
Service Provider
The
“FLYLOG"
application (the “App”), available at
www.flylog.io
,
app.flylog.io
,
Apple App Store
,
Google Play Store App
, is owned and operated by Breele s.r.o, Limited Liability Company (LLC), Czech Republic, European Union.
The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect and Receive
We only collect and use your personal information for legitimate reasons. In this instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you.
All personal data is processed electronically in an automated manner and stored in encrypted form in multiple databases to ensure maximum security.
We process your personal data for the duration of the contractual relationship between us and for as long as necessary after the end of the contractual relationship (conditions specified in our
Terms of Use
). If there is no longer any purpose for processing certain personal data, this personal data will be deleted.
We collect and store personal data related to your App profile that you voluntarily provide to us when you register or continue to use the App.
1.1. Personal Data
First and last name
Email address
Company details  (Company name, ID number, VAT number) - valid for corporate customers
Geographic location
Time zone
Flight data (if uploaded)
Planned flight route data (if uploaded)
Licences and certifications (if uploaded)
Contact list (if uploaded)
Other documents (if uploaded)
1.2. Log Data
Whenever you use our service, or in the event of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) known as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as:
Your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address
Device name
Operating system version
App configuration when using our service
Time and date of your use of the service and other data
1.3. Access to Your Mobile Device
We may ask you to access or enable certain features from your mobile device, such as location services, to be able to use some of the App features. You can do so in your device settings if you want to change your access or permissions.
1.4. Push Notifications
We may send you notifications relating to your account or App. To opt out of receiving these types of communications, you can turn them off in your device settings.
1.5. Online CV Function
FLYLOG is providing a feature to create an online CV with own flight experience available for other users or for potentional employers. This feature is enabled by default, but users can disable their online CV at any time. More information available at the
Manual Page
.
1.6. Public User profile
By creating an account, you agree that your basic profile details (as name, avatar, total flight hours) will be visible to other users on the platform.
2. Tracking Technology
2.1. Cookies
As you browse our website, we collect information to identify your session, the duration of your visit, and the page you arrived from. To process this data, we use cookies, which fall under the category of personal data processing.
Our website uses cookies for two purposes:
For statistical records and web traffic measurement
To save your setting preferences (e.g. about your preferred language)
For marketing purposes such as remarketing and behavioural targeting
2.1.1. Consent via Browser Settings
The user determines in the settings of browser settings whether the browser should allow the website to store cookies on the end device. This setting can be considered as consent to using cookies.
2.2.Web Analytics
We collect cookies to measure website traffic and analyse visitor behaviour. This information is evaluated as a whole and is anonymized, making it very difficult to identify any individual without considerable professional effort.
We rely on Google Analytics (Google LLC) to monitor and analyse our site’s usage, which is a web analytics website provided by Google to track and report website traffic. Google uses the data collected to monitor and track site usage. You can view their privacy policy by clicking
here
.
2.3. Remarketing and Behavioural Targeting
This type of service allows our website and its partners to inform, optimise and serve advertising based on past use of our website by the user.
This activity is facilitated by tracking usage data and by using trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioural targeting activity.
2.3.1 Google Ads Remarketing (Google LLC)
Remarketing and behavioural targeting service provided by Google LLC that connects the activity of this Website with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
In order to understand Google’s use of Data, please check
Google’s partner policy
.
Users can opt out of Google’s use of Trackers for ads personalisation by visiting
Google’s Ads Settings
.
2.3.2. Facebook Remarketing (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Remarketing and behavioural targeting service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects the activity of this Website with the Facebook advertising network. Meta Audience Network Policy available
here
.
2.4. Email Marketing Services
We use Mailjet as a provider of email service for transactional emails and marketing email campaigns. You can view their privacy policy by clicking
here
.
2.5. Payment Systems
We use Stripe and PayPal Braintree as a providers of transactional payments. For Stripe privacy policy navigate
here
, for PayPal Braintree privacy policy click here
here
3. Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
We have Data Processing Agreements (DPAs) in place with all third-party service providers who process personal data on our behalf. These agreements ensure that your data is handled in compliance with GDPR requirements and that appropriate technical and organizational measures are in place to protect your data.
4. Data Security
We store your data securely with Google Cloud and use strong encryption to protect it. While we strive to keep your information safe, please remember that no online storage is completely risk-free. More details about certification and compliance are available
here
.
5. Links to Other Websites
This App may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that we do not operate these external sites. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for any third-party sites or services’ content, privacy policies, or practices.
6. International Data Transfers
When we transfer personal data outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we ensure that it is protected by appropriate safeguards. These may include:
Standard Contractual Clauses: We use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure that your data is protected when transferred to countries outside the EEA.
Adequacy Decisions: We transfer your data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection by the European Commission.
7. Age Limitations
We do not provide services to anyone under 18. We do not collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn a child under 13 has given us personal information, we will delete it immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has given us information, please contact us.
8. Account Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into your profile through the App and visiting your profile page or account settings page.
9. Data Deletion
Users can request to delete their data anytime in the account settings available on the profile page by using the “DELETE MY DATA” option. To learn how to delete your data, please, refer to the
User Manual
.
When we receive a request for deletion, any data that is deemed non-critical will be retained for a maximum of 30 days, during which time we will ensure that such data is completely deleted from all databases and backups. After 30 days of your account deletion request, your account and all your information will be permanently deleted.
10. Emails and Communications
To stop receiving promotional emails, click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any such email. You’ll still get important emails about your account and our services.
11. Data Ownership & Copyright
You are solely responsible for legality of data uploaded to the FLYLOG service by you or your automated device (smartphone, personal computer, etc.). By using our service, you consent to use this data for FLYLOG marketing purposes and for improving the service’s functionality. FLYLOG will not provide this data to any third party for commercial or non-commercial purposes without your explicit consent.
12. Your Consent
You may not use our App without first giving your consent to this Policy. By giving such consent, this Policy becomes binding on you.
13. Data Protection Officer
For questions about data protection, contact our Data Protection Officer at
support@flylog.io
.
14. Contact Information for Data Protection Authorities
If you have a complaint, contact your local data protection authority.
15. Changes to This Privacy Policy & DPA
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check this page regularly for any changes. We will notify you of any updates via email. The revised policy will be effective as soon as it’s posted here.