※Privacy in Scratch Fun
In order to provide services, we would like to provide this privacy policy to inform you how we collect and manage the personal information and the rights you deserve. If you do not agree to any of these terms, please do not use the services.
※Application
This privacy policy applies to how our services manage any identification collected as user using our services and how we share identification to our partners. This privacy policy does not apply to any other company or individual which our services do not corporate with or hire.
※Information you provided
When using our services, the information you provide before playing, using services, browsing website or applying for event of Scratch Fun, we will ask you to provide related personal information.
※Personal Information Use
Your personal information will not be revealed, rented or sold to third party without your agreement. We will not use your personal information on any other purpose without informing you in advance. However, we are not able to guarantee under the conditions below:
1. When your behavior violates the terms of service or may influence the rights of Scratch Fun to damage any individual, we believe that it is required to reveal your personal information for recognition, contact or legal purpose.
2. Due to public safety, if government organization asks Scratch Fun to reveal certain personal information, Scratch Fun will follow legal procedure to corporate.
3. Scratch Fun believes it is required to reveal your personal information for legal purpose based on goodwill.
※Personal Information Modification and Deletion
When playing games of Scratch Fun, you can contact us (yousee.design.inc@gmail.com) for assistance in editing or deleting your personal information.
※Links to websites outside Scratch Fun
When using our services, other site links may be able to connect to. Scratch Fun cannot guarantee your privacy on other sites. Therefore, it is recommended to read privacy policy on other sites before leaving Scratch Fun games.
※Changes
Scratch Fun’s Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post revised privacy policy on our website.
※《開心刮刮樂》所提供之服務隱私權相關說明
《開心刮刮樂》重視您的隱私權，在此提供使用《開心刮刮樂》各項服務時，有關個人資訊方面在蒐集、管理的方式，說明如下，若您不同意本說明之做法，請勿使用《開心刮刮樂》相關服務，或請與我們聯繫，告訴我們您的想法。
※隱私權保護政策適用範圍
本隱私權政策適用內容，包括《開心刮刮樂》如何管理在使用者使用服務時收集到的身份識別資料，也包括《開心刮刮樂》如何管理在與夥伴合作時分享的任何身份識別資料。本隱私權政策不適用於《開心刮刮樂》以外的公司，也不適用於非《開心刮刮樂》所僱用或管理的人員。
※您提供的資料
加入《開心刮刮樂》遊戲時、使用《開心刮刮樂》的產品或服務、瀏覽《開心刮刮樂》網頁、參加宣傳活動或贈獎遊戲時，我們會依需求記錄您的遊戲數值，或視情況依需求請您提供一些必須的個人資料。
※《開心刮刮樂》對個人資料之使用
《開心刮刮樂》對於您個人資料之使用，僅在蒐集之特定目的及相關法令規定之範圍內為之。除非經由您的同意或其他法令之特別規定，絕不會將您所登錄的個人資訊揭露、租借或轉售給第三者，或是將您的資料使用於未事先告知您的其他用途。但在以下（但不限於）狀況下，我們將無法提供前述保證：
1. 當您使用本服務的行為，違反《開心刮刮樂》的服務條款或可能損害或妨礙《開心刮刮樂》權益或導致任何人遭受損害，而我們相信揭露您的個人資料是為了辨識、聯絡或採取法律行動之必要。
2. 司法單位或其他有權機關因公眾安全，要求《開心刮刮樂》公開特定個人資料時，《開心刮刮樂》需在司法單位合法正式的程序，及對《開心刮刮樂》所有使用者安全之考量下，做可能必要的配合。
3. 基於善意相信揭露您的個人資料為法律所需要。
※《開心刮刮樂》對個人資料的修改與刪除
當您加入《開心刮刮樂》服務，您可以聯繫我們(yousee.design.inc@gmail.com)協助更改或刪除您原先提供的資料，但不包括您以往之服務內容記錄。
※連結網頁的使用
當您使用《開心刮刮樂》各項服務時，可能會需要使用網頁超連結功能，連結至其他網站之網頁，此時《開心刮刮樂》將無法繼續提供連結至其他網站後的隱私權保護，請先閱讀該網站所提供的隱私權條款，再決定您是否繼續接受該網站的服務。
※隱私權保護政策之修正
《開心刮刮樂》隱私權保護政策將因應需求隨時進行修正，以落實保障您隱私權之立意。