This Privacy Policy governs your use of the software application: The Metronome by Soundbrenner (the “Mobile Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Soundbrenner Limited. The Mobile Application is helping musicians to follow the rhythm.
Soundbrenner Limited and/or its subsidiary(ies) and/or affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Company”) pledges to meet fully with the requirements of Cap 486 of the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance of the Laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. In doing so, the Company will ensure compliance by its staff to the strictest standards of security and confidentiality in respect of all personal information and data submitted by users via
www.soundbrenner.com
, its sub-domains, and any other websites, media platforms, or applications including the Mobile Application operated by the Company (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Channels”) and the Company will not release such information to anyone without the prior consent of the relevant user(s) of the Channels (whether registered or not) (the “User” or the “Users”), except to the authorized persons listed in Paragraph 3 below.
Users are strongly recommended to read this Privacy Policy carefully in order to understand the Company’s policy and practices with regard to the treatment of personal information and data provided by Users on the Channels. This Privacy Policy is applicable to both registered and non-registered Users, and the provisions herein may be updated, revised, varied, or amended from time to time as the Company deems necessary.
If Users have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, they should first contact the Customer Service Representative of the Company’s Customer Service Department at +85258086623 or email to
support@soundbrenner.com
.
1. Purpose of Collection of Personal Data
In the course of using the Channels, Users may disclose or be asked to provide personal information and/or data. In order to benefit from and enjoy the various services offered by the Channels, it may be necessary for Users to provide the Company with their personal information and/or data. Although Users are not obliged to provide the information and/or data as requested on the Channels, the Company will not be able to render certain services on the Channels in the event that Users fail to do so.The Company’s purposes for collection of information and data on the Channels include but are not limited to the following:
to perform the daily operation of the services provided to Users;
to identify Users who have posted advertisements, materials, messages, photos, views, or comments or such other information (collectively “Information”) on the Channels;
to identify Users who have viewed the Information posted on the Channels;
to provide Users with marketing and promotional materials for their enjoyment of benefits as members of the Channels (for further details, please refer to Paragraph 4 entitled “Subscription of Newsletter/Promotional Materials/Marketing Materials” below);
to identify Users who have enjoyed their benefits as members of the Channels by receiving and using marketing and promotional materials;
to provide Users with a platform and forum for posting photos and sharing and discussing their insights;
to allow members of the Channels to enjoy their benefits as members by enrolling for special events hosted by the Company;
to enable the Company to select and present information that matches the needs of Users or to create personalized contents;
to design and provide products and services to Users in relation to the above purposes;
to compile and analyze aggregate statistics about Users’ use of the Channels and service usage by Users for the Company’s internal use; and
to facilitate the Company use of Users’ personal data for purposes relating to the provision of services offered by the Company and marketing services, special events, and/or promotions of the Company and/or its clients.
The Company strives to collect only personal data which is necessary and adequate but not excessive in relation to the purposes set out above.
If the User is under the age of 18, the Company strongly recommends that he or she seeks prior consent from a parent or guardian, who may contact the responsible personnel of the Company at
support@soundbrenner.com
to register the User as member of the Channels.
If the Company requires the User’s personal data for a purpose other than those set out herein above, the Company may request the User’s prescribed consent to the same. If the User is a minor, the prescribed consent should be given by his or her parent or guardian.
2. Collection of Personal Data
The Company may collect personal information and/or data about the User, such as his or her name, login ID and password, address, email address, phone number, age, sex, date of birth, country of residence, nationality, education level, and work experience that is not otherwise publicly available. Occasionally, the Company may also collect additional personal information and/or data from the User in connection with contests, surveys, or special offers.
In the Android version of our Mobile Application we may request permission to access your geolocation, even when our mobile app runs in the background. You will only be asked to grant this permission if you are trying to pair one of our wearable devices to your mobile device. We use this permission to enable our wearable devices to automatically reconnect back to the mobile device after it disconnected. We do not use this data otherwise, and we never share your geolocation data with third parties.
Only duly authorized staff of the Company will be permitted to access the User’s personal information and data, and the Company shall not release such personal information and data to any third parties save and except for the circumstances listed out under the Paragraph 3 entitled “Disclosure or Transfer of Data”.
3. Disclosure or Transfer of Data
The Company agrees to take all practicable steps to keep all personal information and data of Users confidential and/or undisclosed, subject to the following conditions.v
Generally speaking, the Company will only disclose and/or transfer the User’s personal information and/or data to the Company’s personnel and staff for the purpose of providing services to the User. However, the Company may disclose and/or transfer such information and/or data to third parties under the following circumstances:
where the information and/or data is disclosed and/or transferred to any third party suppliers or external service providers who have been duly authorized by the Company to use such information and/or data and who will facilitate the services on the Channels, under a duty of confidentiality;
where the information and/or data is disclosed and/or transferred to any agents or associates of the Company who have been duly authorized by the Company to use such information and/or data;
where the Company needs to protect and defend its rights and property;
where the Company considers necessary to do so in order to comply with the applicable laws and regulations, including without limitation compliance with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on the Channels; and
where the Company deems necessary in order to maintain and improve the services on the Channels.
Personal data collected via the Channels may be transferred, stored, and processed in any country in which the Company operates. By using the Channels, the User is deemed to have agreed to, consented to, and authorized the Company to disclose and/or transfer his or her personal information and data under the circumstances stated above, as well as to any transfer of information (including the Information) outside of the User’s country.
4. Subscription to Newsletter, Promotional Materials, or Marketing Materials
The Company may from time to time send to members and Users of the Channels newsletters, promotional materials, and marketing materials based on the personal information and data that they have provided to the Company. The Company may use the User’s data in direct marketing and the Company requires the User’s consent (which includes an indication of no objection) for that purpose. In this connection, please note that:
the name, login ID and password, contact details, age, sex, date of birth, country of residence, nationality, education level, and work experience of the User held by the Company from time to time may be used by the Company and/or its authorized personnel or staff in direct marketing;
the following classes of services, products, and subjects may be marketed:
Based on the instrument users play or other characteristics set up in the user profile we may customize newsletters users receive. Users can always unsubscribe from newsletters;
products and services offered by the Company and its advertisers (the names of such entities can be found in the relevant advertisements and/or promotional or marketing materials for the relevant products and services, as the case may be); or
donations and contributions for charitable and/or non-profit making purposes;
the above products, services, and subjects may be provided or (in the case of donations and contributions) solicited by the Company and/or:
third party service providers providing the products, services, and subjects listed in Paragraph 4.1(b) above; and
charitable or non-profit marking organisations;
in addition to marketing the above services, products, and subjects itself, the Company also intends to provide the data described in Paragraph 4.1(a) above to all or any of the persons described in Paragraph 4.1(b)(ii) above for use by them in marketing those services, products, and subjects, and the Company requires the User’s written consent (which includes an indication of no objection) for that purpose; and
the Company may receive money or other property in return for providing the data to the other persons in Paragraph 4.1(b)(ii) above and, when requesting the User’s written consent as described in Paragraph 4.1 above, the Company will inform the User if the Company receives any money or other property in return for providing the data to the other persons.
Suitable measures are implemented to make available to such members the options to opt out of receiving such materials. In this regard, Users may choose to sign up or unsubscribe for such materials by logging into the registration or user account maintenance webpage, or by clicking on the automatic link appearing in each newsletter/message, or by contacting the Customer Service Representative of the Company at +85258086623 or email to
support@soundbrenner.com
.
5. Access
Any User is entitled to request access to or make amendments to his or her own personal information and data kept with the Company by contacting the Customer Service Representative of the Company at +852 5808 6623 or email to
support@soundbrenner.com
.
In the event that a User wishes to access or amend his or her personal information and data, the Company may request him or her to provide personal details in order to verify and confirm his or her identity. A HKID card number or passport number or business registration certificate number cannot be amended unless such data is proved to be inaccurate. The Company is required to respond to a User’s request within 30 days of his or her request and will endeavor to do so wherever possible.
6. Cookies and Log Files
The Company does not collect any personally identifiable information from any User whilst they visit and browse the Channels, save and except where such information of the User is expressly requested. When Users access the Channels, the Company records their visits only and does not collect their personal information or data. The Channels’ server software will also record the domain name server address and track the pages the Users visit and store such information in cookies, and gather and store information like Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data in log files. All these are done without the Users being aware that they are occurring.
The Company and third-party vendors engaged by the Company use the Company’s cookies and third-party cookies, such as the Google Analytics cookies, together to inform, optimize, and serve marketing materials based on the Users’ past visits to the Channels.
The Company does not link the information and data automatically collected in the above manner to any personally identifiable information. The Company generally uses such automatically collected information and data to estimate the audience size of the Channels, gauge the popularity of various parts of the Channels, track Users’ movements and number of entries in the Company’s promotional activities and special events, measure Users’ traffic patterns, and administer the Channels. Such automatically collected information and data will not be disclosed save and except in accordance with the Paragraph 3 entitled “Disclosure or Transfer of Data”.
7. Mixpanel Analytics
We use Mixpanel analytics, an analytics service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”). Mixpanel may collect information about your mobile app usage activity over time. For more information on how Mixpanel collects and uses this data, please go to
www.mixpanel.com/terms
.
To opt out of the use of Mixpanel Analytics with respect to your data, please go to
www.mixpanel.com/optout
.
8. Amplitude Analytics
We use Amplitude analytics, an analytics service provided by
Amplitude, Inc
(“Amplitude”). Amplitude may collect information about your mobile app usage activity over time. For more information on how Amplitude collects and uses this data, please go to
https://amplitude.com/terms
.
To opt out of the use of Amplitude, open our Mobile Application
→ go to
"Settings"
→
"About"
→ "Privacy Policy" and turn off the switch "Amplitude data collection".
9. Facebook Analytics
We use technologies, such as cookies, to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic inside the app. We also share information about your use of our app with our trusted social media, advertising and analytics partners. For information about how Facebook uses cookies and other storage technologies, visit
www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
.
10. Links to Other Websites, Media Platforms, or Applications
The Channels may provide links to other websites, media platforms, or applications which are not owned or controlled by the Company. Personal information and data from Users may be collected on these other websites, media platforms, or applications when Users visit such websites, media platforms, or applications and make use of the services provided therein. Where and when Users decide to click on any advertisement or hyperlink on the Channels which grants Users access to another website, media platform, or application, the protection of Users’ personal information and data which are deemed to be private and confidential may be exposed in these other websites, media platforms, or applications.
Non-registered Users who gain access to the Channels via their accounts in online social networking tools (including but not limited to Facebook) are deemed to have consented to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and such Users’ personal data which they have provided to those networking tools may be obtained by the Company and be used by the Company and its authorized persons in and outside of the User’s country for the purpose of providing services and marketing materials to the Users. These Users are deemed to have consented to the Company and its authorized personnel’s.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.soundbrenner.com/hc/en-us/articles/900001246623-Privacy-policy-website:
Skip to main content
Knowledge base
Soundbrenner Limited is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with our
Terms of Service
for our website and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
1. Information collection
In order to provide a better service to you, we may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our site
www.soundbrenner.com
(our site). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information at other times, for example in connection with a promotion or when you report a problem with our site;
if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
we may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders;
details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access.
We only retain personal data for so long as it is necessary. Data may be archived as long as the purpose for which the data was used still exists.
2. Uses made of the information
The purposes for which information may be used by us in and outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region include:
ensuring that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
providing you with alerts, newsletter, education materials or information that you requested or signed up to;
carrying out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
allowing you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
designing and conducting surveys/questionnaires for client profiling/segmentation, statistical analysis, improving and furthering the provision our products and services;
complying with laws and regulations applicable to us or any of our affiliates in or outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region;
legal proceedings, including collecting overdue amounts and seeking professional advices;
researching, designing and launching services or products including seminars/events/forums;
promoting and marketing services and products subject to your exercise of the opt-out right (please see further details in clause 2 below); or
purposes directly related or incidental to the above.
We intend to use your data in direct marketing and we require your consent (which includes an indication of no objection) for that purpose. In this connection, please note that:
your name, contact details (including address, contact number, email address), products and services information, transaction pattern and behaviour, background and demographic data held by us from time to time may be used by us in direct marketing;
the following classes of services, products and subjects may be marketed in direct marketing:
services and products related to our site and/or our affiliates (including marketing affiliates programs we are a part of);
reward, loyalty or privileges programmes, promotional offers and related services; and
invitations to events such as seminars/webinars/tele-seminars, conferences, live programs or events.
We may conduct direct marketing via fax, email, direct mail, telephone and other means of communication or send e-newsletters to you. You may choose not to receive promotional materials, by simply telling us (see below for contact details), and we will cease to do so, without charge.
3. Disclosure of your information
We will keep the personal data we hold confidential but may provide information to:
personnel, agents, advisers, auditors, contractors, financial institutions, and service providers in connection with our operations or services;
our overseas offices, affiliates, business partners and counterparts (if any);
persons under a duty of confidentiality to us;
persons to whom we are required to make disclosure under applicable laws and regulations in or outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region; or
actual or proposed transferees or participants of our services in or outside the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
4. Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
We may use the following third party web analytic services on the website. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyse how visitors use the website. The information collected through these means (including IP address) is disclosed to these service providers, who use the information to evaluate use of the website. These analytic services may use the data collected to contextualise and personalise the marketing materials of their own advertising network.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics is in accordance with their policies:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
You can prevent Google's collection and processing of data by using the Google Ads Settings page or downloading and installing their browser plug-in (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
).
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
5. Security
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
6. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page.
7. Data transfers
We may hold your data on servers in Hong Kong and any other territories as we see fit from time to time. We may also transfer your data to our overseas offices or to any people listed at clause 3.1 above, who may be located in or outside of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
8. Your consent and rights
By using our service, making an application or visiting our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information and other activities as outlined in this policy.
Under the Hong Kong Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (the "Ordinance"), individuals have the right:
to check whether we hold personal data about you and to access such data;
to require us to correct as soon as reasonably practicable any data relating to you which is inaccurate;
to ascertain our policies and practices in relation to personal data and the kind of personal data held by us; and
to object to the use of your personal data for marketing purposes and we shall not use your personal data for marketing purposes after you communicate your objection to us.
You may exercise your opt-out right by notifying us if you wish to object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Please send requests for such objections, access to data, correction of data, information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data held, questions or complaints to:
Name: Soundbrenner Limited
Address: 15/Floor, Workington Tower, 78-80 Bonham Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
Email:
support@soundbrenner.com
In accordance with the terms of the Ordinance, we have the right to and may charge a reasonable fee for processing any data access request.
9. Governing law and jurisdiction
Nothing in this Privacy Policy shall limit the rights of the data subject under the Ordinance. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Hong Kong courts.
Articles in this section
Terms of use mobile app
Privacy policy mobile app
Terms of use website
Privacy policy website
Terms of sale e-commerce store
Terms of warranty
Terms of paid services
Sections
Soundbrenner Core (English)
Soundbrenner Pulse (English)
App
Sync to DAWs
Terms for shipping, warranty & more
Search Support...