The first week is on us
Start your 7-day free trial
Explore Sweat
Programs
Trainers
Exercises
Articles
Fitness
Wellbeing
Nutrition
Community
Community
Support
7-day free trial
Explore Sweat
Articles
Community
Support
7-day free trial
Sweat
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice is effective as of 25 June 2024.
We, at Sweat, take the protection of your Personal Data very seriously. This Privacy Notice tells you more about what Personal Data we collect from you, how and why we collect it, who we share it with, and what rights you may have over your data.
If you live in certain countries, we need to give you additional information which can be found at the end of this Privacy Notice under the "
Additional Information
" section.
You can navigate to the relevant section of this Privacy Notice by clicking on the links below:
What Is and Is Not Covered By This Privacy Notice?
Who is responsible for processing your Personal Data?
What Personal Data do we collect about you and how do we collect it?
Why and how do we use your Personal Data?
What legal bases do we have for processing your Personal Data?
How do we protect and manage your Personal Data?
Where do we store and transfer your Personal Data?
Who do we share your Personal Data with?
Your privacy rights and choices
How do we use cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Links to other websites
Updates to this Privacy Notice
How can you contact us?
Additional Information
1.
What Is and Is Not Covered by this Privacy Notice?
This Privacy Notice addresses “you” (the data subject) and applies to:
Members
: This Privacy Notice applies to the Personal Data we collect directly from you or about you as a customer (“
Member
”) of the Sweat app (“
App
”), including if you are a current paying Member, on a free trial, begin to sign up to the App but do not complete your sign up or continue to use the App, or are a departed Member and no longer use the App but keep an account on the App, as well as when we provide Member support services to you.
Forum and Blog Users
: This Privacy Notice applies to the Personal Data we collect directly from you or about you when you interact with our blog and forum available online at forum.sweat.com and via the Sweat App ("
Forum
").
Website and Social Media Users
: This Privacy Notice applies to the Personal Data we collect directly from you or about you through your use of our website (www.sweat.com), any other website or microsite which links to this Notice (“
Website
”), and our social media pages.
Business Contacts
: When you interact with us in a professional capacity, we may collect some Personal Data from and about you.
We refer, collectively, to the App, Forum, Blog, and Website as Sweat's "
Platform
".
This Privacy Notice does not apply to:
Sweat Staff and Job Applicants:
This Privacy Notice does not apply when we collect the Personal Data of Sweat employees, job applicants, contractors, business owners, directors, officers, and other staff.
Information Which Does Not Constitute Personal Data:
If we do not maintain information in a form that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual or household, such information is not considered Personal Data and this Privacy Notice will not apply to our processing of that information.
External websites or services:
Our electronic messages or online services, including our Websites, App, Forum may contain links to other websites owned and run by third parties. We are not responsible for the handling of your Personal Data by those websites and recommend you review the privacy notices of those websites.
2. Who is responsible for processing your Personal Data?
The Bikini Body Training Company Pty Ltd
(ACN 162 849 701) (referred to as "
Sweat
", "
we
", "
us
" or "
our
") provides the Platform and related services to you as set out in our
Terms of Use
. Sweat is headquartered in Australia.
Sweat is the "controller" (or “business”) for the Personal Data we collect as described in this notice. This is because we decide how and why your Personal Data is collected and processed via the Platform.
Our contact information is at the end of this Privacy Notice. If you have any questions, you can always reach us using the contact information or via dataprotection@sweat.com.
3. What Personal Data do we collect about you and how do we collect it?
What is my Personal Data?
"
Personal Data
" has different meanings given to it in the data protection laws applicable to you (“
Data Protection Law
”). It generally includes any information or opinion relating to you which allows us to identify you, such as your name, phone number, social media name or ‘handle’, member ID, postal address, email address, details of products or services you have purchased, payment details and information about your access to our Platform.
How do we collect your Personal Data?
We may ask for and collect your Personal Data either directly through your use of the Platform, when you communicate with us in any way, or indirectly through our third party partners (such as TikTok, Meta, Google, and Snap) or providers such as via our social media pages, or when your friend refers you to the Platform. We may also collect information from you automatically when you visit our Platform using certain online tracking technologies, like cookies, which are described in our Cookie Policy available at the following webpage:
sweat.com/cookie-policy
, which may be set by us or our third party partners.
What categories of Personal Data do we collect about you?
Specifically, in the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of your Personal Data:
Account Information
: First and last names, email address, and date of birth. This is mandatory information which we require when you open a user account on the Platform ("
User Account
") using your email address. Once you have created an account, Sweat generates a member ID which is a unique set of numbers used to identify you. When you have elected to sign up and log into the Platform using a third-party account you created (e.g., through Facebook, Apple, Google), we collect the information you have agreed to make available to us (e.g., name, email address, app ID, profile information, preferences). This information is collected by those third-party account providers (e.g., Facebook, Apple, Google) and disclosed to Sweat under their privacy policies. You can control what data we receive by changing your privacy controls in your third-party account.
Health information
including height, weight, and pregnancy status.
Workout information
provided by you on the Platform or generated through your use of the Sweat App. For example, your fitness goals, training preferences, workouts completed, and duration of workout.
Preferences
in your User Account and use of the Platform.
Forum information
about yourself which you choose to post or share in the Forum.
Voluntary information
you provide about yourself which you choose to share with us. For example, via a free text field when completing workout reviews, giving feedback to us about your experience in the Platform, completing member surveys, etc.
Payment information
, such as your transaction details, if you purchased items  directly on the Platform or from our third-party providers.
Note
we do not receive or store payment information for your Sweat membership itself as this is handled by our payment providers.
Usage information
about how you use the Platform.
Communications
with us or directed to us via letters, emails, chat services, chatbot, and social media.
Where you have selected particular services or features on the Platform (e.g. scheduling your workouts, sharing your fitness activities with friends through social media platforms), your
photos, audio, contacts and calendar information, as well as your social network information
(including credentials and any information from your public posts about Sweat or your communications with us).
Referral information
: When you have sent a referral link to a friend, colleague, or family member or been referred to Sweat by a friend, we may be able to identify the identity of the person who referred you or who you referred.
Social media information
: Any information you share in a social media post where you tag, use a hashtag, link, or otherwise direct the post to our attention.
Your
location
where the IP address of your computer or device is used to determine your region (e.g., USA, Australia, UK) so that we can customise your experience on the Platform (e.g. language settings).
Technical information and log files
, such as data about your device, network information, data collected through online tracking technologies which are described in our Cookie Policy available at the following webpage:
sweat.com/cookie-policy
.
Health and Sensitive Information
We collect health and other sensitive information from you in the following instances:
Voluntarily provided by you
: If you are a Member and/or Forum user you may choose to enter your health information into the Sweat App, like your height or weight, or whether you are pregnant. If you choose to participate in a voluntary pregnancy-related survey or elect a pregnancy-related workout program,  you will also provide information about your health and pregnancy which is considered sensitive data under Data Protection Laws.  Some of the Platform’s functionalities (
e.g.
free text fields) may allow you to enter information you want to share with Sweat that could be of a sensitive nature. These free text fields may appear completing workout reviews, submitting feedback on your experience of the Platform, or when completing customer surveys. You may also choose to share potentially sensitive information when interacting with our support team.
Inferences:
Sweat may infer information about your health, including information about your medical conditions or requirements, as well as data on your physical characteristics from this information about your preferences or data submitted to it.
Linked Devices:
You may choose to connect a third-party device (like an Apple Watch or fitness tracker) to the Platform and enable that device to share your fitness activity or health information (e.g., heart rate, steps, water intake) it collects with Sweat. Sweat also shares that data back to Apple and Google. You can manage what data your device shares with Sweat (and what information Sweat shares with your device) at any time within the Apple Health or Google Fit application on your device.
To learn more about how you can manage what data your Apple device shares with and receives from Sweat, please refer to this
page
.
To learn more about how you can manage what data your Android device shares with and receives from Sweat, please refer to this
page
.
It is entirely your choice whether or not to share your health information with Sweat. You do not need to share it to use the Platform. If you do not, you may not be able to use
some
functionalities such as tracking weight loss progress or participating in a pregnancy program.
In certain countries, we need to obtain explicit consent from you before we collect your health information. If you consent to this processing, you may always later withdraw your consent to the processing of your sensitive information at any time within the Profile Menu in the Sweat App or by contacting us. Withdrawing consent will not prohibit you from using the Sweat Platform, but some functionality across the Platform, like tracking weight loss progress or participating in a pregnancy program, could be disabled or may not function properly.
4.
Why and how do we use your Personal Data?
Your Personal Data is used for the following purposes:
Provide access and features of the Platform, the products and services you request, and improve our Services:
We use the Personal Data you give us to provide the Platform and the products and services you request, including:
to create, set up, and secure your User Account and provide you access to the Platform;
to fulfill any orders for products that you place on the Platform, including to communicate with you about the orders and to process information for our internal accounting, billing and audit purposes;
if you use the Platform to track your fitness activity, we will collect and store this information so that you can review it on the Platform and track your progress. We may also use this information to calculate further information about your activity so that this can be provided to you as part of the functionality of the Platform;
to customize your user experience. For example, provide you with suggested workouts and trainings based on your preferences or historical workouts;
We may also perform data analysis based on the data we collect from you for statistical and marketing analysis purposes – for example, we may use information about how users of our Platform search for and find specific workouts to better understand the best ways to organise and present the content that we offer. We use third-party analytics providers to gain deeper insights into how you use our Services.
if you choose to post in the Forum, the information that you share will be public information that can be accessed by anyone whether or not they are a part of the Sweat community. As the information posted to the Forum is public information, it will also be indexed and accessible via third party internet search engines, websites and apps. For further information about how content posted in the Forum is publicly available, please refer to our
Forum Community Guidelines
.
Communicate information about our products and services and for other targeted promotional purposes:
With your consent, or as otherwise permitted by applicable Data Protection Law, we will use your Personal Data to provide information that we believe is of interest to you, prior to, during, and after your interactions with us, including marketing communications and news concerning our products, services, events and other promotions. We use cookies, pixels and other similar tracing technologies to provide us with analytics, provide measurement, and for ad targeting. These tracking technologies may be set by us or our third party partners such as TikTok, Meta, Google, Snap.
You can opt-out at any time after you have given your consent to such communications. In providing tailored promotional materials to you, Sweat may use the personal information collected through your use of the Platform, such as the user preferences you set and profile data you submit, any fitness activity data generated through your use of the Platform.
Customer service communications:
We use your contact information to manage our relationship with you as our customer and to improve our services and enhance your experience with us (e.g. to respond to your inquiries when you reach out to us).
From time to time, we may also conduct customer surveys to gauge satisfaction with our Platform and the services and products that we provide. If you voluntarily complete a survey, we will collect and analyse your responses to improve our Services and Platform.
Administrative or legal purposes:
We use your Personal Data to operate our business, including for statistical and marketing analysis, systems testing and to diagnose technical and service problems, maintenance, and development of our Platform, or in order to deal with a dispute or claim.
We use your date of birth to check that you are legal age in your country. Please note that individuals must be of legal age in their respective countries to use the Platform. Please refer to our Terms of Use.
We use your ZIP/post code to assess which Data Protection Laws apply to you and to respond to your privacy rights requests.
Security, health, administrative, crime prevention/detection and legal purposes:
We may use your Personal Data to verify your information and identity, and to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other unlawful activities.
We may also share your Personal Data with government authorities or enforcement bodies for compliance with legal requirements, or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable Data Protection Law.
Other purposes:
We may also use your Personal Data in other ways, and where we do so, we will provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent unless otherwise permitted by applicable Data Protection Law.
5.
What legal bases do we have for processing your Personal Data?
In some countries, such as the European Economic Area and United Kingdom, we need to have a legal basis to process your Personal Data. Our processing of your Personal Data for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice is done pursuant to the following legal basis:
As necessary to comply with or fulfill our legal obligations. For example, we need to collect your date of birth to ensure you are old enough to use the Platform.
The processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you, such as providing you with our services on the Platform. Where we receive your Personal Data as part of providing our Services to you based on a contract, we require such Personal Data to be able to carry out the contract. Without that necessary Personal Data, we will not be able to provide our services to you;
If it is in our legitimate interests to do so as a business. For example, to improve the functionality of our Platform or conduct system testing and to diagnose technical and service problems, maintenance, and development of our Platform;
Where you have consented to our using your Personal Data.  For example, for the collection of data pertaining to your health status or for direct marketing;
Where you have made such information is manifestly made public; and
To protect your vital interests or those of another person (e.g. in case of a medical emergency).
Special Category Data or Sensitive Data
Personal details including about your physical or mental health are considered “sensitive” Personal Data under applicable Data Protection Law. We will process any such data only if you have given your explicit consent, or it is necessary (for instance, if you request special assistance), or if the sensitive Personal Data has been manifestly made public by you (e.g., by posting information about your health/fitness status in the Forum), or otherwise in compliance with applicable Data Protection Law.
You may withdraw your consent for Sweat’s processing of your sensitive Personal Data in the Profile Menu in the App at any time. To manage what data your Linked Device shares with Sweat, please refer to the instructions in Section 3 above. As described more fully below, you may always contact us with any questions or requests about your Personal Data.
6.
How do we protect and manage your Personal Data
Security
We follow strict security procedures in the collection, storage, and disclosure of your Personal Data, which are designed to protect it against misuse, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and accidental loss, destruction or damage. The data you provide to us is protected using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology. SSL is the industry standard method of encrypting Personal Data and credit card details so that they can be securely transferred over the internet. We use industry-standard encryption algorithms when we store your data in our systems.
Retention of your Personal Data
We will not retain your Personal Data for longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is being processed. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the purposes for which we process it, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
We also consider the periods for which we might need to retain Personal Data in order to meet our legal obligations, or to deal with complaints and queries, and to protect our legal rights in the event of a claim being made.
In general, this means that we will likely keep your Personal Data for as long as your User Account is open. Following deletion of your User Account, however, we may still retain a limited portion of your Personal Data so that we can maintain a continuous relationship with you if and when we are in contact with you again, and to comply with our internal processes and any legal obligations.
When we no longer need your Personal Data, we will securely delete or destroy it. We may also fully anonymise your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you or identify you, in which case we may use that information without further notice to you.
Information that you have shared in the Forum will remain public even after you have closed your Forum account. When you choose to delete content that you have posted to the Forum, the information will not be deleted from third party websites, apps or internet search engine indexes instantly as removal of the content depends on third party policies.
7.
Where do we store and transfer your Personal Data?
Sweat is headquartered in Australia but operates its business in multiple countries around the world.
The Personal Data that Sweat collects from you will be processed and stored in Australia, the United States of America, and the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Sweat will share your Personal Data with its service providers (e.g., customer support providers such as Zendesk, digital advertising providers such as Google and Meta), partners, and affiliates to help provide the services to you. Therefore, the Personal Data that you provide to Sweat may be transferred to countries other than the country in which you initially provided your Personal Data or where Sweat is located. Sweat takes measures to ensure the protection of your Personal Data by its service providers.
If you are a user in the EEA or UK:
While countries outside the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom do not always have strong privacy and data protection laws, we take measures to protect your Personal Data in compliance with applicable Data Protection Law. We require all third-party data recipients (including our service providers and partners) to process your information in a secure manner and in accordance with the Data Protection Law (e.g., through the signing of the appropriate data processing agreements and EU Standard Contractual Clauses). If you have further questions about this or would like to request copies of the applicable safeguards, please contact us.
8.
Who do we share your Personal Data with?
We share your Personal Data with the following:
Other Users of the Platform if you have selected particular services or features on the Platform (e.g. scheduling your workouts, sharing your fitness activities with friends through social media platforms).
If you joined Sweat via a referral link sent to you by one of your contacts (like a friend, family member, or colleague), we may let that contact know you’ve created a Sweat account, and provide them a referral bonus as a result.
Third party social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Snap, Google in various circumstances, including where:
you are able to access third party social media services through our Platform or before coming to our Platform;
you connect your User Account to your social media account, in which case we will receive from the social media platform the Personal Data you choose to share, based on the preferences and settings on your social media account. We will use this information in order to improve and personalise your use of our Platform;
third party social media sites have placed cookies or pixels on our website, or we have placed their cookies on our website;
you post or otherwise participate in competitions, events, or direct your social media posts to us via a hashtag, tag, link, etc.; and
we use social media plugins on our Platform (e.g., a “share” or “like” button), and your use of these plugins, may result in the disclosure of some of your information to the social media platform in question, and possibly presented on your social media profile, to be shared with others in your network – however, we will only share your Personal Data with these social media platforms if you have provided your express consent for us to do so.
Please refer to the privacy policy of those third-party social media platforms to find out more about these practices.
Please note that Sweat and Meta are joint controllers of the joint processing and that the information required by Article 13(1)(a) and (b) EU and UK GDPR can be found in Meta Ireland's Privacy Policy at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. Further information on how Meta processes personal data, including the legal basis that Meta relies on and the ways to exercise data subject rights against Meta, can be found in Meta’s Privacy Policy.
Other companies, contractors or agents that assist us in providing services to you, including , support ticketing (which may include Zendesk), legal services, debt collection, administration services, customer services and information technology support.
Only where you have provided consent, other companies, contractors or agents in connection with our marketing efforts, or marketing platform providers.
Government authorities, law enforcement bodies and regulators for compliance with legal requirements, or where otherwise required by applicable Data Protection Law.
Our legal and other professional advisers in order to enforce our legal rights in relation to our contract with you.
Where you choose to post information in the Forum, the information that you share will be public information which can be viewed by anyone (whether or not they are a part of our community). Information posted in the Forum will be indexed to third party internet search engines (such as Google), websites and apps. For further information about how information that is posted in the Forum is used, please refer to our
Forum Community Guidelines
.
Where you choose to link a third-party wearable device (like an Apple Watch), workout completion and other information may be transferred back to the wearable in order for you to track fitness progress using that device. You can manage this data transfer in the settings panel of your wearable’s app, as discussed above.
We may also transfer your Personal Data to potential buyers in the event that we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization or dissolution / liquidation), under strict non-disclosure restrictions, and solely in order to allow a buyer to determine whether to proceed with the transaction, or where such a determination is made, to complete it.
9.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
You may have the right to:
Transparency
You have the right to request information about whether we hold Personal Data about you, and, if so, what that information is and why we are holding/using it.
Access
You may request access to your Personal Data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Correction
You have the right to request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Erasure
You can request erasure of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data where you have exercised your right to object to processing.
Object
You may object to processing of your Personal Data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling
You may also object to automated decision-making including profiling, that is not to be subject to any automated decision-making by us using your Personal Data or profiling of you.
Restriction of Processing
You have the right to request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Transfer
Request transfer of your Personal Data in an electronic and structured form to you or to another party (commonly known as a right to “data portability”). This enables you to take your data from us in an electronically usable format and to be able to transfer your data to another party in an electronically usable format.
Withdraw Consent
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your Personal Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time by contacting us. You can also withdraw your consent for the processing of your health information within the Profile Menu of the App. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes to which you originally agreed, unless we have another proper and legitimate basis for doing so.
Complain
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with the body regulating data protection in the country or state / province in which you live. If the GDPR applies to our processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you are not satisfied with how we process your Personal Data. Specifically, you can lodge a complaint in the Member State of the European Union of your habitual residence, place of work, or of the alleged violation of the GDPR.
How to Exercise Your Rights?
If you wish to exercise your rights related to your Personal Data (including the rights set out above), please contact the Sweat team using the contact information at the end of this notice or via customer support on the Platform..
While you will generally not be required to pay a fee to access your Personal Data or to exercise any of your other statutory rights, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly completely unfounded, excessive or declines to comply with such requests where permitted by applicable Data Protection Law.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it and to prevent unauthorised modification of your Personal Data.
10. How do we use cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
For more information about the online tracking technologies we use, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
available at the following webpage:
sweat.com/cookie-policy
.
11.
Links to other websites
Our Platform may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. If you visit any website linked to our Platform, you are subject to that website’s own privacy policies. We strongly suggest you review those third-party policies. To the extent any linked websites are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites.
12.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
Sweat may revise and update this Privacy Notice at any time by posting an updated Privacy Notice on the Platform. All changes to the Privacy Notice are effective immediately when posted to the Platform and apply to all access to and use of the Platform thereafter.
13. How can you contact us?
We welcome questions and comments about this Privacy Notice and our privacy practices. If we receive a complaint from you about how we have handled your Personal Data, we will investigate and determine what action we should take to resolve the complaint. We will contact you within a reasonable time and may request more information to assist us with our investigation. We aim to resolve all complaints in a timely manner.
If you wish to provide feedback or if you have questions or concerns or wish to exercise your rights related to your Personal Data, please contact the Sweat team at the following email address: dataprotection@sweat.com. Alternatively, you can contact the Sweat team by completing a contact form (available at this webpage:
https://support.sweat.com/he/en-us/requests/new
) or through the chat function on the Sweat Websites.
For the purposes of Article 27 of the GDPR and the UK GDPR, VeraSafe has been appointed as Sweat's representative in the European Union and the United Kingdom for data protection matters. VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to the Sweat team, only on matters relating to your Personal Data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using any of the following methods:
European Union
Contact form:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative
Telephone: +42 228 881 031
Address: VeraSafe Ireland Ltd., Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland
United Kingdom
Contact form:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative
Telephone: +44 204 532 2003
Address: VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom
With reference to Article 37 of the GDPR and the UK GDPR, we have appointed VeraSafe as our Data Protection Officer (DPO). While you may contact us directly, VeraSafe can also be contacted on matters related to the processing of Personal Data. VeraSafe’s contact details are:
USA
VeraSafe
100 M Street S.E., Suite 600
Washington D.C., 20003, USA
Email: experts@verasafe.com
Web:
https://www.verasafe.com/about-verasafe/contact-us/
Australia
For the purposes of the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), you can contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at: dataprotection@sweat.com.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
If you live in one of the following countries or states, please read this Additional Information:
CANADA
Other purposes Section is replaced with the following: "
We may also collect, use and disclose your Personal Data in other ways, and where we do so, we will obtain your further consent
".
We will only process your Personal Data where required to operate the Platform, provide you with products and Services, and to operate our business, including for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice. In most cases, we will need to process your Personal Data so that we can enter into contracts under our terms of use (when orders for products are made), and to fulfill the provision or delivery of goods or services to you on the Platform (including subscriptions to the Platform).
In addition to the purposes set out elsewhere in the Privacy Notice, Sweat may collect, use and disclose your Personal Data for marketing and analytics purposes, including to display targeted advertising, based on your interests as inferred from web activity, when you visit other sites around the web or as you use various social media platforms. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details, including how you can control the use of your Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes.
By using the Platform or otherwise providing us with your Personal Data, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Notice.
We may also collect, use and disclose your Personal Data without your consent, as required or permitted by applicable Data Protection Law, such as to use or disclose your Personal Data in the case of an emergency that threatens the life, health or security of you or another individual."
When transferring Personal Data to a third party service provider, or outside of your home country, we take measures to protect your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice and in compliance with applicable Data Protection Law. Using contractual and other means, we also require all third party data recipients (including our service providers) to process your information in a secure manner and in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Law in your country of residence. However, when stored or processed in another country, your Personal Data will be subject to the applicable Data Protection Law of that country, which may not provide the same protections as the applicable Data Protection Law in your country of residence. If you have further questions about this or would like to request to view copies of the applicable safeguards (where required), please contact us.
The section dealing with the payment of a fee to access your Personal Data in the Privacy Notice is replaced with the following: "
While you will generally not be required to pay a fee to access your Personal Data or to exercise any of your other statutory rights, where permitted by applicable Data Protection Law, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access would require an exceptional amount of effort, or may decline to comply with frivolous or vexatious requests
".
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
The provisions in this Section are intended to fulfill the requirements of U.S. state consumer privacy laws identified here including the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act ("
CCPA
"), Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CDPA
”), Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“
VCDPA
”), and Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”) (together the “
US State Consumer Privacy Acts
”). This Section shall apply to Users who are resident in those states.
To the extent that any terms used in this Privacy Notice and this Section are defined in applicable U.S. State Consumer Privacy Acts, such definitions shall apply.
The categories of Personal Data collected by Sweat in the last 12 months are described in the Privacy Notice and, for the purposes of the CCPA, correspond to the following categories of Personal Information listed in the CCPA:
Category
How We Obtain It
Who We Share It With
Identifiers
: first and last names, email address, home address, telephone number, where you have selected particular services or features on the Platform, social network information.
Directly from you or linked third party accounts.
Third party social media platforms when you connect your User Account to your social media account or use social media plugins on our Platform; other companies, contractors or agents that assist us in providing services to you; third parties that provide legal services, customer services and information technology support; and credit and debit card companies including third party payment gateway providers.
Protected characteristics
: age, gender, country of residence, medical conditions or requirements.
Directly from you and your devices.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform.
Commercial information
: information about your purchases of products and services from us or our third party partners who may provide or promote their own products or services through the Platform.
Our own accounting records and from third party partners who may provide or promote their own products or services through the Platform.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform; other companies, contractors or agents that assist us in providing services to you, including our third parties that provide legal services, administration services, customer services and information technology support, and credit and debit card companies including third party payment gateway providers.
Biometric information
: physical characteristics such as weight, height, and body measurements such as stride length and apparel size, and photographs identifying your facial features, to the extent you choose to enter these on the Platform.
Directly from you, if you choose to enter these on the Platform.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform.
Internet or other similar network activity
: information about your use of the Platform and your IP address, including information collected automatically through cookies (refer to Sweat's Cookie Policy for more information;
Directly from you and your devices.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform; third party social media platforms when you connect your User Account to your social media account or use social media plugins on our Platform.
Geo-location data
: where the IP address of your computer or device is used to determine your geographic location so that we can customise your experience on the Platform (e.g. language settings.
Directly from you and your device(s).
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform; third party social media platforms when you connect your User Account to your social media account or use social media plugins on our Platform.
Sensory Data
: audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information (e.g., your photos and audio where you have selected particular services or features on the Platform).
Directly from you, where you have selected particular services or features on the Platform.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform.
Inferences drawn from other Personal Data
: dietary preferences, information you provide about yourself and any preferences in your User Account, communications with us or directed to us via letters, emails, chat services, and social media, fitness activity data provided by you on the Platform or generated through your use of the Sweat App, including activity data generated by the devices that you connect to the Sweat App where you have selected particular services or features on the Platform, contacts and calendar information.
Directly from you and your devices.
Other companies and members within the Sweat group; our trusted third party ancillary partners (identified on our Websites), whose products and services you obtain through our Platform; third party social media platforms when you connect your User Account to your social media account or use social media plugins on our Platform.
We may also disclose your Personal Data to government authorities, law enforcement bodies and regulators for compliance with legal requirements, or where otherwise required by applicable Data Protection Law and to our legal and other professional advisers in order to enforce our legal rights in relation to our contract with you.
Sweat processes each category of your Personal Data described above for purposes described in the Privacy Notice. We will not process your Personal Data for purposes which are materially different, unrelated, or incompatible with the purposes set out in the Privacy Notice without providing you notice.
“Sale” of Data:
Sweat generally does not sell your Personal Data in the conventional sense (
i.e
., for money). Like many companies, however, we use the services of third-party vendors and partners that help deliver interest-based ads to you. As part of this process, we may transfer your Personal Data to those vendor partners (like Meta) for their use as they help us deliver interest-based ads. Making Personal Data (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a "sale" or “share” under applicable U.S. State Consumer Privacy Laws. There are also instances where Sweat could be considered to be “selling” Personal Data under these laws, such as when Sweat engages in partnerships with other organisations to offer discounts for each other’s products and services to our users.
To request that Sweat not "sell" or “share” your Personal Data, please fill out the form at this link:
https://join.sweat.com/en/do-not-sell-my-information
or change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Consent Manager.
Consumer Rights:
Users who are resident in one of the U.S. States listed in this Section may have the following rights in addition to the rights set out in the Privacy Notice:
The Right to “Opt Out”
You have the right to direct us to not sell your Personal Data at any time (the “right to opt-out”). As described above, Sweat doesn’t sell any of your information in the conventional sense. However, Sweat may provide information about you to third party advertising partners (like Meta), and this may constitute a “sale” under applicable U.S. State Consumer Privacy Laws.  To exercise the right to opt-out of this kind of information transfer, you (or your authorised agent) may submit a request to us by completing the webform at this link
https://join.sweat.com/en/do-not-sell-my-information
. If you change your mind, you can opt in as described below. We will only use Personal Data provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you are a resident in California, you also have the right to opt out of the “share” of your Personal Data.
The Right to “Opt In”
If you change your mind about opting out of the “sale” or “share” of your Personal Data and would like Sweat to resume providing your Personal Data to these advertising partners, you may contact us at any time.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data
If you are a resident in California, you have the right to request we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive Personal Data.
Access
:
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose the following to you:
the categories of your Personal Data and the specific Personal Data that we have collected;
the categories of sources from which your Personal Data was collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting your Personal Data; and the categories of third parties with whom we share your Personal Data, and where such third parties received your Personal Data from us for a business purpose, the categories of your Personal Data that we disclosed to such third parties.
Under the CCPA, you are only entitled to exercise the Personal Data access right twice a year.
Exercising your rights:
Verification of your identity to respond to your request to know and delete
To evaluate your request, we may request additional information to verify your identity. We will only use the Personal Data you provide us in a request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format of Our Responses
If we need to charge a fee for a request which is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded, we will explain why we made that determination and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will reply to all requests within 30 days, or inform you in writing if additional time is required. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will send our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
If we cannot satisfy your request, we will also explain why in our response.
Authorised Agent
You may appoint an authorised agent to exercise any of your privacy rights on your behalf.
To appoint an authorised agent, you must also sign a written declaration giving the authorised agent permission to act on your behalf, or you can appoint such agent via a power of attorney.
To verify that your authorised agent acts on your behalf, we will ask for this written permission from your agent or for the power of attorney. In case you provided your authorised agent with a written permission, we will require that you also verify your identity and we may also ask you to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorised agent permission to submit the request.
We will deny a request from an authorised agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorised by you to act on your behalf.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Specifically, unless permitted by applicable laws, we will not:
deny you access to goods and/or services provided by us on the Platform;
charge you different prices or rates for the goods and/or services provided by us on the Platform, or imposing penalties on you;
provide you with a different level or quality of goods and/or services than otherwise generally provided by us on the Platform; or
suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for, or a different level or quality of, the goods and/or services generally provided by us on the Platform.
We have a feeling you’re going to love Sweat
That's why the first week is on us.
Start your 7-day free trial today
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative:
Home
Public Resources
Contact an Organization Participating in the Data Protection Representative Program
This page is available in multiple languages
English
Čeština
Deutsch
Español
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Your Inquiry
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
A quick summary of how your inquiry will be handled:
As you’re likely aware, the purpose of this form is to help make it easier for you to get in touch with non-EU and/or non-UK organizations that process your personal data. Given that, any data you submit on this form will be transferred to the foreign organization that you identify in the “Name of the organization that your inquiry relates to” field, above, with the aim of helping resolve your concern. Note that you likely won’t hear any response to your inquiry from VeraSafe directly. Unless the foreign organization specifically authorizes us to respond to you directly, the foreign organization will be fully responsible for handling your inquiry on their own, without any involvement from VeraSafe. In our role as a representative working on behalf of foreign organizations, we can facilitate communication between you and the foreign organization but we don’t have any way to resolve your inquiry ourselves. We want to help you, but we have no power to force any foreign organization to respond to your inquiry, even if we (you and us) both think they should.
Since VeraSafe has a legal obligation to relay your inquiry to the foreign organization you identify above, your rights to request that we not use your data for this purpose are quite limited. Likewise, please be aware that we have a legal obligation to document how we handle your inquiries, which may prevent us from erasing your personal data upon your request. If you do not want VeraSafe to process your personal data, you must not submit such personal data to us in any way. You can always direct your concern to the foreign organization directly (instead of VeraSafe), and you have no obligation to send your inquiry to VeraSafe.
Examples of inquiries that are not likely to be accepted using this form:
Customer service issues
Inquiries that don’t provide enough information or context
Complaints that involve any threats, abusive language, or delivering legal notices
Requests for legal advice
Issues un-related to data protection
Inquiries directed to organizations that have not appointed any VeraSafe entity or affiliate as their Data Protection Representative
Examples of inquiries that are likely to be accepted using this form:
Substantive privacy concerns
Inquiries from regulatory agencies
Requests to exercise privacy rights