Updated: 28 October 2024
At Curve, we’re committed to protecting your data. This privacy policy describes what data we process about you, what we do with it and why.
Curve is made up of more than one company. The company you’ll have a relationship with is dependent on where you’re based. We’ll tell you who you have a relationship with when you first sign up for or use a Curve product or service; this Curve company will be the ‘controller’ of your personal data. In short:
Curve UK Limited (UK)
controls your data if you’re based in the United Kingdom (UK).
Curve Europe UAB (Lithuania)
controls your data if you’re based in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Curve Credit Limited (UK)
controls your data if you use our credit services in the UK.
Thackeray DAC (Ireland)
may process your data if you’re based in the EEA  as the merchant on record.
Curve Netherlands B.V. (Netherlands)
may process your data if you’re based in the EEA as the merchant on record.
Curve US, Inc. (US)
is our US company. If you’re based in the US, this policy is not applicable. You can find the Curve US privacy policy
here
, which provides you with transparent information on  data processing.
What data do we process about you?
Type of personal data:
Details:
Identity Data
Full name
Date of birth
Gender
Identification documents (for example your passport) and any other information you provide to prove you are eligible to use our services)
Your image and facial scan data as extracted from your image (known as ‘biometric data’) for Know-Your-Customer checks
Employment status and industry
Financial Data
Details of the payment source(s) added to your Curve Wallet (including card number, expiry date, CVV number, name and billing address)
Curve Card data (including card number, expiry date, CVV number, name and billing address)
Details of your credit history held by credit reference agencies, and any other information you provide when you apply for credit (for example, your income)
Data from accounts you hold with third party financial institutions (e.g. when you activate the Open Banking permissions, which may be used for our credit checks)
Contact Data
Home address
Shipping address
Billing address
Email address
Mobile number
Transaction Data
Information about your transactions
Information about rewards
Information about your purchases
Device Data
Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, time zone setting
Model of your phone or mobile device
Geo-location
Information about your visit on our website or the Curve Wallet, including what you have clicked on, what you viewed and for how long and other page interaction information (such as scrolling and clicks)
Profile Data
Records of our discussions (including records of phone calls)
Communication preferences
Social media handles
Feedback
Survey / questionnaire responses
How
do we obtain your data?
From direct interactions we have with you and information you give us, including:
Creation of a Curve Account
Use of one of our products or services, including giving us access to your other financial accounts through Open Banking permissions
Participation in any of our competition or rewards programs, including on social media
Subscription to marketing
Contacting Curve, for example when speaking to our customer support team or reaching out to us via social media
Providing feedback and responses to our surveys
From our automatic collection due to your use of our products and services, including:
Technical data from your electronic devices, browsing actions and patterns when you use our website or access your Curve Wallet. This is usually collected using cookies, server logs and similar technologies.
Information on transactions and your use of the Curve Wallet, including the date, time, amount, currency and location of your transactions.
From third parties or publicly available information, including:
Analytics providers
Payment service providers and third party digital wallet providers
Customer service providers
Electoral register
Governmental agencies
Financial crime prevention agencies
Credit reference agencies
Regulatory bodies
Social media websites or apps
What do we use your data for?
We use your data to provide the best experience possible. We always have a lawful basis to process your data. This section provides you with information about our use of your data.
Purpose:
Sign you up as a Curve customer and create your Curve Account
Data:
How you signed up, Identity, Contact, Financial, Device
Lawful basis:
Contract, Legal obligation (the law requires us to verify your identity)
Purpose:
Confirm your identity and help prevent financial crime
Data:
Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Device
Lawful basis:
Legal obligation, Legitimate interests (to ensure we use the best financial crime prevention providers when performing our services)
Purpose:
Provide you with Curve services and the Curve Wallet and/or Card and manage your Curve Account
Data:
Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction
Lawful basis:
Contract, Legitimate interests (to provide you with services and recover fees), Legal obligations
Purpose:
Conduct credit checks, verify your identity and provide Curve credit products and services
Data:
Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction
Lawful basis:
Contract, Consent, Legitimate interests (to provide you with relevant services only)
Purpose:
Process your payment transactions
Data:
Identity, Contact, Financial, Transaction, Device
Lawful basis:
Contract, Legal obligation, Legitimate interests (to facilitate transactions and maintain integrity of Curve systems)
Purpose:
Provide you with third-party services, including Samsung Pay+
Data:
Identity, Financial, Transaction, Profile
Lawful basis:
Contract, Consent (for profile data), Legitimate interests (to provide you with relevant services only)
Purpose:
Manage our relationship, including updates to our terms of service and providing top-notch customer support
Data:
Identity, Contact, Transaction, Profile, Device
Lawful basis:
Contract, Legal obligation, Legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and improve our product)
*Please note that we may record your calls with our customer services team for training and monitoring purposes.
Purpose:
Improve our services and troubleshoot, including preparing anonymous statistical datasets for forecasting purposes or understanding how you use our services
Data:
Identity, Contact, Device
Lawful basis:
Legitimate interests (to improve our products), Contract
Purpose:
Suggest goods, services, programmes or activities that may be of interest to you
Data:
Identity, Contact, Device, Profile, Financial, Transaction, Survey Responses
Lawful basis:
Consent, Legitimate interests (to develop our product offering and grow our business)
Purpose:
Send you marketing communications and ask you opinion about our services
Data:
Identity, Contact, Profile, Device, Transaction
Lawful basis:
Consent, Legitimate interests (to ensure you are kept up to date with our services)
Purpose:
Comply with regulatory and legal obligations, including enforcing our rights
Data:
Identity, Contact, Financial
Lawful basis:
Legal obligation
We only use your personal data for the purpose we collected it or a similar, connected purpose. If we ever need to use your information for an unrelated purpose, we’ll inform you and explain why. We may also be required by law to process your personal data without your knowledge or consent.
Who do we share your data with and why?
When we share data with third parties, they can only process it for specific purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Here’s who we may share data with and why:
The Curve group.
We share personal data within the Curve group of companies in order to provide you with the best service(s), improve existing, or develop new services, send you information about our services we think you may be interested in hearing about and performing any other necessary activities, as described above.
Identity checking and financial crime prevention partners.
To perform sign-up and verification checks.
When Curve shares data with identity and financial crime prevention partners, they may become a joint controller of your data to determine how your data will be used to best provide their services.
IT vendors including cloud storage providers.
Hosting and IT services; IT vendors including cloud storage providers to securely store your personal data.
Card manufacturing, personalisation and delivery companies.
To make and send your Curve Card.
Social media sites and advertising companies.
Social media sites, for the purposes of conducting market research and running marketing campaigns. When sharing data with these sites, we ensure that your data is only used in accordance with our instructions.
We may share your data with our advertising partners but this will be done, as far as possible, in an aggregated or anonymised way. The advertising partner, or any social media sites used for marketing purposes, will only be allowed to use the data to (i) send adverts to you if we think you may be interested in a Curve service, (ii) not send adverts to you if you already use the service, or (iii) send adverts to people who have a similar profile with you.
If you don’t want us to use your information in this way, you can contact us at
privacyrequests@imaginecurve.com
.
Financial services providers.
To facilitate payment processing, we share your data with certain financial services providers alongside your payment, including card issuers, network schemes (such as Mastercard and Visa),  payment processors and banking partners to facilitate any payment transactions you make.
Companies that you transfer money to from your Curve Card and/or Curve Wallet.
Where you make a payment from your Curve Account (if applicable), we will share your first and last name with the recipient in their transaction history.
Third-party payment partners.
Third party payment service partners, including Apple Pay and Samsung Pay+.
Curve will only share your data with a third-party payment partner if you have opted to use their service with your Curve Wallet and/or Curve Card. When we share your data with third-party payment partners, they will become an independent controller of your data to determine how your data will be used to best provide their services.
Open banking partners, including TrueLayer.
We partner with TrueLayer to allow you to view Account information from certain other payment providers on the Curve Wallet. If you would like to use this feature, TrueLayer will prompt you to connect your other payment accounts to the Curve  Wallet. This data will be sent to Curve to display in the Curve Wallet. This allows you to see your various account transactions and balances in one place.
When you consent to the use of your data and enable this feature, both Curve and TrueLayer will become independent controllers of your data as we will independently determine the best means of processing your data to deliver the service to you.
We may also anonymise the data collected from TrueLayer to improve our products and services.
For more information on how TrueLayer will use your data, please see their
Privacy Policy
.
We also share your data with Software as a Solution partners who provide open banking compliance solutions, such as partners providing a gateway which allows you to securely provide third party providers with access to your Curve Account for the purposes of retrieving financial account data. Where you consent to such access, your account, transaction and account holder details will be processed to the extent that you request that such information is made available to the relevant third party provider.
Credit reference agencies.
If you apply, use or register for credit products, we may perform credit and identity checks on you with one or more credit reference agencies (CRAs) or other providers of credit information. We may also make periodic soft credit checks on you to manage your Account with us or fulfil our services.
To do this, we may supply your personal information to CRAs and they will give us information about you.  We will use this information to:
Assess your creditworthiness and whether you are suitable for Curve products.
Verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us.
Confirm your identity and prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering.
Manage your Curve Account and determine an appropriate credit limit for you.
Trace and recover debts.
Ensure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.
Provide you with access to your credit bureau data where you have asked us to.
The Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN) describes how the three main credit reference agencies in the UK each use and share personal data. The CRAIN is available on the credit reference agencies’ websites:
www.callcredit.co.uk/crain
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
www.experian.co.uk/crain
If you are a Lithuanian customer, you can find more information about this processing by visiting:
https://scorify.ai/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.manocreditinfo.lt/privatumas
Further information relating to Lithuanian credit offerings and data sharing is set out in the below row (Credit Bureau UAB - Creditinfo Lietuva).
We may continue to exchange information about you with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. We will also inform the CRAs about your settled accounts. If you borrow and do not repay in full and on time, CRAs will record the outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
Hard credit checks will appear on your credit file and may affect your credit rating. Soft credit checks will not appear on your file and will not affect your credit rating.
We may also request information on your other payment accounts to perform an affordability check. You will be prompted to connect your other payment accounts on the Curve Wallet. This information will be shared directly with Plaid and subsequently shared with Curve (see “Open banking partners, including Plaid”).
SME credit products.
When you apply for SME credit products, we will conduct commercial credit checks on your business and you, as a director or equivalent, using one or more CRAs.
We will use this information to assess your creditworthiness and the affordability of repayments.
We will continue to exchange information about your business with CRAs while you have a relationship with us. We will also inform the CRAs about your business’ settled accounts and if your business has any outstanding debt. This information may be supplied to other organisations by CRAs.
Credit Bureau - UAB Creditinfo Lietuva.
If you are a Lithuanian customer using a credit product and fail to meet the relevant obligations for more than 30 days, your data (identity, contact information and credit history, i.e. financial and property-related obligations and fulfilment, debts and repayment) will be provided to the Credit Bureau UAB Creditinfo Lietuva (Company Reg. No.: 111689163, address: A. Goštauto St. 40A, LT 01112 Vilnius, Lithuania,
www.manocreditinfo.it
, phone (+370 5) 2394131).
The Credit Bureau shall process and provide to third parties (financial establishments, telecommunications companies, providers of insurance services, suppliers of electricity and utility services, retail companies, etc.) your information in order to pursue its purpose, i.e. to evaluate your credit rating and manage debts. Evaluation of your credit rating shall involve the evaluation of your personal aspects in an automated manner (profiling), which in the future may affect your opportunity to conclude transactions. The evaluation in an automated manner helps to lend responsibly and involves evaluation of the credit information provided by the respective person, his credit history, public information, etc. The automated evaluation methods shall be regularly reviewed to ensure they are fair, effective and impartial.
The credit history data shall be processed for 10 years after the fulfilment of the respective obligation. You can consult your credit history by directly contacting the Credit Bureau or by means of the Finpass app.
You have the right to request that your data be corrected or deleted or that the processing of your data be restricted as well as the right to disagree to the processing of your data, demand human involvement in the automated decision-taking process, present your view and contest a decision, and the right to have the data transferred. For further information about the implementation of these rights, the restrictions applicable to them and the evaluation of aspects in an automated manner (profiling), please visit
www.manocreditinfo.lt
. You may contact their Data Protection Officer by e-mailing
duomenu.apsauga@creditinfo.lt
or by calling the above phone number. You can lodge a complaint with the State Data Protection Inspectorate in relation to Credit Bureau UAB Creditinfo Lietuva.
Financial crime prevention agencies.
The personal data we have collected from you will be shared with financial crime prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity.
If financial crime is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance, or employment. Further information can be found
here
.
Samsung Pay+.
If you are a Samsung Pay+ customer, we will have to share your data with Samsung to provide you with services as per our terms of service.
For more information on how Samsung will use your data, please see their
Privacy Policy
. Please note that Curve is not responsible for the security of Samsung Pay or any third party provider to Samsung. Any information you give them is covered by their own Terms and Conditions.
Support tools.
Support tools include analytics and search engine service providers, customer-service providers, survey providers, communications services providers and customer experience support platforms which we use to help deliver our services, send you emails, text messages and other notifications, and optimise and improve our services.
Debt collection agencies.
We may need to send your information to debt collection agencies in order to manage and recover debts that you owe or may end up owing to Curve.
Curve Vendors, Partners, and Contractors.
We may share your information with other vendors, partners, and contractors that perform certain services on our behalf / help us to provide our services and products (for example our cashback rewards) or that may prepare anonymous datasets about your spending patterns for forecasting purposes or to understand how you use your Curve Card and/or payment sources. Such data will never be linked back to you as an individual.
Third parties we may sell the business to or acquire.
In the event of a business reorganisation or sale, we may share your data to third parties we sell the business to or acquire.
We may also share anonymised, aggregated data with selected e-wallet and data analytics service providers. This means your data is bundled up with other people’s data and you aren’t identifiable as an individual.
Government, law enforcement and tax authorities, and regulatory authorities.
When we need to comply with a legal obligation applicable to us, we may share your data with the aforementioned authorities. This also includes instances where, for example, fraud is deducted and we must comply with applicable disclosure laws.
What are your rights?
You have rights over your personal data:
Access the personal data we process about you.
Rectify your personal data by asking us to correct it for you.
Delete your data, by asking us to erase it. There are times when we may not be able to delete data for legal purposes. For example, because we are a regulated financial services provider and our regulatory responsibilities take priority, we are required to keep certain information about you to comply with Anti-Money Laundering regulations.
Restrict or object to our processing of your data for direct marketing or if we’re using it for legitimate interests. Where we are using your data based on the legitimate interests lawful basis, we may not be able to accept your request without closing down your Curve Account or if there is an overriding reason why we need to use it.
Withdraw any consent you’ve given us to use your personal data in a specific way.
Request a human review of any automated decision made by technology.
If you want to do any of the above, or if you have questions relating to Curve’s data processing please get in touch with us at
privacyrequests@imaginecurve.com
. Before processing such requests, we may need to ask for proof of ID to ensure your data does not end up in the wrong hands.We have one month to respond unless your request is complicated, in which case we may need more time. If that’s the case, we’ll let you know.
This is almost always free but we’re allowed to charge a reasonable fee or refuse your request if it’s clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Do we make automated decisions about you?
Depending on the Curve products or services you use, we may make automated decisions about you. This means that we may use technology that can evaluate relevant factors about you and your circumstances to predict risks or outcomes. We do this for the efficient running of our services and to make sure that the decisions we make are fair, consistent and based on the correct information.
Where we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to ask that it is manually reviewed by a human.
For example, we may make automated decisions about you in accordance with the below table:
What does the automated decision relate to?
Logic involved:
Significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you:
Approving your credit application and determining your credit eligibility.
We use technology and third party providers to check your credit history, which includes borrowing and repayment patterns, income and outstanding debts. Based on this information, our systems make a decision on whether to provide credit services to you and to what extent.
Your credit application may be accepted or rejected or terminated at a different point in time, including due to eligibility criteria.
This will impact the credit limit we can provide you with and how this may change over time.
The opening of your Curve Account
We use technology and third party providers (including Open Banking providers where available) in order to assess your eligibility to open a Curve Account. This may include verifying the information provided during the onboarding process. This process lets us defend our systems and the financial system from illicit and criminal behaviours.
Identity and address check, including for KYC, anti-money laundering and sanctions checks.
We may be unable to onboard you as a Curve customer, including due to eligibility criteria.
Where required by law, we may need to transfer data to law enforcement authorities.
Detection of fraud or criminal behaviour
We use technology and third party providers that allow us to monitor your Account (e.g. transaction monitoring) in order to detect fraudulent or criminal behaviour.
We can suspend or terminate your Curve Account and/or Curve card.
Where required by law, we may need to inform law enforcement authorities about your actions.
Our legal basis for our use of automated decision making is to enable us to fulfil our contract with you or because we have a legal obligation to do so.
How long do we keep your data?
The period for which we may retain data about you will depend on:
the purposes for which the data was collected;
whether you have requested deletion of the data; and
whether we have any legal or regulatory obligations to retain the data.
We will not retain data about you for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the data was collected. We will typically keep your data for up to 10 years after you last completed onboarding or had an active Account or product with us.
We may keep your personal data for a longer period where it is necessary for legal, regulatory or operational purposes.
Do we transfer data internationally?
We may transfer and store your data outside the EEA and the UK, in order to enable us to provide you with the services you have requested.
When we do this, we ensure that:
the country or organisation processing the data has adequate data protection laws in place, in accordance with the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (as applicable); and/or
Curve and the other organisation(s) have formally agreed to data protection clauses in a written contract, as approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (as applicable).
You can contact us at
privacyrequests@imaginecurve.com
to obtain more information about the safeguards we have in place to enable compliant international data transfers.
How can you opt-out of marketing?
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing emails at any time by following the “unsubscribe” links at the bottom of any Curve marketing message. You’ll still receive operational emails we need to send you, such as updates to our terms and conditions.
If you would like to stop receiving Curve receipt emails (for each of your payments), you can change your preferences for each of your payment sources on the Curve Wallet app.
How can you contact us?
You’re most welcome to drop us an email at
privacyrequests@imaginecurve.com
to exercise a right, ask a question, lodge a complaint or offer a suggestion.
How can you submit a complaint?
We encourage you to contact us directly if you aren’t happy with how we’ve handled a request or another data protection matter. Should you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can email them at
DPO@imaginecurve.com
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s
Information Commissioner’s Office
or the
Lithuanian State Data Protection Inspectorate
, depending on which Curve entity is the subject of your complaint.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://truelayer.com/legal/privacy/:
Upcoming event:
Join TrueLayer at Merchant Payment Ecosystem
Meet the team
Overview
This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, store, process and protect your personal data when providing you with our Services.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before using our website, console or other web applications (collectively the "
Site
") or any of our Services. If you have any questions or queries about the contents, please email us at
privacy@truelayer.com
.
TrueLayer Limited (TrueLayer), with company number 10278251, is based at Part Ground Floor (East), Floors 6 and 7, The Gilbert, 40 Finsbury Square, London, EC2A 1PX and is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO") under number ZA797592.
In this Privacy Notice, TrueLayer will be referred to as "
we
", "
us
", or "
our
".
Depending on the context, “you” means a visitor to our Site, a representative of one of our Merchants, or the End User of one of our Services.
Our Services
If you are an End-User, the provider of the website or app through which you access our Services (a
Merchant
) will direct you to use our
Services
.
We currently provide the following Services (these are further explained in our
Terms of Service
):
Account Information Services (AIS)
Payment Initiation Services (PIS)
Verification Services
Signup+
Pay Ins
Pay Outs
Remember Me
What personal data do we collect?
The table below sets out the personal data that we collect, process and in some instances store when you use our Services.
The personal data we collect about you and how we use it
What type of personal data are we using?
Purpose of Processing
What lawful basis do we rely on to use your Personal Data?
If you represent a TrueLayer Merchant
Your name, date of birth, address, email, number, username, client ID and login data if you register as a user.
So we can register you as a user and deliver our Services.
Performance of a contract with you
Your name, email address, username and login data you supply to us if you register as a user.
To provide you with updates on our activities, Services and products; to record your marketing preferences and any feedback or responses for the purposes of improving our Services
With your consent
Your name, date of birth, address, email, phone number, photo identification and any criminal background information.
To conduct any due diligence that we are required to do in order for you to receive our Services
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements that we are under)
If you are an End-User of any of our products
Your name, address, photo identification and any criminal background information.
To conduct any due diligence that we are required to do in order for you to receive our Services
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements that we are under)
Your name, email address, username and login data you supply to us if you register as a user via any TrueLayer portal or console.
To deliver our Services to you and to give you access to information we hold about you
With your consent
Your name, email address, postal address, account number and sort-code
To keep a record of your use of our Services, to provide our Services to you and/or our Merchants, to improve our Services and to allow us to identify you for reporting, compliance and customer service purposes.
To comply with our legal obligations (including regulatory requirements), and where it is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our AIS or Verification Service
Any personal data that is contained in the account information that you have given us your explicit consent to access in our Terms of Service including your bank account, balance and transaction details
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our PIS Service
Any personal data that you give to us, for example your name, email address, username, login data and any payment reference that you supply.
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you are receiving a payment from a Merchant
Your name, account details (account number, sort code and/or IBAN), date of birth and postal address
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants including processing a Pay Out to you.
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you are an End-User using our Signup+Service
Your name, postal address, date of birth, phone number, email address, account number, sort-code and/or National ID number
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
It is necessary for our legitimate interest in ensuring that we can provide you and your Merchant with the Services and to allow us to continuously improve our Services
If you opt in to store your details with us for future payments (Remember Me / Save Details)
Any personal data that you have chosen to store with us
To deliver our Services to you and/or our Merchants and to improve our Services
Performance of a contract with you
If you are a visitor to our Site
Your name, email address and any other personal data you supply to us (such as any feedback)
To provide you with updates on our activities, Services and products; to record your marketing preferences and any feedback or responses for the purposes of improving our Services.
With your consent
Any personal data we collect as part of your Cookies setting, namely online identifiers (such as your cookie identifier, IP address, browser type and version, time zone settings and location)
To allow us to run the operation of our Site and ensure that our provision of Services through our website runs as smoothly as possible
With your consent
Important
: Before we process your personal data to pursue our legitimate interests for the above purpose, we determine if such processing is necessary and we carefully consider the impact of our processing activities on your fundamental rights and freedom. On balance, we have determined that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests and that the processing which we conduct does not adversely impact on these rights and freedoms.
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collect it (as outlined in this section) unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
How we collect your Personal Data
Everyone
We will collect personal data about you:
Through email when you communicate with us.
When you visit our Site through cookies or other similar tracking technologies
For more information see the “Cookies” section below
When you provide us with your consent, your marketing preferences.
If you are an End User
We will collect personal data about you:
From Merchants
Basic identity information (name, email address, postal address, phone number, date of birth) will be provided to us by your Merchant. This is required in order for us to provide you with the Service you have explicitly consented to.
From you
Some of our Services require you to share personal data with us directly. We will also give you the opportunity to store some of this information with us to speed up future payments.
From your bank
The provision of our Services requires us to collect information from your bank regarding bank accounts, account transactions and other financial information. Please note that we do not collect this type of information without your explicit consent.
From Identity Providers
We will sometimes use third party identity providers to obtain further information about you in order to provide our Service.
Service
What Data
From Who
AIS and/or Verification
Personal data in your Account Information
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
PIS and/or PayIn
Personal data in your Account Information or payment account details shared with us
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
Personal data included in a payment reference
You
Signup+
Personal data identifying you
Your Merchant
Personal data identifying your bank account
Your bank
Personal data identifying you
Equifax, our third party data provider
PayOuts
Personal data to identify your bank account
Your Merchant
Save details / Remember me
Personal data collected as part of the Service we provide you with
You, Your Merchant, Your bank
End User Portal Registration
Personal data to identify you
You
If you represent a Merchant
If you represent a Merchant, we may collect your personal data from the following sources:
through our Site when you register as a Merchant or use our Services
through information that you provide to us and from third party sources such as Companies House and LexisNexis for due diligence at onboarding and periodically.
How long we keep your personal data
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than we think is necessary. When deciding how long to keep your personal data, we consider factors including:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the personal data involved (including the
Terms of Service
)
legal obligation(s) to retain data, or delete data, for/after a certain period of time
whether we relied on your consent to use the personal data, but you have since withdrawn your consent
our legitimate interests where we have carried out balancing tests;
fraud and risk management
(potential) disputes
guidelines issued by relevant data protection authorities.
Sharing of your personal data
By using our Services as an End-User, we share your personal data with your Merchant who will become responsible for it. You can refer to your Merchant’s privacy notice to understand how they use and manage your personal data.
If you are an End-User or represent a Merchant, we may also have to share your personal data:
if we reasonably consider that we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation
if we need to enforce or apply our
Terms of Service
and other agreements
to protect the rights, property, or safety of TrueLayer, our Merchants or others
to fulfil our legal obligations
with our professional advisors such as lawyers, auditors, consultants or insurers
with partners or suppliers who process personal data on our behalf.
We take the security and protection of your personal data seriously and only allow such suppliers to use your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instruction
with third parties to whom we may sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets.
If a change like this happens to our business, the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Notice
to another company in our group, if this is necessary to ensure continuity in the provision of Services to you, or to reflect any business reorganisation or expansion that we may engage in from time to time
Depending on the Service that you use, your personal data may be shared with one of the following entities solely for the purpose of providing that Service.
Processor
Service Description
Location of Processing
Which Services?
AWS
Cloud infrastructure Merchant
United Kingdom & Ireland
All Services
Zendesk
Zendesk provides our ticketing and chat system used to communicate with you
Ireland
All Services
Pontica
Pontica is used to triage incoming end user questions and complaints
Ireland
All Services
Auth0
Auth0 provides user authentication and authorisation Services
United Kingdom
All Services
Salv Technologies OÜ
Providing transaction monitoring Services
Germany
All Payments Products
Moodys
Providing transaction monitoring Services
Belgium
All Payments Products
AS LHV Pank
LHV is our partner bank for SEPA CT, SEPA INST and Target2 Covering the EU
Estonia
EU PayIns and PayOuts
Form 3
Form3 is our technical Service provider that facilitates our communication with the SEPA and Target payment schemes. Covering the EU
Ireland and United Kingdom
EU PayIns and PayOuts
ClearBank
ClearBank is our partner bank and provides TrueLayer the ability to facilitate Faster Payments, CHAPS, and BACS payment schemes covering the UK
United Kingdom
UK PayIns and Payouts
Equifax
Equifax is our data provider for the purposes of our Signup+ product
United Kingdom
Signup+
Twilio
Twilio sends a one time password (OTP) to authenticate you
United States
Remember me / Save Details
GB Group Plc
Providing transaction monitoring Services
United Kingdom
All Payments Products
International transfers of your personal data
The data that we collect from you will generally speaking not be transferred to or stored outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the UK. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is handled securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
However, whenever we do transfer your personal data out of the EEA or the UK, we will only do so if:
you have given your prior written authorisation; or
there is an appropriate transfer agreement or other approved transfer mechanism in place such as Standard Contractual Clauses or an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Please contact us if you want further information on how we ensure adequate protection for any personal data transferred out of the EEA or the UK.
Cookies
When you browse the Site, use our Services or visit websites or apps that offer our Services, we will automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address. We may collect data about how you interact with our Site or Services through the use of cookies or other similar tracking technologies (collectively referred to as
Cookies
). A cookie is a small file of text that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer.
We use Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site and/or Services. It helps us to remember your preferences. When you visit our Site and/or use our or Services, Cookies allow us to keep track of how many times you’ve visited us, how long you’ve visited us for and what you’ve done whilst you’ve been on our Site and/or using our Services.
The information collected with these technologies helps us in ensuring that we can:
provide you with, and continuously improve, our Services;
enhance your experience of our Site;
better understand how our Site is used;
help our Merchants better understand the uses of their platform; and
help our Merchants to enhance your customer experience.
None of the Cookies we use are used to identify you as an individual. They typically collect anonymous identifiers associated with your device, browser, referring site URLs, time or usage information. Cookies never store any of your banking details.
Cookies can be "first party" which are cookies set by us, or "third-party" which are cookies that are placed on your computer/device by a third party when you visit our Site or use our Services.
We will only deploy non-necessary Cookies on your computer/device when we have obtained your prior consent to do so. If you choose to consent to our use of non-necessary Cookies, you may withdraw your consent to these Cookies at any time.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Managing cookies
We only deploy strictly necessary Cookies upon the initial loading of our Site. All other types of Cookies are non-necessary and so we need your prior consent to deploy them. Non-necessary Cookies help to maximise your experience when using our Site.
We request your prior consent to use non-necessary Cookies via our Cookie banner. You can change your Cookie preferences and withdraw your consent through changing the setting via our cookie banner.
You may also set your browser to disable Cookies, but this action may block our strictly necessary cookies and prevent our Site from functioning properly, and you may not be able to fully utilise all of the Site's features and services.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights which you can seek to exercise in respect of your personal data that we process.
The right to request confirmation of whether we process any personal data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that personal data
The right to request us to stop processing personal data and, in particular, to cease using your personal data for any direct marketing purposes
The right to request that we restrict the use of your personal data in certain circumstances
The right to request that we rectify or update your personal data that is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated
The right to request that we delete any personal data we hold about you where there is no legitimate reason for us to continue to process it
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your previously given consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
The right to request that we export your personal data to another company, where technically feasible
In order to exercise any of the above rights, please email us at
privacy@truelayer.com
to make a subject access request detailing:
your name;
your address;
the details of your Merchant; and
the period of data you would like access to.
We may not always be able to delete or correct your data on request if it is not within our control (such as with Account Information, in which case we will forward your request to the ASPSP) or if we are subject to legal requirements to keep the data.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Any changes we make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, or simply want more information about how we process your personal data, you can contact us at
privacy@truelayer.com
Making a complaint to a supervisory authority
Should you be dissatisfied with the service we provide, you have the right to register a complaint with us at
complaints@truelayer.com
and/or file a to file a formal complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office at
www.ico.org.uk
, or to the relevant data protection supervisory authority in your country of residence.
Got a question?
You can reach out to our support team whenever you have questions, issues or are just curious about all things TrueLayer.
Contact support
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://scorify.ai/en/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
UAB Scorify Privacy Policy
Why a privacy policy is needed?
We at UAB Scorify, legal entity code 302423183, registered office address Olimpiečių st. 1A-24, LT-09235 Vilnius (hereinafter - the Company or We), take care of your privacy and protection of personal data, therefore we process personal data in accordance with the 2016 April 27 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (General Data Protection Regulation) protection law and other legal acts regulating the protection of personal data. Therefore, to ensure fair and transparent information about the processing of your personal data, we publish this privacy policy (hereinafter - the Policy).
This Policy describes which personal data we collect and for what purposes we process it as a credit bureau and when you use our website https://scorify.ai/ (hereinafter - the Website). This Policy also provides important information about the protection of your personal data, your rights and how to exercise them. Therefore, be sure to take the time to review this Policy, and if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at the contacts provided. Please note that we reserve the right to change this Policy in the future, and we encourage you to read this Policy periodically.
What is personal data and how is it processed?
Personal data
is any information that relates directly or indirectly to you when your identity is known or can be directly or indirectly identified through relevant data (such as name, e - mail address, personal identification number, etc.).
Processing of personal data
means any operation with personal data (including the collection, recording, storage, editing, modification, granting of access, submission of requests, transmission, archiving, etc.).
When processing your personal data, the company follows the following principles of personal data processing:
Your personal data will only be processed to the extent necessary to achieve the relevant clearly defined and legitimate purposes, considering the protection of your privacy.
Your personal data is processed accurately, fairly, and lawfully and is processed only for purposes that correspond to the purposes stated before the collection of your personal data.
Your personal data is processed in strict compliance with the clear and transparent requirements for the processing of personal data set out in the legislation.
Your personal data will only be processed in such a form that your identity can be disclosed for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed.
The processing of your personal data is subject to appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the security of your personal data, including protection against unauthorized processing and unintentional loss, destruction, and damage.
For what purposes do we process your personal data?
In accordance with the requirements of legal acts regulating the protection of personal data, the Company, as a credit bureau, processes data for the purposes of creditworthiness assessment and debt management. In this case, the Company is the controller of the relevant personal data.
The company collects and manages credit history, e.g. financial liabilities of individuals and the history of various payments, as well as information on inquiries. When processing information about legal entities, the data of the participants of the management bodies of legal entities are processed.
Depending on the purposes and nature of the processed data, the data is processed either with the consent of the data subject (the Company's client) or by concluding and executing a contract (with the controller's client) or on basis of legitimate interest of the Company or third parties to whom the data provided.
Credit history data are processed for the purpose of a legitimate interest in the processing of personal data for the purposes of credit assessment and debt management, credit rating. The assessment of the legitimate interest (test) has shown that the legitimate interest of the creditor / potential creditor outweighs the interests of the defaulting data subject and that the relevant data processing operations can be based on a legitimate interest.
It is important to note that in certain cases the Company acts as a data processor, i. y. when information on financial liabilities (credits taken) and personal data from state registers or information systems are received. In this case, personal data is stored for 3 years as standard, unless other terms of personal data storage are specified in the agreements with data controllers.
Processing of personal data for the purpose of creditworthiness assessment and debt management of legal and natural persons (provision of data to third parties with a legitimate interest so that they can assess a person's creditworthiness and manage debt).
Personal data processed:
name, surname, personal identification code, e-mail address, place of residence (address), telephone number, date of incurrence of debt, amount of debt, creditor (name of legal entity, identification code), source of information on debt claim, date of debt payment , type of debt.
Condition for lawful processing:
the processing is necessary in the legitimate interests of the controller or of a third party (Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation).
Retention period:
data on the entity's timely and proper fulfillment of obligations are stored for a maximum of 10 years from the date of repayment of the debt.
Recipients:
legal entities with a legitimate interest in solvency assessment and debt management, which assess personal solvency and manage indebtedness, including companies providing one type of loan or another, as well as deferred payment services (the largest group of which are banks and other financial institutions), hired data processors, such as IT service providers, providing IT maintenance and support services.
Processing of personal data for the purpose of personal solvency and financial risk assessment and debt management (joint financial risk data file) (In this case, the Company acts as a data processor):
Personal data processed:
name, surname, personal identification code, identity document data, place of residence (address), education, position, marital status, telephone number, income, their specification and sources; data on financial and property liabilities: number of contracts, dates, types; the amount of property liabilities; financial liabilities, credit limit, account overdraft, used credits, interest, total financial liabilities, amounts payable; deadlines for fulfillment of obligations, deadlines for violations, number of violations; amounts and number of delayed payments; types of applications; application amounts; data subjects in joint debtors' files; personal rating.
Condition of lawful processing:
processing of data is necessary for the legitimate interests of the Company's customers (data controllers) (Article 6 (1) (f) of the Regulation).
Retention period:
data is retained for 10 years from the date of fulfillment of obligations; if a decision is made to refuse to provide a financial service - 3 years.
Data recipients:
company customers (data controllers), financial institutions, banks, telecommunications companies, and other entities (data controllers), hired data processors, such as IT service providers, to provide IT maintenance and support services.
Data source:
UAB Creditinfo Lietuva, which receives data from official state registers and information systems (Legal Entities, Mortgages, Seizures of Property, Real Estate, National Courts Administration, etc.); judicial information: information on civil debt cases in which a natural person is involved as a defendant / debtor; bailiffs' information on public bailiff's calls for debts issued to a natural person.
Please note that the Company calculates credit ratings on behalf of its customers (data controllers). A credit rating is an assessment of a person's creditworthiness. The rating indicates the predicted probability that a person may be delayed in meeting their payment obligations by 90 days or more. When assessing a person's creditworthiness, such external factors are considered, which signal the person's skills and opportunities to plan, assume and fulfill their obligations. The quality and sustainability of long-term individual skills and opportunities are assessed. It also means that the assessment cannot "recover" in a noticeably short period of time.
Rating is an assessment of a person's characteristics in an automatic way (profiling), which may affect your ability to conclude transactions in the future. Valuation automatically helps to lend responsibly, evaluating information provided by an individual, credit history, public information, and more. Automatic evaluation methods shall be reviewed regularly to ensure their fairness, efficiency, and impartiality.
Processing of personal data for the purpose of inquiry administration
Personal data is processed: name, telephone, e-mail. email address, content of the request.
Lawful processing condition:
consent, which is expressed by sending inquiries to the Company through the contacts indicated on the Website or by using the opportunity to submit an inquiry on the Website (Article 6 (1) (a) of the Regulation);
the legal obligation to examine the claim for allegedly infringed rights and / or legitimate interests and to provide a response applies (Article 6 (1) (c) of the Regulation).
Retention period:
submitted inquiries are processed throughout the inquiry period and are retained for 6 months from the date of its examination. Personal data may be stored for a longer period if the request is not processed or is still being processed during that time, as well as if personal data migth be necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the Company or third parties, such as statute of limitations or legal disputes. If the complaint has been resolved by signing the settlement agreement, your personal data will be stored for 10 years.
Data recipients:
In order to assess the circumstances of the submitted complaint or other inquiry and to make sure that they are justified, your personal data may be transferred to persons providing legal services (lawyers, bailiffs, consultants, etc.);
Hired data processors, such as IT service providers, to provide IT maintenance and support services;
These personal data may also be transferred to the competent authorities and / or law enforcement authorities (e.g. courts, police, or other supervisory authorities). However, your personal data will be provided only if it is necessary in accordance with the applicable legal acts and only in accordance with the procedure provided by legal acts, in order to ensure the Company's rights, security of the Company's customers, employees and resources
We note that your personal data is provided only to those third parties who ensure proper conditions for the processing and protection of personal data. Your personal data is not transferred to third countries (i.e. outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or to international organizations.
What rights do you have and how can you exercise them?
Data subjects whose personal data we process have the right to:
request, access and obtain a copy of your personal data;
request the correction or restriction of inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
request the deletion or restriction of redundant or unlawfully processed personal data, withdraw consent or there are other sufficient grounds for doing so;
not to consent to the processing of his or her personal data when the personal data are processed in accordance with consent or on the basis of legitimate interest;
to request the transfer of your personal data submitted in a systematized, computer-readable format when personal data is processed in accordance with consent or a contract (right to data portability);
the right to withdraw his consent at any time when the processing is based on the data subject's consent (pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a)). Withdrawal of the data subject's consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal of the consent;
to submit a complaint to the State Data Protection Inspectorate (ada@ada.lt).
We do not use profiling-based automated decision-making processes to process your personal data, which may have legal consequences or have a similarly significant impact on you. Nevertheless, you have the right to request human intervention to express your opinion or object to such an assignment - in which case your rating may be recalculated manually.
The data subject may exercise his / her rights by submitting a written request to the Company in person (to employee of the Company), by post, through a representative or by electronic means - e-mail. E-mail: duomenu.apsauga@scorify.lt, in writing - to the address: Olimpiečių st. 1A-24, LT-09235 Vilnius.
Upon placing request, the data subject must prove his / her identity in one of the following ways:
by submitting a request to an employee of the Company, together with a valid identity document;
by submitting a request by post or courier, together with a copy of a valid identity document certified in accordance with the procedure established by legal acts;
by submitting the application electronically, confirming it by electronic means of communication that allow proper identification of the person (e.g. mobile signature, qualified electronic signature, etc.).
Upon your request for the exercise of data subjects' rights, we will provide you with an answer immediately, but no later than within 1 month from the date of the request. This period may be extended by one month, if necessary, depending on the complexity and number of applications. You will be additionally notified of such an extension within one month. The information you request will be provided free of charge. However, if we see that your requests are manifestly unfounded or disproportionate, in particular due to their repetitive content, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee (i.e. to cover administrative costs) or to refuse to act on such request from the data subject.
The answer will be provided in the manner chosen in your request. If you do not specify in the request the way in which you wish to receive a reply, the reply will be sent to you in the same way as the request.
If the Company acts as a data controller, you should contact the data controller to whom you provided your data and / or services for the exercise of your rights. The company makes every effort to help enforce the data subject's rights and provide information to the customer (data controller).
How do we take care of the security of your personal data?
When processing your personal data, we apply appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect your personal data from accidental or unlawful disclosure, destruction, alteration, or other unlawful acts. The above measures are chosen considering the risks to your rights and freedoms as a data subject.
In this case, we ensure strict access control to the processed personal data, therefore we grant access to them only to those employees who need your personal data to perform work functions and monitor the use of the provided access. Access to personal data is ensured by using the appropriate level of passwords and concluding confidentiality agreements with the persons who access your personal data.
We note that all employees of the Company who have access to your personal data are acquainted with the requirements of personal data protection and must ensure the confidentiality of the processed personal data.
Where to address in case of questions?
For all questions you can contact the Company by email address:
info@scorify.ai
or by calling
+370 676 48676
.
Cookies used by the website:
Gyventojų registras
Sodra (Lietuvos valstybinio socialinio draudimo fondas)
Negaliojančių asmens dokumentų registras
Nekilnojamojo turto registras
Lietuvos banko paskolų rizikos duomenų bazė (PRDB)
Turto arešto aktų registras
Hipotekos registras
,,Nenoriu kredito“ registras ir NASIS
Ieškomų asmenų žinybinis registras
Kiti šaltiniai
Bankų sąskaitų išrašai
Kredito biuro sistema (KBS)
Kredito biuras Infobankas (KBI)
X
State Register of Population
Social Security Fund
The Register of Invalid Personal Documents
The Register of Real Estate
Loan Risk Database by the Bank of Lithuania (PRDB)
The Register of Property Seizure Acts
The Mortgage Register
Credit restrictions register & NASIS
The Register of Wanted Persons
Other data sources
Bank account data
System of Credit bureau (KBS)
Credit bureau Infobankas (KBI)
X
Sub-policy 2
https://www.samsung.com/uk/info/privacy/:
Choose your location and language.
United Kingdom / English
Ireland / English
Other Countries or location
United Kingdom / English
United Kingdom / English
Ireland / English
Other Countries or location
Continue
Close
previous menu
Open Search Layer
Search
close menu
Sign In/Sign-Up
Why Create a Samsung Account?
Open My Menu
Why Create a Samsung Account?
Shop
Shop
Offers
All Offers
Mobile Offers
Television Offers
Laptop & Computing Offers
Monitors Offers
Home Appliances Offers
Home Appliance Multibuy
Galaxy Gifts
Special Stores
Student & Youth Offers
Key Worker & Teacher Offers
Business Offers
Samsung KX LDN
Benefits
Why buy direct
Samsung Care+
Samsung Rewards
Mobile Trade-in
TV & Appliance Trade-up
Price Promise
Samsung Finance
PayPal credit
Klarna
Upgrade Members
Samsung Flex
New & Featured
Why buy direct
Download Shop App
Curated Collections
Mobile
Mobile
Mobile
Discover Mobile
Galaxy Smartphone
Galaxy Tab
Galaxy Book
Galaxy Watch
Galaxy Buds
Galaxy Ring
Galaxy Accessories
Galaxy AI
One UI
Samsung Health
Apps & Services
Why Galaxy
Switch to Galaxy
New & Featured
New
Galaxy S25 Ultra
New
Galaxy S25 | S25+
Galaxy Z Fold6
Galaxy Z Flip6
Galaxy A56 5G
Galaxy Tab S10 Series
Galaxy Watch Ultra
Galaxy Buds3 Pro
Galaxy AI
New
Galaxy Book5 Pro
TV & AV
TV & AV
TVs
All TVs
Neo QLED
OLED
QLED
Crystal UHD
The Frame
The Serif
The Terrace
The Sero
TV Accessories
TVs by Sizes
98 inch
83 & 85 inch
75 & 77 inch
65 inch
55 inch
48 & 50 inch
43 inch
32 inch or smaller
TVs by Resolution
8K TVs
4K TVs
Full HD/HD TVs
Sound Devices
All Sound Devices
Q-Series Soundbars
Ultra Slim Soundbars
S-Series Soundbars
B-Series Soundbars
Music Frame
Sound Tower
Audio Accessories
Projectors
All Projectors
The Premiere
The Freestyle
Projector Accessories
Discover
Why Samsung TV
Why 8K TV
Why Neo QLED
Why Samsung OLED
Why The Frame
Samsung Smart TV
Best Gaming TV
Super Big TV
Best Samsung TV for Sports
MICRO LED
Buying Guide
Help choose my TV
Help choose my Sound Device
TV Buying Guide
Soundbar Buying Guide
Discover TVs
Discover Lifestyle TVs
Discover Sound Devices
Discover Projectors
Appliances
Appliances
Refrigerators
All Refrigerators
French Door
Side-by-Side
Bottom Freezer
One Door
Refrigerator Accessories
Laundry
All Laundry
Washers
Washer Dryers
Tumble Dryers
Laundry Accessories
Vacuum Cleaners
All Vacuums
Jet Stick Vacuums
Jet Bot Robot Vacuums
Vacuum Accessories
Bespoke Jet
TM
Accessories
Refrigerator Accessories
Laundry Accessories
Vacuum Cleaner Accessories
Hood Accessories
Subscriptions
Cooking Appliances
All Cooking Appliances
Ovens
Hobs
Microwave Ovens
Hoods
Cooking Appliance Accessories
Dishwashers
All Dishwashers
Built-in
Free-standing
Discover
AI Energy Saving
Welcome to Bespoke AI
Smart Forward
Buying Guide
Refrigerators Buying Guide
Laundry Buying Guide
Vacuum Buying Guide
Appliances Buying Guide
Discover Refrigerators
Discover Laundry
Discover Vacuum Cleaners
Discover Cooking Appliances
Discover All Appliances
Computing & Displays
Computing & Displays
Galaxy Book & Laptops
All Laptops
Galaxy Book Ultra
Galaxy Book Pro 360
Galaxy Book Edge
Galaxy Book 360 & Galaxy Book
Galaxy Chromebook
Laptop Accessories
Copilot+ PCs
Computer Monitors
All Monitors
Odyssey Gaming
ViewFinity High Resolution
Smart Monitors
Ultrawide
Curved
4K UHD
Full HD
Displays for Business
Smart Signage
LED Signage
Commercial TVs
Business Monitors
Memory & Storage
All Memory & Storage
NVME SSD
SATA
SSD
Portable SSD
Memory Cards
USB Flash Drive
Discover
Why Odyssey Gaming Monitor
Why ViewFinity High Resolution
Compare Galaxy Books
Windows 11
Galaxy Books Download Center
Buying Guide
Help choose my Monitor
Monitor Buying Guide
Discover Galaxy Book
Discover Computer Monitors
Discover Memory & Storage
Galaxy Book5 Pro
Accessories
SmartThings
AI
AI
AI
Galaxy AI
Samsung AI TV
Bespoke AI
Discover
Discover AI
AI meets AI
Support
Support
Product Help
Support Home
Manual & Software
Search Support
Shop FAQ
Contact
Contact Us
Sign Language Support
Repairs & Warranty
Troubleshoot & Book a Repair
Track My Repair
Warranty Information
Regulatory Information
Repair Cost
Additional Support
News & Alerts
Community
Discover
Warranty
Manual Download
Contact Us
For Business
Search
Search
Basket
https://shop.samsung.com/uk/cart/
Number of products :
0
Sign In/Sign-Up
Sign In/Sign-Up
Why Create a Samsung Account?
Orders
Product Registration
Samsung Rewards
Members
Open My Menu
Why Create a Samsung Account?
My Page
Orders
Product Registration
My Rewards
Members
Log out
Navigation
Your basket is empty.
OK
Close
Sorry this item is out of stock
OK
Close
Remove
Code not valid with this product
Are you sure to remove this product?
Add to wishlist
Delete
Close
Privacy Policy
I have read and agree to the Samsung.com
Privacy Policy
Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.
By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including :
Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.
PROCEED TO SAMSUNG.COM
Close
Close Privacy Policy
Check preferences
Help us to make recommendations for you by telling us what you like
Yes
Later
Close Check Preferences
Search Form
Clear
Scan Barcode
No Suggestions
Suggested searches
POPULAR SEARCHES
RECENT SEARCHES
RELATED PRODUCTS
RECOMMENDED
Close
PRIVACY
SAMSUNG PRIVACY POLICY
selected
LIVE CHAT PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY OF E-COMMERCE PLATFORM
SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT
SAMSUNG PRIVACY POLICY HIGHLIGHTS
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (referred to as “Samsung Electronics”, “Samsung”, or “we” in this policy), headquartered in South Korea, knows how important privacy is to our customers. We want to make sure you understand how we collect and use your personal information across all of our Samsung devices and services, from mobile phones and tablets to TVs, home appliances, online services, and more.
While this Privacy Policy applies to all of our services, we will also provide additional information about privacy related to specific services where necessary.
OVERVIEW OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect personal information that you provide directly, information about how you use our services, and information from third party sources. We use this information to provide you with services, understand how you use our services so we can improve and personalise your experience, and develop the most relevant apps, technologies, and content for our customers. We also use personal information to provide personalised advertising tailored to your interests, in accordance with applicable law.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with affiliate companies of Samsung Electronics, as well as with companies that provide services on behalf of Samsung Electronics. We may also share your personal information with trusted partner companies, such as mobile service providers or insurance companies, that provide you with products and services that you request, as well as information about products and services you may be interested in. We may also share personal information with law enforcement agencies when it is required by law or to protect Samsung Electronics and its users.
GENERAL PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 28th December 2022.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Samsung devices and services, from mobile phones, tablets, TVs and home appliances, to the customer services and online services we provide. We will refer to these devices and services as the “Services” in this policy.
It is important that you check back often for updates to the Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Services or changes in applicable law. We will post a notice on our website or on your device to notify you in advance of material changes to our Privacy Policy and indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will always be available here:
https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy/
. In addition to this Privacy Policy, Samsung also provides specific privacy notices related to certain products and services. In the event of any deviation between the terms of this Privacy Policy and a specific privacy notice, the terms of the specific privacy notice shall prevail.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Samsung Electronics collects your personal information in a variety of ways.
Information You Provide Directly
Some Services enable you to provide us information directly.
For example:
When you create an account or profile with us, we ask for information such as your name, date of birth, or contact information such as phone number and email address.
If you order a product or paid service from us, we ask for your name, address, contact information, and shipping and payment information to process your order. You can also choose to save your payment information with us so you can check out more easily next time.
To provide responses when you contact Customer Service, we ask for certain information to verify your identity and the product you are inquiring about.
When you communicate with our Customer Service teams, any information you provide during your consultation, such as information on your consultation and related products and services, and any relevant outcomes including repair history, is collected to provide you with better service.
If you share your contacts, we will collect their phone numbers and other contact information to facilitate file sharing and messaging. You can turn off or restrict these features in the Settings on your devices.
Information About Your Use of Services.
In addition to the information you provide, we collect information about your use of our Services through software on your devices and by other means. This information includes:
Device information
Your device hardware (such as the model and manufacturer) and software information (such as the operating system and software versions), IMEI number and other unique device identifiers (such as the mobile country code, mobile network code, MAC address, IP address, serial number, device unique IDs, advertising ID (e.g. for mobile devices, Google AD ID and Android ID and for Samsung visual display devices, including Samsung Smart TVs, Personalised Service ID (“PSID”) and Tizen Identifier for Advertising (“TIFA”))), phone number, sales code, access recording, cookies, pixels and similar technologies (as described below in “Cookies, beacons and similar technologies”), subscription information, and settings of the devices you use to access the Services.
Log information
Diagnostic, technical, error, and usage information such as the time and duration of your use of the Services, Services installed on your devices, search query terms when you enter search terms into your device in connection with a particular Samsung Service, any information stored in cookies that we have set on your devices, and error reports and dump logs.
Location information
Information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and, with your separate consent, your device’s GPS signal, may be transmitted to us when you use certain Services. In addition, for certain Services, zip codes or postal codes and inferred locations using IP addresses may be transmitted to us when you use such Services.
Voice information
Recordings of your voice that we make and collect on our servers when you enable this function and use voice commands to control a Service are covered by the separate Bixby privacy policy. We also collect and store recordings of your voice when you contact our Customer Service team. Note that if we work with a third party service provider that provides speech-to-text conversion services or call center services on our behalf, this provider may also receive and store certain voice commands in accordance with the contract concluded between us and the trusted third-party service provider.
Samsung Keyboard information
The words that you type when you enable “Predictive text”. This feature may be offered in connection with your Samsung account to synchronise the data for use on your other Samsung mobile devices. You can clear the data by going to the “Predictive text” settings.
Publicly or Commercially Available or Shared Informations
We sometimes gather publicly or commercially available information, including information from social networks you use, and combine this with other information about you so that we can better understand your needs, interests, and preferences.
Other Information We Collect
We also collect other information about you, your devices, or your use of Services that you consent to send us. We obtain your consent in accordance with applicable law.
Third Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps, and other online features and services. We use third-party analytics services on the Services, such as those of Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. The service providers that administer these analytics services help us to analyse your use of the Services and to improve the Services. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services, help administer the Services, and diagnose technical issues. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Your Options
You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information, such as information requested as part of purchasing a product or service. In some cases, this may limit your ability to use some Services. We will do our best to explain these limitations when we ask for your information so that you can make an informed decision.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To help you or your device register for our Services.
To provide a Service or feature you request.
To provide customised content and personalised services based on your past activities on our Services.
To provide personalised and/or generalised advertising, promotions, and offers that might interest you on our Services, websites, third-party websites, and online platforms such as social media sites (in accordance with applicable law). We will only send you personalised advertising, promotions, and offers when you have provided your consent to receive marketing communications from Samsung.
To provide promotions and offers by way of direct marketing communications (such as via email, push, or text messages), only where you have given us your separate consent.
To operate, evaluate, and improve our business, including developing and improving new and existing products and services, managing and improving our communications, analysing our Services and customer base (including conducting market research, asking for your opinions on our products and services, and carrying out customer surveys, with your separate consent if required) and aggregating and anonymising data.
To provide software updates, maintenance services, and support for your devices.
To provide customer support to you when your devices are in warranty.
To ensure product safety and to prevent fraud when your products are out of warranty, we will collect your IMEI and serial number.
To verify your device for repairs.
To protect the legal rights and interests, property, or safety of Samsung Electronics, or any of our affiliates, business partners, or customers.
To respond to your requests and queries, including about your personal information..
To protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims, and other liabilities.
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies, including the Samsung Privacy Policy.
To analyse a defective device that is returned to Samsung. Samsung takes measures to ensure that all defective devices are wiped of personal data before such devices are analysed.
We use and combine the information we collect about you from our Services, devices, or other sources to provide you with a better experience. For example, you can save payment information you used to make a purchase on our website so that you can check out faster next time you make a purchase. We also use the information you provide directly or through other sources as described above to provide content you may like or that you have personalised.
You can make choices about your information. Check out the
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
section to learn more.
Non-targeted Ads
Please note that your privacy choice with respect to interest-based or personalised ads (“targeted ads”) will not affect whether or not you receive or are served with generic, basic, or contextual types of ads (“non-targeted ads”) that are not specifically based on the information we describe to you to provide targeted ads for a particular Service.
For mobile devices, the information we use to show you non-targeted ads includes the applicable app information (e.g. app package, version, name, and domain), device information (e.g. device type, manufacturer, operating system, version, display information, telecommunications provider, country, and language), and device identifiers (e.g. IP and advertising ID). We share this data with trusted business partners (data controllers) and trusted service providers (processors) to provide you with non-targeted ads, subject to appropriate contractual safeguards being in place.
Samsung processes this limited data on the basis of its legitimate interest to serve non-targeted ads. These ads might be less relevant because they are not based on your interests.
[For European Economic Area (EEA) Residents only]
Samsung processes personal information for the purposes described above. Samsung’s legal basis to process personal information includes processing:
(i) So that we can keep our promises to you (performance of contract, GDPR Article 6(1)(b)), such as providing you with a Service.
(ii) To promote our business interests (legitimate interest, GDPR Article 6(1)(f)) (for example, to manage our relationship with you, improve your customer service experience, and provide generic ads), including communications on our website, third party websites, and online platforms.
(iii) To comply with the law and legal processes (GDPR Article 6(1)(c)).
(iv) With your consent (GDPR Article 6(1)(a) (and Article 9 in the case of special categories of data), for example, to send direct marketing communications. When we ask for your consent, we will give you information about what information we are using, and how you can revoke your consent. Alternatively, to revoke your consent, you can contact us as specified in the
CONTACT US
section of this Privacy Policy.
Samsung Electronics is the data controller of your personal information as described above. For some direct marketing communications and some personalised advertising in Europe, Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited, which is located in the United Kingdom, is also the data controller of your personal information. Some of our European Samsung subsidiaries also process your personal information. In some situations, they will act as a data controller, including for customer services and some marketing activities. Where the European Samsung subsidiary is a data controller, you can refer to its own local Privacy Policy on its website to understand how it processes your personal information.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
We disclose your information internally within our business, as well as to the following entities, for the purposes described above.
We will also disclose your information to the following entities, only to the extent that this will be necessary to provide our Services:
Affiliates:
Other Samsung Electronics Group companies which we control or own.
Business Partners:
Partners who we work together with. For example, we may work with a bank so that you can use one of our Services to make faster and more efficient payments. These business partners control and manage your personal information.
Service Providers:
Carefully selected companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as companies that help us with repairs, customer contact centers, customer care activities, advertising (including personalised advertising on our websites, third-party websites, online platforms, and social media platforms), conducting customer satisfaction surveys, billing, or that send emails on our behalf. These providers are also committed to protecting your information.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services:
For example, it may be necessary by law, legal process, or court order from governmental authorities to disclose your information. They may also seek your information from us for the purposes of law enforcement, national security, anti-terrorism, or other issues that are related to public security.
Other Parties in Connection with Corporate Transactions:
We may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy.
Other Parties with Your Consent or at Your Direction:
In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE?
We take data protection seriously. We have put in place physical and technical safeguards to keep the information we collect secure. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure.
WHERE DO WE SEND YOUR DATA?
Your use of our Services will involve the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information within and outside of your country of residence, consistent with this policy. In particular, your personal information will be transferred to the Republic of Korea.
[For European Economic Area (EEA) Residents Only]
In addition, your use of the Services may also involve the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information to other countries where necessary; such countries include, without limitation, countries in the European Economic Area, the United States of America, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, China, Singapore, Vietnam, India, Canada, Mexico, the Philippines, and Japan. Some countries have been determined by the European Commission to adequately protect your personal data. You can find a list of those countries here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en.
Please note that the data protection laws and other laws of countries to which your information may be transferred might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. We will take appropriate measures, in compliance with applicable law, to ensure that your personal information remains protected. Such measures include the use of Standard Contractual Clauses to safeguard the transfer of data outside of the EEA and the United Kingdom. To request more information or to obtain a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses, contact us. See the
CONTACT US
section
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
Your personal information belongs to you. In accordance with applicable law, you have the right to ask us to provide details about what we have collected, and you can ask us to delete it or correct any inaccuracies. You can also ask us to restrict or limit processing, sharing, or transfer of your personal information, as well as to provide to you your personal information that we have collected so you can use it for your own purposes. You have the right to data portability, which means you can ask us to provide your personal information to you or to a third party in a machine-readable format. You can also object to your personal information being processed and can withdraw your consent. However, requesting the deletion of your personal information may also result in a loss of access to Services we provide. We will not delete data that we are required by law to retain.
You also have the right to object to processing on the basis of legitimate interests, and to object to processing for marketing purposes, including profiling.
To make a request concerning your rights or to make an inquiry, contact us. See the
CONTACT US
section.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This means that information will be destroyed or erased from our systems when it is no longer required.
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic:
1. At least the duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service;
2. At least the duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service;
3. Only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or for longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
WHAT THIRD-PARTY SERVICES DO WE USE?
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality in our Services is provided by third parties. These third parties may use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels, and other tools to collect information about your use of these Services. These third parties are not controlled directly by Samsung, so we recommend that you check their privacy policies to understand how they use your data.
For some apps and services, including social networks, we receive and store sign-in information, as well as other information that you allow us to receive when you connect with these apps and services.
COOKIES, BEACONS, AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We, along with certain third parties such as content providers and advertisers, may also use technologies called cookies, beacons, or pixels, as well as other tools (collectively known as “technologies”) that communicate information from your device to a server. These technologies can be embedded in online content, videos, and advertisements. They allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular advertisement, and determine the time and date on which you viewed the content as well as information about your device, including the IP address of your device. We, and third parties, use these technologies for purposes such as verifying that content and ads have been delivered and viewed correctly.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone, or other devices. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices, and browsing sessions. Cookies serve many useful purposes. For example:
Cookies can remember your sign-in credentials so you don’t have to enter those credentials each time you log on to a service.
Cookies help us and third parties understand which parts of our Services are the most popular because they help us to see which pages and features visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on the pages. Studying this information helps us to adapt our Services and provide you with a better experience.
Cookies help us and third parties understand which ads you have seen so you do not get the same ad each time you access a Service.
Cookies help us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting information about your use of our Services and other websites and apps.
We use the following types of cookies across our Services:
Essential Cookie:
Enable you to receive the services you request via our website. Without these cookies, Services that you have asked for cannot be provided. For example, essential cookies may be used to authenticate you when you log-in. These cookies are automatically enabled and cannot be turned off because they are essential to enable our Services to work effectively.
Performance Cookies:
: Enable us to analyse the performance and design of our Services and detect errors. For example, this type of cookie enables us to recognise that you have used a service before, and shows us which of our apps are most popular by allowing us to see which pages visitors access most frequently and how much time visitors spend on each app. We use Google Analytics, Adobe, and similar analytics cookies to achieve this.
This type of cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.
Functionality and profile cookies:
Allow us to deliver a better user experience. For example, this type of cookie ensures that the information displayed on your next visit to our website will match up with your user preferences or your Samsung account from which you linked to a Service. This type of cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.
Advertising / targeting cookies:
Enable us and our carefully selected partners to personalise our website, deliver advertisements to you, or contact you directly where you have separately consented to such communications, in a way which is relevant to you and which matches your interests by, for example, using information about Services you have accessed through our apps. We may use and combine your cookie data with the information we collect about you from other sources to provide you with a better experience. For example to provide you with more relevant direct marketing, but only where you have consented to receive direct marketing.

We may allow carefully selected third parties to place this type of cookie or similar technologies for this purpose. For example, and without limitation, we use Google remarketing tags to allow our retail partners to advertise products which you have browsed on our website. You can learn more about how Google remarketing tags work here:
https://www.thinkwithgoogle.com/intl/en-gb/
. In addition, third parties such as Facebook may place cookies to track you across applicable websites and across other websites.
We may also work with carefully selected business partners to deliver advertising jointly. This may involve combining cookie data collected from our website with data collected by our business partner. Depending on which cookies you enable, we may also use information collected to understand our customers’ preferences and to influence future advertising campaigns including how we select who we direct our marketing to.
We, and our carefully selected business partners, may place cookies when we show ads for our products or services on third-party websites and when you click on those ads, so we know which sites and ads our customers have seen and which ads have been interacted with. We and our business partners only use these cookies if you give your consent to the operator of the third-party site. You can adjust your preferences in relation to these cookies on those third-party sites. We will use this type of cookie for a period of 13 months.
Third party cookies:
Our Services may also display content from a third party website or service, which may result in cookies from third parties being stored on your device. You can manage your preferences for these third parties in the same way as for Samsung cookies. Please see below for more details on how to manage your preferences. We do not control the storage and use of these cookies by these third parties, and you should refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third parties for more information. For more information on other service providers, please contact us by visiting our Privacy Support Page at
https://www.samsung.com/request-desk
. This type of cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.
Beacons and/or Pixels
We, along with certain third parties, use technologies called beacons or pixels that communicate information from your device to a server. Beacons can be embedded in online content, ads, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, and determine the time and date on which you viewed relevant content as well as the IP address of your device. We and certain third parties use beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyse the use of our Services and, along with other information, to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
Other Local Storage
We, along with certain third parties, use other kinds of local storage technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as Flash cookies) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with our Services. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above. They are stored on your devices and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Local Shared Objects, visit
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
.
Cookies are retained for no longer than necessary to provide the function for which they are used. This will vary depending on the specific Service. For example, a cookie to authenticate log-in may be kept for a longer period of time than a cookie used to allow you to place items in a shopping basket as a guest on our website.
How to manage your preferences
Where we use these technologies on our Services, you can withdraw your consent or manage your preferences at any time. However, some technologies are essential or necessary to run the Service and cannot be changed. Visit the settings or cookie preference menu on the relevant Services or on your device for more information on how to manage these options.
CONTACT US
You can contact us to update your preferences, correct your information, submit a request, or ask us questions.
The easiest way to do so is through the Support section of
https://www.samsung.com/
You can also contact us at:
Data Controller
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16677, Republic of Korea
[For European Economic Area (EEA) Residents Only]
Samsung Electronics has offices across Europe, so we can ensure that your request or query will be handled by the data protection team based in your region.
The easiest way to contact us is through our Privacy Support Page at
https://www.samsung.com/request-desk
.
You can also contact us at:
European Data Protection Officer
Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited
Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS, UK
You can lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes applicable law. Contact details for all EU and EEA supervisory authorities can be found at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
If you are in the UK, you can find the contact details for the UK supervisory authority at
Contact us
LIVE CHAT PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Notice for Samsung Chatbot, Text and Video Chat
This Privacy Notice is supplemental to Samsung’s general privacy policy at
www.samsung.com/uk/info/privacy
(“GPP”) and explains the privacy practices of Samsung Electronics Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of England and headquartered at Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS (together “Samsung”, “we”, “us”, “our”) with respect to the information collected by Samsung for the purposes of operating our customer support Chatbot, as well as providing the facility by which customers can chat directly with members of the Samsung customer support team by either video or text chat.
This Privacy Notice provides details about how your personal information will be collected, used, shared, and stored by Samsung when operating our Chatbot, and should always be read together with the GPP.
In case of any inconsistency or conflict between the terms of this Privacy Notice and the GPP, the terms of this Privacy Notice shall prevail.
Samsung Electronics (UK) Ltd acts as data controller for the processing of your personal data.
What types of information will Samsung collect about you?
When you use the Chatbot, text or video chat or communicate with us through WhatsApp, we may collect the following categories of information:
Name
Phone number
Email address
Service Order number (if applicable)
Model number of device
Details of your query
Where you have logged in to the Chatbot whilst already logged in to your Samsung Account, we will combine personal data we collected on you through your Samsung Account to better understand your identity and the nature of your query.
When you use text chat, we will retain a copy of the chat following your discussion with us.
When you use video chat, we will also collect video and audio recordings of your chat.
How is the collected information used?
Samsung will use the collected information described above for the following purposes:
To administer the running and operation of the Chatbot, video and text chat (including chat by WhatsApp) services;
To analyse use of the Chatbot, video and text chat services;
In relation to video and audio recordings of your video chat – for training and quality control purposes
Samsung’s legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract between you and Samsung (for example, to provide you the Chatbot); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement) and necessary for Samsung’s legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the operation of the Chatbot).
How can you delete information obtained by Samsung?
You may contact Samsung’s data protection team at
dataprotection.seuk@samsung.com
to request that your personal data is deleted.
To whom do we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose your information internally within our business to the relevant teams such as, without limitation, the customer services team, the legal team, and where you have chosen to receive marketing messages, the marketing teams. We may also share your personal data with third party service providers who assist us in providing video and text chat services to you. We do this in a manner which is compliant with data protection legislation.
Please note that we may also share your personal data with other members of the Samsung Electronics Group of companies (including our parent company, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd, based in the Republic of Korea), where this is relevant.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we obtain through Samsung against unlawful or unauthorised destruction, interference, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use. However, please note that despite our reasonable efforts to protect your information, no system or wireless connection is completely secure.
International Data Transfer
Your use of Samsung Chatbot and video and text chat services may involve the transfer, storage, and processing of your information outside of your country of residence, consistent with this policy. Such countries may include, without limitation, the Republic of Korea. Please note that the data protection and other laws of countries to which your information may be transferred might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. We will take appropriate measures, in compliance with applicable law, to ensure that your personal information remains protected. A copy of these clauses can be obtained by contacting us as specified in the
How to Contact Us
section of this Privacy Notice.
Retention of Personal Data
We take appropriate steps to ensure that information about you is only retained based on the following logic:
at least the duration for which the information is used to provide you with the Chatbot/ video/ text chat related services);
as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations; or
only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards.
Any text chats and video recordings will be held for a maximum of 12 months from recording in any event.
Your Rights and Choices
You are entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to object to or request restriction of the processing of your personal information, to exercise your right of data portability and to request access to, rectification, or removal of your own personal information.
You may also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes applicable law. The relevant supervisory authority for the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
How to Contact Us
If you have any specific questions, please contact us (EU Data Controller) at:
European Data Protection Officer
Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited
Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS
You can also contact us by visiting our
Privacy Support page
.
PRIVACY POLICY OF E-COMMERCE PLATFORM
Privacy Policy of E-commerce Platform
Samsung Electronics, including its affiliate group companies, know how important privacy is to our customers. We want to make sure you understand how we collect and use your personal information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information, enabling us to provide this online sales platform (Samsung.com) and the Samsung Shop Mobile App (the “E-Commerce Platform”) and allowing you to browse and purchase our products. Different Samsung entities in the Samsung group of companies will collect and process your data for different purposes, in particular Samsung Electronics (UK) Ltd and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd located in Korea (collectively “Samsung Electronics”).
If you decide to use the Samsung Upgrade Programme, credit and/or insurance services and/or apply to a network operator to receive network services (“Network Services”) via our E-Commerce Platform your personal data will be processed by partner companies who assist us in operating these services, and (in the case of the Network Services), the network operator who will provide the Network Services to you directly. The privacy policies of these companies will be made available to you at the point at which your personal data is provided to them.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Samsung Electronics collects your personal information in a variety of ways.
Information You Provide Directly
We collect information from you when you use our E-Commerce Platform. For example:
When you sign in to our E-Commerce Platform using Samsung account we will receive access to information from your   account such as your name or email address. If you order a product from us, we will collect your purchase details and will ask for your name, address, contact information and shipping information and method of payment to process your order. Where your order contains an application for Network Services, we may also collect your employment status, previous address history and any other information required by our partner companies and the network operator for the relevant credit and security checks to be carried out.
In order to provide responses to you when you contact customer service, we may need information to verify your identity and the product you are inquiring about.
When you interact with our Customer Services staff, your communications will be transmitted through our systems.
Information About Your Use of the E-Commerce Platform.
In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of
            our
            E-Commerce Platform. We will collect:
Information about the product you purchase – hardware model, IMEI number, serial number.
Device information - IP address, cookies, beacons.
Log information –any information stored in cookies that we have set on your device.
Other information about your use of the E-Commerce Platform, including how you interact with content
                    offered through the Platform.
Third Party Analytics
Through certain Services, we may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services on the Services, such as those of Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these analytics services help us to analyze your use of the Services and improve the Services. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Services, help administer the Services and diagnose technical issues. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Your Options
You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information, such as information requested as part of registering a Samsung account. In some cases, this may limit your ability to use some services. We will do our best to explain these limitations when we are asking for your information so you can make an informed decision.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We will use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To provide you with services, including the opportunity to enter into a sales agreement with the operator of the Samsung online store as well as options to trade in a device, take out insurance, obtain credit for the purchase or apply for Network Services;
To provide customized content and provide personalized services based on your past activities on our E-Commerce Platform;
To provide customized advertising, promotions, and offers on our website, third party websites, and online platforms (for example, a social media site) if we consider that you will be interested in them;
To provide promotions and offers by way of direct marketing communications only where you have given us your separate consent
To analyse our products and services to help us better understand more about our customers in order to offer the most relevant communications, services and experiences to you;
To ask you for your opinions on our products and services and to carry out customer surveys with your separate consent if required;
To comply with the law and legal process; and
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Samsung Electronics, or any of our affiliates, business partners, or customers (which may include accessing the IMEI number of a device sold to you through the Samsung Shop to remotely disable the device, in circumstances where the device has been reported lost or stolen, or where you have failed to provide us with a traded-in device which was promised to us as part of the purchase price through the Samsung Trade-In Programme).
We use and combine the information we collect about you from our E-Commerce Platform, devices, or other lawful ways to provide you with a better experience. For example, you can use your Samsung account details not only on the E-Commerce Platform, but for other services which use Samsung account. We also use the information you provide directly or through other sources as described above to provide content you may like or that you have personalized to your specific taste. Sometimes, you may have choices regarding your information. Check out the
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
section to learn more.
Samsung processes personal information for the purposes described above. Samsung’s legal basis to process personal information includes processing:
Samsung processes personal information for the purposes described above. Samsung’s legal
            basis
            to process personal information includes processing:
so that we can keep our promise to you, such as providing you with the E-Commerce Platform;
To promote our business interests, for example, to manage our relationship with you and improve your
                    customer service experience, including communications on our website, third party websites, and
                    online
                    platforms;
To comply with law and legal process; and
with your consent, for example to provide direct marketing communications. However, if you give
                    consent,
                    you can always revoke this by contacting us as specified in the
CONTACT
                            US
section of this Privacy Policy.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
We will disclose your information internally within our business, but only to those who need
            it
            to further provide you with services or to help with your request.
We will also disclose your information to the following entities, only to the extent that
            this
            will be necessary to perform our services:
Affiliates. Other Samsung Electronics Group companies we control or own.
Business Partners. Partners who we work together with to provide you the services you have requested
                    or
                    opted to buy. These business partners control and manage your personal information, including the
                    partners who provide our trade in option and Network Services. They will have their own privacy policies which set out
                    details of how they use your personal data.
Service Providers. Carefully selected companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such
                    as
                    companies that help us with repairs, customer contact centers, customer care activities, financial
                    services, advertising, including customized advertising on our website, third party websites, or
                    online
                    platforms, conducting customer satisfaction surveys, billing, or that send emails on our behalf.
                    These
                    providers are also committed to protecting your information.
Other Parties when required by law or as necessary to protect our services. There may be instances
                    when
                    we disclose your information to other parties. For example, it may be necessary by law and legal
                    process, or by other court order from governmental authorities to disclose your information. They
                    may
                    also seek your information from us for the purpose of law enforcement, national security,
                    anti-terrorism
                    or other issues that are related to public security.
Other Parties in Connection with Corporate Transactions: We may disclose your information to a third
                    party as part of a merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE?
We take data protection seriously. We have put in place physical and technical safeguards to
            keep the information we collect secure. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to
            protect
            your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely
            secure.
WHERE DO WE SEND YOUR DATA?
Your use of our E-Commerce Platform will involve the transfer, storage, and processing of
            your
            personal information within and outside of your country of residence consistent with this policy. In
            particular,
            your personal information will be transferred to the Republic of Korea. Please note that the data protection
            and
            other laws of countries to which your information may be transferred might not be as comprehensive as those
            in
            your country.
In addition, your use of the Services may also involve the transfer, storage, and processing
            of
            your personal information to other countries; such countries include, without limitation, countries in the
            European Economic Area, the United States of America, Brazil and India. We will take appropriate measures,
            in
            compliance with applicable law, to ensure that your personal information remains protected. Such measures
            include the use of Standard Contractual Clauses to safeguard the transfer of data outside of the EEA. To
            request
            more information, or to obtain a copy of the contractual agreements in place, please see our contact details
            below in the
CONTACT US
section
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
Your personal information belongs to you. You can ask us to provide details about what we’ve
            collected, and you can ask us to delete it or correct any inaccuracies. You can also ask us to restrict or
            limit
            processing, sharing, or transfer of your personal information, as well as providing your personal
            information
            that we have collected to you so you can use it for your own purposes. We will not delete data that we are
            required by law to retain.
To make a request concerning your rights or to make an enquiry, contact us as specified in
            the
CONTACT US
section.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for the purpose it
            was
            collected. This means that information will be destroyed or erased from our systems when it is no longer
            required.
We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based
            on
            the following logic:
1. at least the duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service;
2. as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations; or
3. only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer
                    if
                    required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate
                    safeguards.
WHAT THIRD PARTY SERVICES DO WE USE?
Some of the additional services such as online payments and credit services, content,
            advertising, and functionality in our services are provided by third parties. These third parties may also
            use
            cookies, beacons, tracking pixels, and other tools to collect information about your use of their and/or our
            services. These third parties are not controlled directly by Samsung, so we recommend that you check their
            privacy policies and/or terms and conditions to understand how they use your data and provide services.
For some apps and services, including social networks, we receive and store sign-in
            information,
            as well as other information that you allow us to receive when you connect with these apps and services.
COOKIES, BEACONS, AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We, as well as certain third parties that provide content, advertising, or other
            functionality
            on our Services, use cookies, pixels, beacons, and other technologies in certain areas of our services, as
            explained in more detail below.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone, or other
            device. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different
            websites,
            services, devices, and/or browsing sessions. Cookies serve many useful purposes. For example:
Cookies can remember your sign-in credentials so you don’t have to enter those credentials each time
                    you
                    log on to a service.
Cookies help us and third parties understand which parts of our services are the most popular
                    because
                    they help us to see which pages and features visitors are accessing and how much time they are
                    spending
                    on the pages. By studying this kind of information, we are better able to adapt the services and
                    provide
                    you with a better experience.
Cookies help us and third parties understand which ads you have seen so that you don’t receive the
                    same
                    ad each time you access a service.
Cookies help us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting
                    information about your use of our services and other websites and apps.
When you use a web browser to access the services, you can configure your browser to accept all cookies,
                reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. Each browser is different, so check the “Help”
                menu
                of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. The operating system of your device may
                contain additional controls for cookies.
                Please note, however, that some services may be designed to work using cookies and that disabling
                cookies
                may affect your ability to use those services, or certain parts of them.
                We use the following types of cookies on our website:
Essential Cookies
These enable you to order products and receive services from our website;
Performance Cookies
Theses enable us to analyse the performance and design of our website and detect errors. For
            example, this type of cookie allows us to recognise that you have visited our website before and shows which
            sections of our website are most popular by allowing us to see which pages visitors access most frequently
            and
            how much time visitors spend on each page. We use, without limitation, Google Analytics, Adobe, and similar
            analytics cookies to achieve this.
            For example, the information generated by the cookie about the use of the website will normally be stored on
            a
            Google server in the United States. However, if you are located within the EU or the European Economic Area,
            your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand. In exceptional cases only, your full address will be
            transmitted to a Google server in the United States and shortened there. On our behalf, Google will use this
            information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating
            to
            website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted from your browser as part of Google
            Analytics
            will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may prevent web usage data (including your IP
            address) generated by the cookie from being transmitted to Google and processed there if you download and
            install this Browser-Plugin (
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
).
Functional Cookies
which allow us to deliver a better user experience. For example, this type of cookie ensures
            that the information displayed on your next visit to our website will match up with your user preferences,
            or
            your Samsung account from which you linked to our website, or the fact that you linked to our website via an
            email sent to you by Samsung or one of our trusted third party service providers contacting you on our
            behalf.
Advertising Cookies
which enables us and our carefully selected partners to deliver advertisements to you, or
            contact you directly where you have separately consented to such communications, which match your interests
            by,
            for example, collecting information about products you have browsed or ordered on our website. For example,
            and
            without limitation, we use Google remarketing tags to allow our retail partners to advertise products which
            you
            have browsed on our website. For further information about how Google remarketing tags work, please click
            here:
http://www.google.co.uk/think/products/newremarketing-tag.html
.
            Our website may also display content from a third party website or service, which may result in cookies from
            third parties being stored on your hard drive or browser. We do not control the storage of these cookies and
            you
            should refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third party for more information.
Other Local Storage
We, along with certain third parties, may use other kinds of local storage technologies,
            such as
            Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with our
            services. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your
            device
            and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these
            technologies
            may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to
            control
            them using standard browser tools and settings. For information about disabling or deleting information
            contained in Flash cookies, please click here
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
.
Beacons and/or Pixels
We, along with certain third parties, may also use technologies called beacons or pixels
            that
            communicate information from your device to a server. Beacons and pixels can be embedded in online content,
            videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when
            you
            have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you
            viewed
            the beacon and pixels, and the IP address of your device. We and certain third parties use beacons and
            pixels
            for a variety of purposes, including to analyse the use of our Services and (in conjunction with cookies) to
            provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
When you access and use our Services (except for websites provided by third party service
            providers), you will be asked to provide your separate consent to the storage of cookies (which includes
            other
            local storage technologies, beacons, pixels and other information on your devices) by us. You will also be
            asked
            to provide your separate consent to the access of such cookies (which includes local storage technologies,
            beacons, pixels and information) by us and by the third parties mentioned above. Your experience of our
            website/services may be affected if you do not accept cookies, and further information will be provided to
            you
            at the time we ask you for this specific consent.
CONTACT US
You can contact us to update your preferences, correct your information, submit a request or
            ask
            us questions.
Data Controller
Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited
Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS, UK
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
129, Samsung-ro, Yeongtong-gu,
Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16677, Korea
If you have any specific questions, please contact us at:
European Data Protection Officer
Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited
Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS, UK
You can also contact us by visiting our
Privacy Support Page
. We are a global company with offices across Europe. This means
            that we will ensure your request or query is dealt with by the data protection team based in your region.
You may lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that our
            processing of your personal information infringes applicable law. Contact details for all EU Supervisory
            Authorities can be found
here
.
If you are in the UK, you can find the contact details for the UK supervisory authority at
Contact us
.
SOCIAL MEDIA CONTENT USE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Thank you for agreeing to let Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited (Samsung) use your photo, video, post and/or other online content (the “Content”). To make sure that there is no misunderstanding between us, these Terms and Conditions will identify the terms and conditions of our agreement. By replying #YES:
1. You irrevocably grant Samsung the right to use and display your Content, in any media, worldwide, for any lawful commercial purpose, in original or edited form, including: on Samsung’s social media accounts, websites, blogs, digital displays, advertising, and generally in the promotion of Samsung’s products or services. Such rights also extend to Samsung’s subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, employees, representatives, assigns, licensees, and anyone else acting on behalf of Samsung.
2. Samsung reserves the right without your approval, to edit, change or alter your Content as it deems necessary.
3. You accept that there will be not form of payment made to you or to a third party, for the use of the ‘Content’.
4. You agree that you may not subsequently withdraw your permission for Samsung to use your Content.
5. By giving Samsung permission to use you Content, you represent and warrant to Samsung that:
(a) the Content is your original work and you own it and all intellectual property rights in it and have all necessary rights to grant Samsung the rights set out in these Terms (including in relation to copyrights, trademarks, private or public buildings, performances, sounds, and music) or, if you are not the owner of such rights, you have already obtained permission from the owner of such rights, and will inform us if this is incorrect or such permission is withdrawn at any time;
(b) Samsung’s use of your Content as provided herein will not infringe intellectual property, privacy, image, performance, or publicity rights, or any other rights of any third party, require the payment of any compensation to any third party, or breach any applicable laws;
(c) nothing in your Content will be illegal, defamatory, obscene, or threatening to any third party; and
(d) you are over 18 years of age and have the right to agree to these Terms.
6. You hereby release Samsung from any claims related to Samsung’s use of the Content as permitted herein, whether in existence today or in the future, including, without limitation, all rights, demands and/or liabilities regarding invasion of privacy, copyright infringement, violation of the rights of publicity and privacy, moral rights and/o breach of confidentiality.
By replying #YES, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understand, and agree to the above Terms and Conditions.
Home
Home
Privacy Info
Privacy Info
Go to Top
Enter Your Email
Please double check your email address.
I have read and agree to the Samsung Shop Online
Terms and Conditions
I would like to receive marketing information and updates about Samsung’s products and services by email from Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited
I have read and agree to the Samsung
Privacy Policy
* Required field
By providing your email you agree to receive inventory alerts from Samsung.
Close
Submit
Close popup
We will email you when inventory is added.
Thank you.
Submit
Close popup
Close
My Wishlist 1
My Wishlist 2
My Wishlist 3
My Wishlist 4
My Wishlist 5
My Wishlist 6
My Wishlist 7
My Wishlist 8
My Wishlist 9
My Wishlist
My Wishlist 1
My Wishlist 2
My Wishlist 3
My Wishlist 4
My Wishlist 5
My Wishlist 6
My Wishlist 7
My Wishlist 8
My Wishlist 9
Close popup
Product Registration
Quick-and-easy product registration..
Receive up-to-date personalised services and tips.
Serial Number/IMEI
Enter your Serial Number/IMEI
Enter serial number/IMEI
QR Scan
Scan the QR code on your products for easy registration.
* This feature can only be supported on Samsung Home Appliances and non-smart B2C monitors.
Scan QR code
Enter your Serial Number/IMEI
Quick-and-easy product registration.
Serial Number/IMEI
Please enter the 11 or 15- digit number.
This product is already registered. Make sure you entered the right serial number or IMEI.
How to find Serial Number or IMEI
Expand
TV & AV
Mobile Device
Home Appliance
PC & Office
Camera & Camcorder
Type
TV & AV
TV & AV
Mobile Device
Home Appliance
PC & Office
Camera & Camcorder
Television
Blu-ray
Home cinema
MP3/MP4 Player
Sub Type
Television
Television
Blu-ray
Home cinema
MP3/MP4 Player
SUHD
UHD
FHD
HD
Category
SUHD
SUHD
UHD
FHD
HD
Back view
The serial number and model name are printed on the label located on the lower left side of the device’s exterior, near the front. They are also on a second label, inside the refrigerator compartment on a side wall above the top shelf.
Back view
The serial number and model name are printed on the label located on the lower left side of the device’s exterior, near the front. They are also on a second label, inside the refrigerator compartment on a side wall above the top shelf.
Back
Check
Product registration is almost complete!!
You've entered a valid S/N or IMEI. Now select the model of your product.
Back
Enter your Model Number
Suggested searches
No result. Please try again.
Back
Select
Close
Galaxy Book3 Ultra
SM-G996BZKGEUA
Serial Number: R3CR508WNAH
Confirm
Close
The device you are currently using does not support the camera function.
Please try again with a different device.
Confirm
Close
Continue without accepting
Samsung Electronics, and its partners, use cookies and similar technologies (collectively “technologies”) to store and access information on your device. Some of these technologies are technically essential to provide you with a secure, well-functioning and reliable website.  We would also like to set optional/non-essential technologies to give you the best user experience. Optional technologies make it possible to measure the audience of our website, to display personalized advertising on third-party sites based on your profile, to track your location, to carry out targeted marketing campaigns and to personalize the content of our website depending on your usage. Through these technologies, we will collect information such as your interaction with our website, your preferences and your browsing habits.
If you are happy for technologies to be used for these purposes, click on "Accept All" to accept all of the technologies. Alternatively, you may click "Continue without accepting" to refuse all non-essential technologies. You can also make a choice by category by clicking "Configure". You can withdraw your consent and modify your choices at any time by clicking on the "Cookie Preferences" button located at the bottom of our website. Further information is also available in our
Cookie Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
.
Configure
Accept All