Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Allstar Games
>>
Privacy Policy
All-stargames.com absolutely respects and ensures the privacy of your information on the internet and your own personal privacy. To better help you understand how we collect, use, and protect the information you give to us, please read the following Privacy Policy.
1.
What information we collect and why we collect it
The data we collect:
•  When you use All-stargames’games, websites, applications and related services (“Service”), All-stargames will collect personal information from you, including your contact information (such as name and email address), player name and password, profile information (such as profile photo), your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support information) and other data you choose to provide us (such as data to identify a lost account).
•  We may collect some personal information from you automatically, including data about your account and game progress, your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI), data about your device (such as device name and operating system, browser type and language), data we collect with cookies and similar technologies, precise geo-location data and data about your use of the Service (such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service).
•  We may also collect some personal information from our partners, including Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, WeChat or Google), Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address), Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games), Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment), and Data for advertising and analytics purposes, to provide you a better service
Why we collect your data (for “Specific Purpose”)
We use the data to make the Service work, create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service, verify and confirm payments, provide and deliver products and services you request, develop and improve the Service and player experience, send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages, enable you to communicate with other players and track your account history, and show you personalized advertisements.
2.
Data Sharing
Apart from All-stargames, we will disclose necessary data to the following third parties solely for the Specific Purpose in accordance with Applicable Law (means all laws, rules, and regulations throughout the territory applicable to the Service, such as General Data Protection Regulations(EU)2016/679): other players and users, Partners working for All-stargames, and any other international data transfers.
All-stargames will adhere to this Privacy Policy when disclosing certain information to third parties mentioned above, except in the following situations：
1）Judicial requirements;
2）When you use All-stargames’ games, websites and related services (“Service”) is illegal. For public safety, this site will cooperate with the respective agent of law by providing them with whatever information they require.
3.
Your Rights and Options
•  Opt-out of marketing emails and targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of receiving promotional communications and targeted advertising, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
•  Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
4.
About Cookies
For better personal service, All-stargames may use cookies to save certain information and track data. This site uses cookies to track the number of visitors to the site, as well as their current web browser. This information is collected for market analysis purposes only. Cookies also serve as a third-party user: when ad agencies place ads on the site, the market analysis, information and other data they collect comes from cookies, and not directly from you.
5.
Links
If you follow links or ads on our site that link to other websites, please be sure that you are familiar with their own privacy policies; our privacy policy does not apply to any external sites.
6.
Protecting Yourself
Please keep your account and password private and do not give such information to anyone else. If you are using a shared device, log out and close all relevant windows and apps respectively to protect your personal information.
7.
Age Limits
If you are under the age of 16 years, please do not send any data about yourself to us without the prior consent of the holder of parental responsibility. In the event that you send any data to us, it shall be deemed that you have obtained the consent in accordance with the requirements mentioned above.
8.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
All-stargames reserves the right to change or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, as well as make any additions to it, which will be announced and made effective on the Home Page News section.
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the provisions of Applicable Law, if there is any discrepancy between this Privacy Policy and Applicable Law, the Applicable Law shall prevail.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this policy or if you need any help about this policy, please feel free to contact us.
Name of the controller: Kunlun Group Limited
Address: Room 1903,19/F,Lee Garden One,33 Hysan Avenue,Causeway Bay,Hong Kong
Customer Service: cs@koramgame.com
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Refund Policy
Copyright 2018-2019 GameArk, all rights reserved.