Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective
date: June 12, 2024
1.
WHO WE ARE AND WHY WE COLLECT YOUR
INFORMATION
Welcome to Tapps Games! We are an international
entertainment company specialized in the publishing of mobile games and
applications.
Tapps Games -
Jogos Eletrónicos, Unipessoal
Lda.
is headquartered in Porto - P
ortugal
,
Rua Dr. Sousa Viterbo, 93, 1
, and it is part of a global group of gaming companies with
offices and operations around the world (hereby named as “Tapps” or “Tapps
Games”).
When we say “Tapps” or “Tapps Games” (or similar things
like “we,” “our” or “us”), we refer to the “Tapps Games” entity or, when
applicable, entities that control or are responsible for your information (see “
Contact Us
”).
The purpose of our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to
provide you with all the important information and explanations about how and
why some of your data may be collected and processed by Tapps when you use one
of our applications or browse on websites, as well as ways we might use or
share it.
This Privacy Policy governs the relationship between you
and Tapps and describes the ways we, under and respecting the specific
regulation, collect, store, use, and manage your “data” or “information”.
Please note we are only describing our own practices –
this
Privacy Policy does not apply to third parties we do not own or control,
including other companies you might interact or have interacted with on or
through the Tapps services (see Section 1
6
).
When we say “Tapps services”, we mean any games,
applications, websites (including, but not limited to tappsgames.com) and
services
owned by Tapps,
regardless of how you
access or use them or engage with us, including through mobile devices. Your
use of the Tapps services is also subject to the
Terms of Service
in your region (including its provisions regarding
limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of governing
law). Please read this entire policy to make sure you understand it. You should
also read the
Terms of Service
carefully, and make sure you understand and agree to them
before using Tapps
'
services.
“Children” or “Child” means any
user under the age of 13.
“Personal Information” means any
information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or
indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an
identification number, location data, or an online identifier.
Tapps Games is committed to protecting the confidentiality,
integrity, and secure of our users’ personal information. The principles and
rules on the protection of individuals regarding the processing of their
personal data should respect, regardless of their nationality or place of
residence, their fundamental rights and freedoms, including the right to the
protection of personal data.
If you do not understand any item of this Privacy Policy,
we are at your full disposal for any questions you may
c
ontact us
.
2.
WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This
Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personal information and / or personal
data, including but not limited to that information subject to the laws as
defined by the (
1
) California Online
Privacy Protection Act (the “CalOPPA); (
2
)
California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”); and (
3
) personal data, as defined by the European Union General Data
Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). This policy does not apply to the practices
of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ
or manage.
Tapps undertakes to provide the necessary treatment of
personal information/data in compliance with the specific local laws of access
of its users, but is not responsible, under any circumstances, for the legal
treatment of information/data belonging to users who are located in
jurisdictions which do not offer a legislation for the legal treatment of
personal information/data.
3.
WHY DOES TAPPS COLLECT INFORMATION FROM
ITS APPS AND GAMES?
When you install and use Tapps mobile applications, we
may
collect and process some of your data for different
legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reason
why
Tapps may collect data:
●
To provide you with
the Tapps services.
●
To operate, improve
and optimize the Services and your experiences.
●
To provide technical
support and respond to your inquiries.
●
To prevent fraud or
potentially illegal activities, for privacy compliance purposes and to enforce
our Terms of Service.
●
To serve advertising
tailored to the preference and interests of our users.
●
To notify players of
in-game updates, new products or promotional offers.
●
To administer rewards,
surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities or events
sponsored or managed by us or by our business partners.
●
To comply with our
legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other users and
to enforce our agreements with third parties.
●
To run analytics and user
research to understand how users interact with our product and services in
order to continuously improve it either directly or through third partners.
That being said, we collect information as follows:
3.1.
TECHNICAL INFORMATION AND DATA ABOUT YOU
THAT WE CAN COLLECT
The possible use of your Information by Tapps and its
Partners (defined below) is only under your prior consent and is regulated
under the terms of this Privacy Policy, as further described below.
For all the purposes listed above, the information that
Tapps can collect
is limited to:
●
Install – collection
is triggered when user installs one of our apps
●
In game – collection
is triggered by the behavior of the user in the games, such as a level
completion,
purchase
(like when you buy coins,
diamonds, lives),
etc.
●
Your IP address
●
Your Mobile
Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google GAID - which are technical identifiers
developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain
under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your
device settings) – collection is triggered when the user opens the app
●
Technical information
about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection,
timestamp)
●
Data pertaining to
your activities on our applications and notably the way in which you interact
with our applications (for instance, how and when you use our applications) and
with the advertising served in our applications (for instance, number of ads served,
potential clicks)
●
Your
billing address and other details we collect to help process purchases you make
●
Your preferences,
interests, and general demographic info (such as your hobbies, favorite games,
or other information you share, like when you respond a survey
3.2.
WITH WHO MAY YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED
AND WHY?
Tapps does not share your personal information with third
parties without your prior consent in the countries where collecting users´
consent may be required by applicable laws and regulations.
When you give your consent to the collection of data for
advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above
with the
following categories of recipients (collectively “Partners”):
●
Ad networks (“Ad
Networks”);
●
Advertisers
(“Advertisers”);
●
Analytics companies
(“Analytics Providers”),
●
Payment processors
(“Payment Processors”), and
●
Platform providers (“Platform Providers”).
The Information that can be collected by third parties may
include the following technical information:
●
type and number
version of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.),
●
type of browser (e.g.
Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.),
●
screen resolution
(e.g. 800×600, 1024×768,
etc.),
●
language (e.g.
English),
●
device type (e.g.
Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.) and
●
general geo-location.
In addition, our partners may also collect the
following
information:
●
Device identifiers,
such as your IP address,
Id for Advertisement
(IDFA),
Google
Advertising
ID
(GAID)
;
●
About your use and
download of applications;
●
About the offered,
viewed, or clicked ads such as the type of ad where the ad was offered, whether
you clicked on it,
and whether you visited the advertiser's website.
The above information is intended to provide
transparency to Tapps’ users, but Tapps emphasizes that it is not responsible
for information collected by third parties outside of its control.
3.2.1.
Information About You that We May Share to
Third-Parties
We may share your Information with Partners or allow them
to collect your Information from our Services for the purposes described
herein, a data subject is, nevertheless, entitled to object to the processing
of any personal data relating to his or her particular situation.:
(i)
Only by your previous
consent, we may share your Information with our Partners, which are described
above, for their own activities purposes and subject to their separate privacy
(
for the first time you access the game
you have an option to choose whether or not accept it and after your choice,
you can change it through game settings at any time
). If you have any
doubt, please contact us at data-controller[at]tappsgames.com. If you no longer
wish to receive communications from any of our Partners, please contact the
Partner directly.
(ii)
Tapps may engage
Partners to perform services on our behalf, like processing payments, analyzing
data, optimizing game play, delivering e-mails, hosting services and helping us
in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering advertisements. Such
Partners may have access to your Information in connection with the performance
of these services.
(iii)
We
reserve the right to disclose your
information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law,
legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental
authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose
information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security,
law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary
or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that
disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to
protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of
a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information
(including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant
third-party.
Our websites are a service from WordPress, which may use
cookies and usage data to perform analysis.
We also use web services
such as Firebase to store usernames and password. To check how WordPress
and Firebase work and their privacy policies, see Section 1
6
.
If you have any questions about how Partners use your
Information or for how long they keep it, please refer to their privacy
policies listed in Section 1
6
.
3.2.2.
“Do Not Sell My
Personal Information” Rights
If you are a California resident, California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) may permit you to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal
information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA). CCPA
recognizes certain exceptions to the definition of “sale”, such that not all
transfers of personal information are “sales”. For example, transferring
personal information to a “service provider” under the law is not a sale.
You have an option to opt out of the sale of your personal
information and data for the purposes of interest-based advertising (IBA) at
all times. When you opt out, you will not stop receiving ads, they just will
not be based on topics you like, your interest, behaviour, demographics, etc.
You can opt out by choosing one of the following options:
i)
Via “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone
Turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device
or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on your Android device.
ii)
Via our Apps
If you would like to opt out of the sale of
your personal information, choose “Disagree” within the privacy settings of our
Apps (where available).
4.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY
THIRD PARTIES
4.1.
Ad Networks
Tapps publishes advertising on the Services so that we can
continue to offer many of the Services for free. Such advertisements are provided
by Ad Networks, which are carefully selected to preserve compliance with the
applicable privacy laws as well as such information are clear to all users in
an accessible format that you can decide not to consent, or change your mind
later by activating our specific toll for that purpose.
Nevertheless, we have the necessary tools to formalize your
choice, if you decide not to consent anymore, or change your decision later if
you have already consented. Please note that Ad Networks may collect and use
your Information, such as:
●
performance data (like
the number of clicks on an advertisement);
●
General
geo-location
information;
●
and other contextual
data about your game play (e.g., your session activity);
●
Device identifiers,
such as your IP address,
Id for Advertisement
(IDFA),
Google
Advertising
ID;
●
Information
about your device, such as the type, model, manufacturer, operating system
(eg., iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (eg., Chrome, Safari) and
screen size;
●
Information about your
use and downloads of our applications;
●
Information about the
offered, viewed, or clicked ads such as the type of ad where the ad was
offered, whether you clicked on it,
and whether you visited the
advertiser's website.
The above information is intended to provide
transparency to Tapps’ users, but Tapps emphasizes that it is not responsible
for information collected by third parties outside of its control.
The Information collected may be used for the following
purposes:
●
measure how effective
advertisements are and/or;
●
undertake web analytics
(which are used to analyze traffic and other user activity to improve your
experience).
Ad Networks may collect this Information through the use of
tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a
single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time.
Such practices are subject to those Ad Networks’ policies which we recommend
you review before interacting with them.
Please note that after clicking on an advertisement you may
be redirected to a website that is not hosted by Tapps.
Moreover, we may, at our discretion, advertise other Tapps
Services within our Applications. Such advertisements are not directed towards
specific users but are rather broadly posted on random Tapps Applications.
In addition, you may see our Services advertised in other
games, applications, websites and places. After clicking on one of these
advertisements and installing or accessing the Services, you will become a user
of our Services. In order to verify the installation of the Application, a
Persistent Identifier may be shared with the third party who published our
advertisement.
4.2.
Mobile Analytics
Tapps allows Analytics Providers to use and collect users’
Information, such as and not limited to your Non Persistent Identifier, locale
(specific location where a given language is spoken), general geo-location
information, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type, operating
system, the links and advertisements on our Services that You clicked on, the
amount of time You interact with the Services, the events that occur within the
Services, performance data and other statistics.
We display this Information to Analytics Providers in order
to improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and
functionalities and tailoring them to our users’ needs and preferences. We also
use the Persistent Identifier to generate and aggregate non-identifying
information about how our Services are used. We do not link the information we
store within the analytics software to any identifying Information you submit
within the Services.
If you want (or not) your Information to be collected by
Analytics Providers, we offer an opt-in and opt-out options in our game’s
settings.
Please refer to our list of Analytics Providers for more
information on how to opt out in Section 1
6
.
4.3.
Social Media Features and Game Center
Features
Our
Websites include social media features (“Social Features”),
such as the Facebook “like button.” These Social Features may collect your IP
address and which page you are visiting; they may also set a cookie to enable
the Social Feature to function properly. Social Features are hosted by a third
party or hosted directly on the Websites.
Your interactions with these Social Features are governed
by the privacy policy of the respective company providing them. Links to these
privacy policies are provided in Section 1
6
.
Our Applications may enable certain game center features
(“Game Center Features”) and may include Social Features as well. The Game
Center Features and the Social Features are operated or
allow
for social integration with certain third-party social networks (“Social
Networks”),
e.g.
, Facebook Connect or
other third-party platforms (“Social Platforms”)
and
may have access to the fallowing information: (i) basic information from public
profile, such as name, surname, profile Picture, age, range, gender, and other
public information; (ii) email address, login ID and/or player identifier
string; (iii) list of friends; (iv) any other information which is detailed and
displayed to you in the notice which appears during the “Log in with” or
“Connect to” process.
These Social Networks and Social Platforms are created and
maintained by third parties (“Social Partners”) who are not affiliated with
and/or controlled by Tapps.
If you enable integration with such Social Networks and
Social Platforms, your use of the Game Center Features and/or the Social
Features is subject to the applicable Social Partners’ terms of use and privacy
policies (collectively, “Social Terms”), for example:
●
Apple Game Center
(terms are available at
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
);
●
Google Play Games
(terms are available at
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
);
●
Amazon GameCircle
(terms are available at:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
)
;
●
Huawei App Store
(terms are available at
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
)
You should ensure that you have read the Social Terms in
order to comprehend how they treat your information and to understand the
methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on the Social Networks and
Social Platforms.
If you do not agree to the practices described in the
Social Terms, you should not allow the Applications to interact with such
Social Networks or Social Platforms. However, you may find that you are not
able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by the Applications.
You understand that where you allow interaction with any
Social Network or Social Platform, we may share data about you with your
contacts which are considered as the user that already has on the applicable
social network or social platform (“Contacts”), and vice versa, so that you may
enjoy Game Features and Social Features. This data may include, without
limitation, your scores and/or progress in our Applications, your name, your
social media profile picture, descriptions of your service activity and any test
that you may upload. Your Contacts will also be able to send you requests
through the related Social Network or Social Platform.
The use of Social Features or Game Features enables the
sharing of information with your Contacts or the public, depending on the
settings you establish with the Social Partner that provides such features. You
hereby understand and agree that when you share content via Social Networks or
Social Platforms your content may become public and any person may re-post-it.
Your interactions with these Social Features or Game Features are governed by
the privacy policy of the company providing them.
4.4.
Tracking Technologies
When you use our Applications, Tapps or its Partners
operating the advertisement serving technology may use information logged from
your device using SDKs, cookies, and other tracking technologies to ensure that
appropriate advertising is presented within our Applications and to calculate
the number of unique and repeat views of advertising.
It is important to mention that you can choose in advance
and at your own discretion whether or not you wish to make your personal data
available in the game and that your decision is not only respected by Tapps but
also is passed on to our Partners.
Such Partners’ technologies (“Partners’ Tech”) may be
stored on your device by Partners, rather than by Tapps.
Partners’ Tech usually store non-identifying Information
such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools by Partners. Tapps
does not have access or control over its Partners. In order to understand the
functioning of Partners cookies or related technologies used in our Services, please
visit the links in Section 1
6
.
4.4.1.
Opting Out of Tracking Technologies
You are always free to opt out via “Do Not Track Settings”
in your mobile phone and all providers of advertising services are bound to
comply with such “Do Not Track” setting, but we cannot provide any guarantees
on their behalf.
It is easy to prohibit Partners’ Techs. Most browsers and
platforms will allow you to erase Partners’ Cookies from your device’s hard
drive, block acceptance of cookies, limit the type of cookies you allow or
receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, be aware that if you
block or erase Partners’ Cookies, your online experience may be limited,
because Partners Cookies are necessary to track and enhance your Services
activities.
5.
IN-APP PURCHASES
Although Tapps’ applications are free, they include in-app
purchases (“App Purchases”), but we do not collect personal’s payment
information or process payments through in-app purchases.
All App Purchases are made through our Partners’ stores
(“Stores”). Therefore, in order to make an App Purchase, you will need to
access your Store account (“Store Account”), which may require entering the
Store password (“Store Password”). You hereby agree and acknowledge that you
are responsible for maintaining the security of your Store Password.
You should be aware that some Stores may allow for a short
window after the downloading of an Application, during which App Purchases may
be made without inserting your Store Password.
Regarding your privacy and in order to prevent accidental
or unwanted purchases, you can create a specific password/PIN to prevent it
from happening at
Apple
,
Google Play
,
Amazon
and
Huawei
.
Please note that purchases of Stores’ credits or currencies
may also be subject to their own policies and Tapps
is
not responsible.
6.
PURCHASE OF MERCHANDISE
Some of our Services may contain links that will redirect
you to a third-party website where they may purchase certain merchandise
(“Merchandise”) which are offered for sale or otherwise distributed by
third-party vendors (“Vendors”).
The Vendors are responsible for the Merchandise and the
Merchandise operations. The Vendors may collect information from users who wish
to purchase Merchandise, which is required in order to enable the purchase transaction
(
e.g.
, the User's address in order to
deliver them the Merchandise, the User's payment information in order to enable
the billing and the processing of payment via various payment methods, etc.).
Tapps will not collect, use or have any access to this
information collected by Vendors. Such Information will be collected,
maintained, shared, transferred and/or used in accordance with the applicable
Vendor’s privacy policy and terms of use (“Vendors’ Terms”).
7.
PUSH
NOTIFICATIONS
With your consent, we may send push notifications in order
to inform you about our products and services, to communicate you of
Application updates and to reengage you in use of the Application.
Local
notifications are local to your device, contextual and sent in-app only and not
from a server or in conjunction with other User information.
By clicking on the “Allow” button, you accept local
notifications, but you may disable these messages at any time by turning off
the notifications from the “Options” or “Settings” page within the Application.
“Push notification
are sent from the server and are never sent to users who identified themselves
as under 13 (for residents in the EEA) and 16 (for residents in California). We
use such notifications to remind you about your activities within the App. You
will receive push notifications only
if
you
are subscribed to such notifications in the App.
You can accept local notifications, but you may disable
these messages at any time by turning off the notifications from the “Options”
or “Settings” page within the Application.
We collect push
notifications tokens for us to be able to determine whether you are subscribed
to push notifications. When you decide to unsubscribe from push notifications,
such push notification tokens will be deleted from our database.”
For the
restriction on the usage of information please see ‘Children´s Privacy Section
of this Privacy Policy.
8.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We implement appropriate
security measures to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of the
collected information both online and offline, and to prevent unauthorized
access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the
information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is
not available to the public, please be aware that no security measures are
perfect or impenetrable.
Furthermore, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and
security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security
measures will prevent third-party “hackers" from illegally obtaining
access to this information.
We do not warrant or represent that your information will
be protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Subjected to the
applicable local law,
Tapps will not be liable for any harm or damage suffered by
you due to any loss, misuse or alteration of your information by third parties´
breach.
8.1.
International Transfe
r
We operate globally, so we need to
transfer your personal information to our affiliated entities and/or to other
third party service providers across boarder and from your country to other
countries around the world. Please note, that not all these countries have the
same data protection laws as your own country,
but
we will always take appropriate steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal
information.
9.
STORING OF INFORMATION
The security of your information is
important to us. We have measures in place to protect it against loss, misuse,
or tampering. However, no security measures are 100% effective, so we cannot
guarantee against these risks.
We store your information for as long as
your account is active or as
needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but
only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information
as soon as we do not need the for providing our services unless a longer
retention period is required or permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different depending on the territory of
collecting the information and the applicable legislation, but we always strive
to store the information only if it is needed for the purposes of providing,
improving or personalizing our services. As a rule, your information will be
stored in the form anonymized data. However, there may be exceptions to this
practice depending on the type of services that was contracted.
Even so, if you wish to cancel your account or request that
we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
and refer to
Sections 11 and 12 below.
If you want to know for how long our Partners keep your
Information, please refer to their privacy policies, available in Section 1
6
.
9.1.
Data Retention
Tapps
will keep the Personal Data of users only for the time
necessary to comply with the purposes to which they are collected, including
for the purposes of observance of any legal obligations (such as the safeguard
of access logs to the application for 6 months, according to the Internet Civil
Framework), contractual obligations, obligations to render account, or request
by competent authorities.
In order to determine the proper
retention period of the Personal Data,
Tapps
takes into account the quantity, nature, and sensitivity of
such Data, the potential risk of damages resulting from the unauthorized use or
disclosure of Personal Data, the purpose of processing, and if the respective
purpose may be achieved by other means, as well as the legal requirements
applicable.
Nonetheless, if you
play a Tapps game
, the
information of your account will be maintained as long as you keep this account
active. Your account and the information related to it will be
anonymized
if you do not
login for
90 days
. You
may also request the exclusion of your Data and/or your account, case in which
Tapps
will keep the Data for
fifteen (15) days from the request of exclusion.
You
can exercise this right at any time by sending your deletion request regarding
your personal information to
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
It is worthwhile noting that
Tapps
may retain the Personal
Data for a period longer than the indicated above to meet any legal obligations
eventually applicable, under the terms set forth by the pertinent legislation,
such as the consumer defense and tax rules.
Tapps
may retain users’ account data internally for the following
purposes:
● Billing information and
transaction histories are retained to resolve subsequent billing disputes and
inquiries;
● Publicly shared content and
virtual items are retained for use by the community (e.g., a user-created
virtual shirt sold to another user is kept in the system because the recipient
now “owns” a copy of that item);
● User account history is retained
to support subsequent customer service inquiries and to provide, improve and
develop the Service;
● To promote safety and security on
the Service; and
● To resolve disputes, establish
legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce
our agreements, and comply with our legal obligations. We may retain your
information for as long as is necessary for the purposes identified above,
which may include retaining your information beyond the end of your use of the
Service.
10.
CHILDREN´S
PRIVACY
Our Policy concerning children is established separately,
in accordance with the laws governing the subject and are available in our
website.
For Children´s Privacy in the European Economic Area (EEA)
click here
.
For Children´s Privacy in the US, State of California,
click here
.
We do
not directly collect and store any information from children. Some information
may nonetheless be collected through and maintained by Tapps’s third-party
providers of certain products or services, such as Ad Networks, Analytics
Providers, etc. You, as a parent or legal guardian, can find a full list of
such third-party providers in Section 1
6
below.
11.
RESIDENTS
IN CALIFORNIA - PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have certain rights in connection with your personal
information and how we handle it, i.e., you have a right to access personal
information we hold about you, to request the deletion of your personal
information, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, and right to
portability of personal information. Some of these rights may be subject to
some exceptions or limitations. You can exercise these rights at any time by
sending your requests regarding your personal information to
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
Users who are resident in California have the following
rights:
●
Right of access
: you
have the right to know what information we have collected about you and in some
cases to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this
right, please contact us by letting us know that you wish to exercise your
right of access and what information you would like to receive. We reserve the
right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide
you with any information. In that case, we will explain to you why we are not
allowed to provide you with all the information you asked for. We will try our
best to respond any request for a right of access as soon as possible, but we
will always do so within 45 days of receipt of your request and verification of
your identity. For Privacy enquiries you may contact us at data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
●
Right to deletion
: You
have the right to request deletion of the personal information that we hold
about you. Should you wish to do that, please contact us via
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
We reserve the right to ask to provide us additional information to verify your
identity before we can start processing your request. Once we receive all
information we need in order to be able to identify you, we will delete your
personal information you requested us as soon as possible, but we will always
do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification of your
identity. Please note that we may still retain part or all of that info, for
instance for complying with our legal obligations and protecting or enforcing
legal rights. We may also retain your info in an anonymized form.
●
Right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information
: in some cases, you may have the right to request a
restriction of the processing of your personal information. You are always free
to opt out from the future collection of your personal information by Tapps and
its Partners by choosing one of the options, described in “Do Not Sell My
Personal Information” (Section 3.2.2 above).
●
Data portability
: In case to be possible to do a data portability, you have
the right to request that we provide you with the personal information which
you have provided to us, so you can transfer this information to another
business. Should you wish to do so, please contact us at data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
We decline to process requests that are unreasonably
repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy
of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise
required by local law.
California´s “Shine the Light” permits customers in
California to request certain details about how certain types of their
information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for
those third parties´ affiliates´ own direct marketing purposes. Under the law,
we will provide California customers certain information upon request (“Right
to access”) or permit California customers to opt out of, this type of sharing
(“Right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information” – see Section 3.2.2.).
If you are a California resident and wish to obtain
information about our compliance with this law, please contact us at
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
with "Request for California Privacy
Information" as the subject line and in the body of your message. Please
be aware that not all information sharing is covered by requirements and only
information on covered sharing will be included in our response. Please also
note that under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a
customer request once during any calendar year.
12.
RESIDENTS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
(EEA) - PRIVACY RIGHTS
12.1.
Privacy Rights under EEA Data Protection Law
You have certain rights in connection with your personal
information and how we handle it, i.e., you have a right to obtain information
about you, to access personal information we hold about you, to obtain
correction, update, amendment or deletion of your personal information and to
turn to supervisory authority. Some of these rights may be subject to some
exceptions or limitations. You can exercise these rights at any time by sending
your requests regarding your personal information to
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
Users who are resident in the EEA have the following
rights
:
●
Right of access
: you
have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to
have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right,
please contact us by letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of
access and what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve
the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we
provide you with the information. Please not that we may not be able to provide
all the information you ask for, for example if it includes personal
information about another person. In that case, we will explain to you why we
are not allowed to provide you with all the information you asked for. We will
try our best to respond your request within 1 month of receipt and verification
of your identity.
●
Right to object
: you
have the right to object to the processing of your personal information that is
processed on the grounds of legitimate interests. You are always free to opt
out from the future collection of your personal information by us and our
Partners by uninstalling all the Apps from each of your computing devices.
●
Right to correct personal information
: we try to keep the information we hold as accurate and up
to date as possible. Should you realize that any of that information about you
is incorrect, please contact us via data-controller[at]tappsgames.com and we
will correct is as soon as we can.
●
Data deletion
: You
have the right to request deletion of the personal information that we hold
about you. Should you wish to do that, please contact us via data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
We reserve the right to ask to provide us additional information to verify your
identity before we can start processing your request. Once we receive all
information we need in order to be able to identify you, we will delete your
personal information you requested us as soon as possible, but we will always
do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification of your
identity. Please note that we may still retain part or all of that info, for
instance for complying with our legal obligations and protecting or enforcing
legal rights. We may also retain your info in an anonymized form. In some
instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such
as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached on
other players´ devices and we may be not able to remove or update that data from
those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a Wi-Fi network.
●
Data portability
: In
case to be possible, you have the right to request that we provide you with the
personal information which you have provided to us, so you can transfer this
information to another data controller. Should you wish to do that, please
contact us via data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
●
Restriction of processing
: in some circumstances, you may have the right to request a restriction
of the processing of your personal data by us.
●
Right to file a complaint
: you have the right to file a complaint with the competent data
protection authority in the EU member state in which you reside, in the event
you still have unresolved concerns about the processing of your Personal
Information.
12.2.
Legal Bases under EEA data protection law
Tapps highlights that, in each
case where we process your information, we do so lawfully in accordance with
one of the
legal bases
set out under
EEA data protection law.
The
legal bases that we rely upon are the following:
●
Contractual Necessity.
This covers information that is
processed by us in order to provide you with service that you have requested -
and that we have agreed - to provide to you, that is to deliver and improve our
services, to provide customer support, to deliver special features in our Apps
(such as in-app chat feature, multi-player feature, leader boards and other
third party social network features), to deliver content of the in-app purchase
you make.
●
Legitimate Interests.
This covers information that is
processed by us for the purposes that can be reasonably expected within the
context of your use of our services to pursue our legitimate interests in order
to ensure you have the best experience when playing our apps, to make sure your
information is secure and to provide to you our Apps free of charge or at a low
cost. We pay special attention to your data protection rights making sure that
your data protection rights are not overridden by our legitimate interests. We
rely on our legitimate interests for data processing for analytics, tracking
and fraud prevention, push-notifications, cross-promotion, and contextual
advertising purposes.
●
Consent.
Where we ask for your consent to
use your data for a particular purpose, we will make this clear at the point of
collection and we will also make clear how you can withdraw your consent. We
will ask for you consent before sharing any information with our advertising
partners for the purposes of interest-based advertising and before conducting
any surveys.
●
Legal Obligation.
This covers information that is
processed by us to comply with a legal obligation, for instance is to maintain
records for tax purposes.
You can exercise your rights anytime by contacting us using
at: data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
13.
ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION FOR USERS IN BRAZIL
If you live in Brazil, you may have
additional "rights" when it comes to your personal information. You
can ask us to:
Tell you what information we have
about you and what we do with it;
Fix your personal information if
it's wrong;
Delete your information.
If you want to understand more it
might be useful to ask your parent or guardian to explain this section to you.
Your parent or guardian can refer to the detailed version of this Policy.
If you have reason to, you can
complain about how we are using your information by emailing us at
data-controller[at]tappsgames.com
. You can also
complain to the National Data Protection Authority of Brazil at anpd
[at]
anpd.gov.br.
1
4
.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Tapps will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as
necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to
legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy
will govern our use of your information and will be available at:
http://pp.tappsgames.com/?app=default
If at any point
you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of our Privacy
Policy, the Terms of Service, or any other Tapps policy, rules or codes
of conduct (“Supplemental Policies”), you have an option
to stop using Tapps Services. In case you disagree with Tapps Services, you can
click on “privacy settings” and to choose disable our Services. This option
permit you continue playing our games normally.
1
5
.
CONTACT U
S
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding
our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to data-controller[at]tappsgames.com.
Tapps Games - Jogos
Eletrónicos
, Unipessoal
Lda
Rua Dr. Sousa Viterbo, 93, 1
Porto 4050-593
Portugal
1
6
.
PARTNERS PRIVACY POLICY
Advertising Partners
Admob
Applovin
Chartboost
Digital Turbine
IronSource
Meta
     Audience Network
Mintegral
Tapjoy
Unity Ads
Vungle
Analytics
Partners
Singular
Firebase by Google
Crashlytics
Facebook Analytics
Meta for Developers
YouTube
Suppliers
AWS
Azure
Google Cloud Platform
Linode
Playfab
Typerform
Wordpress
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/:
We use cookies to improve our site and your experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy.
Find out more
HUAWEI Privacy
Overview
Built-in Security
Privacy Control
Professional Certifications
Privacy Statement
Huawei Consumer Business Privacy Statement
How Huawei
                                                                Collects and Uses Your Personal Data
How Huawei
                                                                Uses Cookies and Similar Technologies
How Huawei
                                                                Entrusts, Shares, Transfers, and Discloses Your Personal
                                                                Data
How Huawei
                                                                Protects Your Personal Data
How You
                                                                Can Manage Your Personal Data
How Huawei
                                                                Processes the Personal Data of Minors
Links to
                                                                Third-Party Websites, Products, and Services
How Your
                                                                Personal Data Is Transferred Globally
Updates to
                                                                This Statement
How to
                                                                Contact Us
Huawei Device Co., Ltd. and its global affiliates
                                                                    (collectively, "Huawei", "we", "us", or "our")
                                                                    respect your privacy. We hereby develop this Privacy
                                                                    Statement (referred to as "this Statement") to help
                                                                    you understand how we collect, use, disclose,
                                                                    protect, store, and transmit your personal data.
                                                                    Please take a moment to read this Statement
                                                                    carefully and
contact
                                                                        us
if you have any questions.
This Statement applies to Huawei products and
                                                                    services that display or mention this Statement,
                                                                    including feature phones, smartphones,
                                                                    laptops/tablets, Huawei Vision, wearable devices,
                                                                    mobile broadband devices, home routers, smart
                                                                    household appliances, accessories, PC apps, mobile
                                                                    Internet apps (referred to as "apps"), software,
                                                                    toolkits, websites, and services.
Besides this Statement, we recommend that you
                                                                    carefully read Huawei's privacy statement or
                                                                    supplementary notice (referred to as the "Product
                                                                    Privacy Notice") specific to the product or service
                                                                    to be used.
The Product Privacy Notice is an
                                                                        important part of this Statement. It provides
                                                                        basic information, such as how each product or
                                                                        service processes your personal data, how to
                                                                        exercise your data subject rights, who are data
                                                                        controllers, and how to contact the controllers.
                                                                        The Product Privacy Notice shall prevail in the
                                                                        event of any conflict with this Statement. For
                                                                        other parts, this Statement shall prevail.
How Huawei Collects and Uses Your Personal Data
1. How Huawei Collects Your Personal
                                                                            Data
Personal information refers to any type of information recorded electronically or otherwise relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding information that has been anonymized. We may collect your personal data when you use our products or services or interact with us. Different types of data will be collected, depending on the service you use and your interactions with us. In some cases, you can choose not to provide such data, but this may prevent us from providing you with corresponding products or services, or may mean that we cannot respond to or resolve any issues you have raised.
When providing you with related products or services, we may also collect and summarize statistics, such as website visits, app downloads, and product sales volume, to understand how our products and services are used. For the purposes of this Statement, the preceding statistics are regarded as non-personal data. We will try our best to isolate your personal data from non-personal data and use them separately. The personal data mixed with non-personal data will still be treated as personal data.
We will collect and use your personal data only for the purposes described in this Statement and Product Privacy Notice. The following are some examples of personal data we may collect:
(1) Personal data that you provide to
                                                                            Huawei
You need to register a HUAWEI ID to enjoy certain
                                                                        functions or services. When you register a
                                                                        HUAWEI ID or log in to your HUAWEI ID to shop
                                                                        online, download software, or purchase services,
                                                                        we may ask you to provide relevant personal
                                                                        data, such as your name, email address, mobile
                                                                        number, order information, shipping address, and
                                                                        payment method.
Some Huawei products allow you to communicate and
                                                                        share information with others. When you use a
                                                                        Huawei product to share contents with your
                                                                        family and friends, you may need to create an
                                                                        open HUAWEI ID profile, which includes your
                                                                        nickname and avatar. We may also collect
                                                                        information about your family and friends, such
                                                                        as their names, email addresses, and phone
                                                                        numbers. We will take appropriate and necessary
                                                                        measures to ensure their communications
                                                                        security.
In order to meet the requirements of certain
                                                                        jurisdictions for real-name account
                                                                        registration, game addiction prevention systems,
                                                                        and Internet payment as well as other
                                                                        requirements, we may ask you to provide identity
                                                                        proofs issued by local governments, or relevant
                                                                        card information that can authenticate your
                                                                        identity.
(2) Information that Huawei collects when you
                                                                            use services
When you use our products and services, we will
                                                                        collect your device information and how you and
                                                                        your device interact with our products and
                                                                        services. Such information includes:
a. Device and app information, such as the device
                                                                        name, device identifier, device activation time,
                                                                        hardware model, operating system version, app
                                                                        version, software identifier, and device and app
                                                                        settings (such as region, language, time zone,
                                                                        and font size).
b. Mobile network information, such as the public
                                                                        land mobile network (PLMN) provider ID,
                                                                        geographical location (cell ID of the area where
                                                                        the device is located), and Internet protocol
                                                                        (IP) address.
c. Log information. When you use Huawei services
                                                                        or view Huawei-provided content, we will
                                                                        automatically collect and log some information,
                                                                        such as the time of access, access count, IP
                                                                        address, and event information (such as errors,
                                                                        crashes, restarts, and updates).
d. Location information. When you access certain location-based services (such as perform searches, use navigation software, or view the weather for a specific location), we will collect, use, and process the approximate or precise location of your device. Such information may be obtained through the GPS, WLAN, or service provider network ID. We will ask you to select the apps for which you want to enable location services. You can refuse to share your location by disabling the corresponding permission in your device settings.
e. Information stored in the cloud. For example, the information you upload to the cloud will be stored on our servers for rapid access and sharing between devices. No one has access to such information without your permission.
(3) Information from third-party sources
When permitted by local laws, we may also obtain
                                                                        other information about you, your device, or
                                                                        service usage from public or legitimate
                                                                        commercial sources. For example, we obtain your
                                                                        information from the third party when you log in
                                                                        to our website through a third-party social
                                                                        media account, or when your contact information
                                                                        is uploaded by others who use our communication
                                                                        services.
2. How Huawei Uses Your Personal Data
We use your personal data only on a legal basis. According to applicable local laws, we may use your personal data for the following purposes under one of the legal bases: your consent; necessary to perform/enter into a contract between you and Huawei; necessary to protect the legitimate interests of you or others; necessary to fulfill legal obligations; and necessary to protect the legitimate interests of enterprises:
(1) Register and activate our products or
                                                                        services that you have purchased;
(2) Register your HUAWEI ID so that you can enjoy
                                                                        a wider range of functions;
(3) Deliver, activate, or verify the products and
                                                                        services you have requested, or perform changes
                                                                        and provide technical support and after-sales
                                                                        services for such offerings at your request;
(4) Notify you of operating system or app updates
                                                                        and installations;
(5) Provide individualized user experience and
                                                                        content;
(6) After obtaining your consent or receiving
                                                                        your request, send you information about
                                                                        products and services you might be interested
                                                                        in, invite you to our promotional activities and
                                                                        market surveys, or send marketing information to
                                                                        you;
(7) Carry out internal audit, data analysis, and research; analyze business operation efficiency and measure market shares; and improve our products and services;
(8) Troubleshoot problems after you send error
                                                                        details to us;
(9) Synchronize and store the data you have uploaded or downloaded, as well as the data needed for upload and download operations;
(10) Improve our loss prevention and anti-fraud
                                                                        programs;
(11) Comply with applicable local laws/regulations, for example, fulfill e-commerce platform management obligations, or comply with legal government requirements;
(12) Other purposes described in the Product Privacy Notice.
How Huawei Uses Cookies and Similar Technologies
We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and
                                                                        other local storage technologies on its
                                                                        websites, mobile apps, online services, emails,
                                                                        and advertisements. The information collected
                                                                        through cookies and similar technologies is
                                                                        regarded as non-personal data. However, if local
                                                                        laws treat IP addresses or similar identifiers
                                                                        as personal data, we will also treat them as
                                                                        personal data. In some cases, we mix the
                                                                        non-personal data collected by using these
                                                                        technologies with the personal data we hold. For
                                                                        the purposes of this Statement, we will regard
                                                                        the mixed data as personal data.
A cookie is a text file created by a web server and stored on a computer or mobile device. The content of a cookie can only be retrieved or read by the server that created the cookie. Cookies are unique to the browser or mobile application you are using. They usually contain identifiers, site names, numbers, and characters.
Cookies are sometimes stored on computers or mobile devices to improve user experience, including:
(1) Necessary cookies:
•Login and verification. When you use your HUAWEI ID to log in to a website, cookies can help you navigate from page to page, without having to re-log in on each page.
•Storage of your preferences and settings. Websites can use cookies to save personal settings, such as the language, font size, shopping cart, and other browsing preferences on your computers or mobile devices.
(2) Analysis cookies: Statistical analysis. With
                                                                        cookies, we can collect information about your
                                                                        use of our websites and other apps, including
                                                                        recording a single visit (using a session
                                                                        cookie) or multiple visits (using a persistent
                                                                        cookie).
(3) Advertisement cookies: Interest-based
                                                                        advertisement. With cookies, we can collect
                                                                        information about your online activities,
                                                                        discover your interests, and deliver highly
                                                                        relevant advertisements to you.
You can manage or delete cookies based on your own preferences. You can clear all cookies stored on your computer, and most web browsers provide the option to block cookies. For details about how to change the browser settings, contact the browser provider.
If you clear cookies, you will need to change
                                                                        your settings every time you visit our websites.
                                                                        Please note that some of our services may
                                                                        require the use of cookies. In this case,
                                                                        disabling cookies may affect all or part of the
                                                                        services provided.
In addition to cookies, we may also use other
                                                                        similar technologies on our websites, such as
                                                                        web beacons and pixel tags. A web beacon is
                                                                        typically an electronic image embedded into a
                                                                        website or email to identify your device cookies
                                                                        when you access the website or email. Pixel tags
                                                                        enable us to send emails in a way that is
                                                                        readable to you and find out whether an email
                                                                        has been opened.
We and our third-party partners use such technologies for a variety of purposes, including analyzing service usage (in conjunction with cookies) and providing more satisfactory content and advertisements to you. For example, an email sent to you by us may contain a click-through URL which links to our website. If you click the URL, we will track your visit to help us understand your preferences for products and services and improve customer services.
Many web browsers provide the Do Not Track feature that can send Do Not Track requests to websites. Major Internet standardization organizations have not established policies to specify how websites should deal with these requests.
Currently, we do not allow you to change the cookie processing ways based on the Do Not Track settings or other similar features you have selected.
How Huawei Entrusts, Shares, Transfers, and
                                                                    Discloses Your Personal Data
1. Entrusting
In some cases, we may entrust other companies to
                                                                        process your personal data on behalf of us. For
                                                                        example, we may entrust another company for
                                                                        hotline support, sending emails, and providing
                                                                        technical support. Such companies may only use
                                                                        your personal data to provide services on behalf
                                                                        of us.
We will enter into a strict entrusting agreement
                                                                        or personal data processing terms with the
                                                                        entrusted party. The entrusted party is
                                                                        obligated to process related personal data in
                                                                        accordance with this Statement and our
                                                                        instructions, and take relevant confidentiality
                                                                        and security measures to ensure personal data
                                                                        security.
2. Sharing
Sharing refers to the process in which we provide
                                                                        personal data to other personal data processors,
                                                                        and both parties can independently determine the
                                                                        data processing purposes and methods. We will
                                                                        not share your personal data with external
                                                                        parties, except in the following cases:
(1) Sharing with your consent: After obtaining your consent, we will share your authorized personal data with third parties designated by you.
(2) Sharing under statutory circumstances: We may share your personal data in accordance with laws/regulations, litigation resolution requirements, or legal requirements of administrative and judicial authorities.
(3) Sharing with our affiliates: Your data may be shared with our affiliates. We will share your data with our affiliates only for specific, definite, and legitimate purposes. We will only share data necessary for providing services. For example, in order to avoid repeated registration of HUAWEI IDs, we need to verify the global uniqueness of the account to be registered.
(4) Sharing with business partners: To ensure the quality of services provided to you, we may share your order, account, device, and location information with our third-party partners. However, we will only share your personal data for legitimate, appropriate, necessary, specific, and definite purposes. Our partners include:
a. Third-party sellers and developers: Some of our products or services are directly provided to you by third parties. In this case, we will share transaction-related information with third parties to fulfill the requirements for products or services you have purchased. For example, when you purchase products from third-party developers in HUAWEI AppGallery, we will share necessary information with them to complete the transaction.
b. Providers of goods or technical services: We may share your personal data with third parties that support our features and functions, including third parties that supply or provide infrastructure technology services, logistics and distribution services, payment services, and data processing services. We share such data for the purpose of implementing the functionality of our products and services. For example, we will share your order information with the logistics service provider to arrange delivery, or your order number and purchase amount with a third-party payment agency to confirm your payment instructions and complete the transaction.
We will perform security assessment on the sharing behavior and personal data receivers, and sign a data protection agreement or strict non-disclosure agreement with them, requiring them to abide by this Statement and take appropriate confidentiality and security measures when processing your personal data.
3. Transfer
If personal data transfer is involved due to
                                                                        merger & acquisition, division, dissolution, or
                                                                        bankruptcy, we will send prior notifications to
                                                                        you to specify the receivers' names and contact
                                                                        information, and require them to abide by this
                                                                        Statement when processing your personal data.
                                                                        The receiver who attempts to change the original
                                                                        processing purpose or method shall obtain your
                                                                        consent again.
4. Public Disclosure
We will disclose your personal data only in the
                                                                        following cases:
(1) After obtaining your consent;
(2) On legal or reasonable grounds: We may
                                                                        disclose your information when required by laws,
                                                                        legal procedures, litigation, or public and
                                                                        government authorities.
How Huawei Protects Your Personal Data
The security of your personal data is important to us. We have adopted standard industry practices to protect your personal data from unauthorized access/disclosure/use/modification, damage, or loss. To this end, we take the following measures:
1. We take all reasonable and feasible measures
                                                                        to ensure that the personal data collected is
                                                                        minimal and relevant to what is necessary in
                                                                        relation to the purposes for which they are
                                                                        processed. We will retain your personal data for
                                                                        no longer than is necessary for the purposes
                                                                        stated in this Statement, unless otherwise
                                                                        extending the retention period is required or
                                                                        permitted by law.
2. We use cryptographic technologies to ensure
                                                                        the confidentiality of data transmission and
                                                                        storage, and implement trusted protection
                                                                        mechanisms to protect data and data storage
                                                                        servers from attacks.
3. We deploy access control mechanisms to permit only authorized access to your personal data. In addition, we limit the number of authorized personnel and implement hierarchical permission management based on service requirements and personnel levels. Access to personal data will be logged and reviewed by authorized personnel on a regular basis.
4. We carefully select business partners and
                                                                        service providers and incorporate personal data
                                                                        protection requirements into commercial
                                                                        contracts, audits, and appraisal activities.
5. We organize security and privacy protection training courses, tests, and publicity activities to raise employees' personal data protection awareness.
We are fully committed to protecting your personal data. Nevertheless, no security measure is perfect, and no product, service, website, data transmission, computer system, or network connection is absolutely secure.
In response to possible risks, such as personal
                                                                        data leakage, damage, and loss, we have
                                                                        developed several mechanisms and control
                                                                        measures, clearly defined the rating standards
                                                                        of security incidents and vulnerabilities and
                                                                        the corresponding handling procedures, and
                                                                        established a dedicated
Security Advisory and
                                                                            Security Notice
page. We have also
                                                                        established a dedicated security emergency
                                                                        response team to implement security contingency
                                                                        plans, loss reduction, analysis, locating, and
                                                                        remediation, and to perform
                                                                        backtracking/countering operations with related
                                                                        departments in accordance with security incident
                                                                        handling regulations and requirements.
If any personal data security incident occurs, we will notify you, pursuant to local legal requirements, of the basic information about the security incident and its possible impact, measures that we have taken or will take, suggestions about active defense and risk mitigation, and remedial measures. The notification may take the form of an email, text message, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform data subjects individually, we will take appropriate and effective measures to release a Security Notice. In addition, we will also report the handling status of personal data security incidents as required by supervisory authorities.
How You Can Manage Your Personal Data
1. Personal Data Subjects' Rights, Such as
                                                                            Access, Correction, and Deletion
Legislation in certain countries and regions
                                                                        where we provide products and services
                                                                        stipulates that data subjects have rights to
                                                                        access, correct, and delete personal data, and
                                                                        restrict personal data processing. According to
                                                                        local laws, personal data subjects or their
                                                                        agents can submit requests for exercising data
                                                                        subjects' rights (referred to as "requests") to
                                                                        us.
(1) Requesting methods and channels
Data subjects' requests must be submitted in
                                                                        writing. The requests are equally valid even if
                                                                        the requester does not specify the laws on which
                                                                        the requests are based. In general, verbal
                                                                        requests are not valid unless otherwise
                                                                        permitted by local laws.
Data subjects' requests can be submitted through the official website of Huawei Consumer BG, My HUAWEI app, or HUAWEI ID Privacy center. If a data subject initiates a request via a hotline, email, online customer service, service center, or other channels, we will instruct the data subject to raise an official request through one of the aforementioned channels to facilitate progress communication and result feedback. We have established the dedicated channels to protect their legitimate interests, ensure our business operation, and prevent their rights from being misused or fraudulently used.
(2) Validity of requests
Most laws require data subjects to comply with
                                                                        specific requirements when they initiate
                                                                        requests. This Statement requires data subjects
                                                                        to:
a. Submit requests through dedicated request channels (namely,
official website of Huawei
                                                                        Consumer BG
, My HUAWEI app, or HUAWEI ID Privacy center).
b. Provide sufficient information for Huawei to verify their identities (to ensure those who initiate the requests are the data subjects themselves or those authorized by them).
c. Ensure that their requests are specific and feasible.
(3) Request processing period
We will make every effort to respond within one
                                                                        month upon receiving a request to access
                                                                        personal data. This period may be extended if
                                                                        necessary, depending on the number of requests
                                                                        and their complexity. If the request period is
                                                                        to be extended, we will notify the data subject
                                                                        of the situation and reason for delay. In the
                                                                        event of any time conflict between this section
                                                                        and local laws/regulations, the latter shall
                                                                        prevail.
(4) Request results
After a request is submitted, the following may
                                                                        occur:
a. The request is rejected.
Requests from data subjects may be declined in
                                                                        the following situations, including but not
                                                                        limited to:
(a) Local laws do not grant relevant rights to
                                                                        data subjects;
(b) The identity of the requester cannot be
                                                                        verified;
(c) The request cannot be verified or is out of
                                                                        scope, especially when requests are sent
                                                                        repeatedly;
(d) The requested information is related to the
                                                                        compensation that we will make or receive as a
                                                                        result of an ongoing dispute, and the disclosure
                                                                        of such information is likely to damage our
                                                                        interests;
(e) The retained information is used for
                                                                        statistical and research purposes only, and the
                                                                        publication of statistics and research results
                                                                        does not reveal personal identities;
(f) Other situations stipulated by laws.
If we decline a request from a data subject, we
                                                                        will provide the requester with a formal
                                                                        explanation.
b. The request is accepted.
If none of the situations described in (1)
                                                                        occurs, we will honor the request of the data
                                                                        subject. To increase the likelihood that the
                                                                        request will be accepted, please provide as
                                                                        detailed information as possible when submitting
                                                                        your request, such as the request type, specific
                                                                        content, information about the information
                                                                        holder (such as the account name you use for our
                                                                        products and services), and time frame in which
                                                                        the information was generated or processed
                                                                        (requests within a shorter period of time have a
                                                                        higher likelihood of being accepted).
(5) Special notes
a. Only legal guardians or legally authorized persons have the right to access the personal data of others.
b. Most laws/regulations specify the circumstances under which an organization may not provide data to data subjects. These cases include scenarios when providing data may undermine ongoing efforts against terrorism; when the data subject has made repeated requests, or when obtaining and providing such information would consume disproportionate resources.
c. Typically, we will not provide the following information:
(a) Information about others: Requests from data subjects may involve other individuals besides the data subject. We will not provide such information, unless authorized by the relevant individuals.
(b) Repeated requests: If the data subject initiates the same or similar requests related to one data subject for multiple times, and the data has not changed since the last time we provided the data, we will not provide a copy of the data in most cases. Additionally, we have no obligation to provide information that has been publicly available.
(c) Confidential opinions: We are not obligated to provide the requested information if such information is a confidential opinion.
(d) Special documents: We will not disclose any special information in response to requests for accessing personal data. Typically, special information includes any confidential documents (such as attorney/client communication), and information that obtains or expresses a corresponding legal opinion (irrespective of whether it is related to the lawsuit itself or related to information from court proceedings).
2. Withdrawal of Consent
If allowed by applicable laws, you have the right
                                                                        to withdraw your consent at any time when we
                                                                        process your personal data based on your
                                                                        consent. However, the withdrawal of consent
                                                                        shall not affect the lawfulness and
                                                                        effectiveness of your personal data processing
                                                                        based on your consent before the withdrawal is
                                                                        made, or affect any data processing based on
                                                                        another justification other than your consent.
For details about how to withdraw your consent
                                                                        for a specific product or service, see the
                                                                        Product Privacy Notice.
3. How Do We Protect the Personal Data of the Deceased
If you are a close relative of a deceased Huawei user and you are in China, you can contact us (via
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/legal/privacy-questions/
) and exercise the rights stipulated by laws to view, copy, correct, and delete their personal data, unless they made arrangements otherwise. Please note that the personal data here only includes HUAWEI ID-related data of the deceased.
How Huawei Processes the Personal Data of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of
                                                                        minors' personal data. We will provide services
                                                                        and protection for minors in strict accordance
                                                                        with national laws/regulations. Parents or other
                                                                        guardians should also take appropriate measures
                                                                        to protect minors, including monitoring their
                                                                        use of products or services.
We treat anyone under the age of 14 (or the age stipulated by local laws) as a child. Children are not allowed to create their own HUAWEI IDs without the consent of their parents or other guardians. We will strictly restrict the entrusted processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of children's personal data in accordance with laws/regulations. If the guardian needs to access, correct, or delete the personal data of the person under guardianship at any time, please contact us according to Chapter 10 "How to Contact Us." If we find that we have collected children's personal data without obtaining the prior consent from authenticated parents or other guardians, we will manage to delete the data as soon as possible. For more information about children's privacy protection, see the
Huawei Consumer Business Statement About Children's Privacy Protection
.
Links to Third-Party Websites, Products, and
                                                                    Services
To ensure smooth user experience, Huawei
                                                                        websites, apps, products, and services may
                                                                        contain links to third-party websites, products,
                                                                        and services. Huawei's products and services may
                                                                        also use or provide products or services from
                                                                        third parties, such as third-party apps
                                                                        available on HUAWEI AppGallery. Huawei does not
                                                                        have control over third-party websites,
                                                                        products, and services, but you can choose
                                                                        whether to access these links.
Huawei also has no control over the privacy or
                                                                        data protection policies of third parties, as
                                                                        such third parties are not bound by this
                                                                        Statement. Before submitting personal data to
                                                                        third parties, please read and refer to their
                                                                        privacy or data protection policies.
How Your Personal Data Is Transferred Globally
Huawei is a multinational company. As such, the
                                                                        personal data we collect may be processed or
                                                                        accessed in countries or regions where you use
                                                                        our products or services, or other countries or
                                                                        regions where we or our affiliates,
                                                                        subsidiaries, service providers, or business
                                                                        partners are located. These countries/regions
                                                                        may have different data protection laws. In such
                                                                        circumstances, Huawei takes measures to ensure
                                                                        that data is processed as required by this
                                                                        Statement and applicable laws.
Personal data collected and generated during our
                                                                        operations in the People's Republic of China
                                                                        will be stored in China. If specific
                                                                        products/services involve cross-border transfer
                                                                        of personal data, we will provide personal data
                                                                        to the receiving party outside China after
                                                                        fulfilling legal obligations (for example, after
                                                                        passing regulatory security assessment).
Updates to This Statement
Huawei reserves the right to update this Statement at any time. This Statement may be updated from time to time. For the latest version, please visit our official website (
http://consumer.huawei.com
). If major changes are made to this Statement, we may notify you through different channels, for example, posting a notice on our website or sending you direct notification.
How to Contact Us
We have a department (or specialists) dedicated to personal data protection. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please contact us via the online customer service,
Privacy Questions
page, or our global offices. For a complete list of our offices, please visit the
Contact Huawei
page.
Generally, we will give an initial reply within three working days and answer your questions within the time frame specified by laws/regulations. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if you feel that our personal data processing has violated your legal rights and interests, you can submit complaints or report to local privacy protection regulators.
Note:
Due to differences in local laws
                                                                        and languages, the local versions of the Huawei
                                                                        Consumer Business Privacy Statement may differ
                                                                        from this version. In case of any conflicts, the
                                                                        local versions shall prevail.
Copyright © Huawei Device Co., Ltd. 2023. All rights reserved.
Last updated: December, 2023
Leaving consumer.huawei.com
After clicking the link, you will enter a third-party website. Huawei is not responsible and has no control over this third party website.
Return
Continue