Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 22nd May 2020
This page sets out our privacy policy, including how we collect and process data received from you on our website and mobile apps.
This privacy policy references GDPR. For the avoidance of doubt, this relates to General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament, concerning the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
Who controls and processes your data
We are Papertank Limited, a company incorporated in Scotland under the Companies Acts with Registered Number SC397013.
Our data controller contact details are:
Contact Name: David Rushton
Contact Email: david@papertank.com
Contact Phone: 0141 552 6954.
What we may collect
We may collect and process the following data about you through our gnight.tv website and Game Night mobile apps.
Information you put into your player name field.
Answers you submit while playing the game.
Information about your device (e.g. your IP address, web browser, operating system) for system administration, debugging and aggregate reporting.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies or similar technology to collect information about your access to the site. Cookies are pieces of information that include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you.
A few of the cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the site.
Our cookies will be used for: Performance and measurement – collecting statistical information about how our users use the site so that we can improve the site and learn which parts are most popular to users.
How we use the data we collect
We use information about you to:
Present site content effectively to you.
Carry out our Services with you as a user.
In addition, if you don’t want us to use your personal data for any of the other reasons set out in this section and policy, you can let us know at any time by contacting us at hello@papertank.com, and we will delete your data from our systems. However, you acknowledge this will limit our ability to provide our services to you, both now and in the future.
Where we store your data
We store your collected data on servers outwith the European Economic Area (EEA). Your data may also be transferred and processed outside the EEA – e.g. to our trusted partners for email delivery or payment processing. By giving us your personal data, you agree to this storage and transfer arrangement. We make every reasonable effort to keep your data secure.
We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it. In any event, we conduct regular reviews to audit recorded personal data, and your personal data will be deleted if we no longer need it.
When we disclose your information
We disclose your data and personal information in the following cases:
If our company is purchased, we will disclose your information to the buyer.
We can disclose if we have a legal obligation to do so, or in order to protect other people’s property, safety or rights.
We can exchange information with others to protect against fraud or criminal activity.
We also contract trusted third parties to supply certain services to you on our behalf. These may include reporting and logging software. In some cases, third parties may require access to some or all of your data and personal information. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is handled safely, securely and accordance with your rights, our obligations and the obligations of the third party under GDPR and privacy law.
Third parties we use which may have access to your information include:
Email / Hosting: Digital Ocean (digitalocean.com)
Error Handling: Sentry (sentry.io)
Server Management: Laravel Forge (forge.laravel.com)
Data Backups: Amazon Web Services (aws.amazon.com)
Analytics: Firebase / Google (analytics.google.com)
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Links to other sites
Please note that our terms and conditions and our policies will not apply to other websites that you visit via a link from our site, nor to websites who link to us. We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Changes to this policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page.