Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the 20th of September 2022.
Welcome to ConectaGames ( Web2mil S.A. ), we are a company offering Internet services, specifically games and applications for social networking sites and mobile devices (“
applications
”, or “
application
”). Your privacy is very important to us and we have designed our services with the protection of your information in mind. In this document, we refer to Web2mil S.A. as: (“
Web2mil S.A.
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”).
This document (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains how our company handles your personal information. We advise you to read it and contact us in case you require any further information.
When using our services or applications online, or on social networking sites, you also authorize the use of your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy contained in this document.
By using our services you agree with what is contained in this Policy. You are also aware it may change at any time, and that in the event it does, these changes will be reflected in future documents. It is your responsibility to periodically review this document to review possible changes made to it.
Information collected by our applications
When you make use of or install an application, it requests that you confirm the information you would like to share. The information requested is required to ensure its proper functioning. It generally includes your profile information (name, profile picture, gender, networks, user ID, contacts list, e-mail; and other information you may need or want to share). Our servers will register this information, if and only if, you agree to install the application and you give permission to allow sharing it with us. Web2mil S.A. is not responsible for the proper use of your information, or proper functioning of the application if the information given is not properly shared.
It is also possible that we may require that you send us additional information about yourself to provide further app functionality. For cases in which further personal information is required, this extra information will be saved in addition to the information provided in the first place. Both the request and the information given will be covered under this Privacy Policy.
When using our games or applications, you may choose to give other users more information about yourself. All of what you decide to share in this instance is under your absolute responsibility.
Our applications may have advertisements or links to other websites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies and we recommend our users review them. This Privacy Policy is only limited to the information collected by our applications.
What data are we collecting:
For our applications to function properly, we need a minimum amount of data for a good user experience. This includes:
User ID: Which is an identifier of the User, provided by Facebook, Apple, Google, or any other login provider, for the use of the app.
Name: This information is provided by Facebook, Apple, Google, or any other login provider. It is required for app functionality and developer communications. May be used for account management.
Public_profile: This allows the apps to read the Default Public Profile Fields on the User node. This permission is automatically granted by Facebook to all apps and allows us to show your picture and name on the app.
User e-mail: Your email permission allows the app to read a person's email address. Provided by Facebook, Apple, Google, or any other login provider. This information could be used for marketing.
The information described above in 1., 2., 3. and 4. is used or may be used for app functionalities, developer communications, and account management.
Purchase history: this information contains the purchases made related to our application and is used for app functionality, analytics, developer communications, advertising or marketing, and personalization.
User approximate location: user or device's physical general location, such as the city, based on the user's IP address, used for statistics and marketing.
Any e-mails sent by users to communicate with the developer: are used to facilitate response to users' queries, suggestions, and problems they may be experiencing with the app. It's an app functionality and may be used for account management.
Messages within the application: used for app functionality and developer communication.
Application crash logs, diagnostics, and other app performance data: used for statistics. This information facilitates the correction of errors and failures in the application, improving the user experience in subsequent updates.
Interactions in the app: examples of this include creating a table, making a purchase, using the chat, winning a match, and leaving a match, among others, are used for the correct functionality of the application, statistics, advertising or marketing, and fraud prevention, security, or law enforcement.
Other user-generated content and other actions: used for app functionality, developer communications, and fraud prevention, security, or compliance with laws.
Device type (device or other IDs): Collected for app functionality, statistics, developer communications, and advertising or marketing.
There are other permission requests that the app can use to provide more and better functionality, but the app might function without them. These permissions are:
user_birthday: The user_birthday permission allows the apps to read a person's birthday as listed in their Facebook profile. This permission allows the players to check the age of other players. It helps a lot in selecting partners and opponents to play with. It is desirable but not mandatory for the app to function properly.
user_gender: The user_gender permission allows the apps to read a person's gender as listed in their Facebook profile. This permission allows the app to show your gender and helps a lot in selecting partners and opponents to play with. It is also needed to set up the gender of the voice messages in the app that need voice messages as part of the game. It is desirable but not mandatory for the app to function properly. This information may be changed by the user at any time in the application. If no information is provided, the application chooses a default gender.
user_link: The user_link permission allows the apps to access the Facebook profile URL of the person using the app. This permission allows the players to be able to check the users' profiles of their partners and opponents. It helps a lot in selecting partners and opponents to play with. It is desirable but not mandatory for the app to function properly.
User Friends: This permission allows the app to get a list of a person's friends using that app. This permission is used within the app to create the Friend's ranking for you to compete against your Facebook friends that use the same app. It is desirable but not mandatory for the app to function properly.
How and Why is your data processed:
All your personal information requested by the app, and shared by you is stored on our servers. The servers use encrypted connections and all backups of the personal data are also encrypted.
Your data is used for the functionality of the game, to communicate new features about the games, and to offer support when asked.
Deleting your information:
If you are interested in deleting your account and Facebook's (Meta) platform data, you can delete it directly from the game interface. For this, you will need to go to "Settings" and then click on "Delete Account". A pop-up will appear where you need to write "DELETE". Please note that this action is irreversible, your account will be deleted immediately from our system.
You can always request to delete your account information by sending an e-mail to
soporte@web2mil.com.uy
or
soportejuegos@web2mil.com.uy
or contacting us using the Technical Support button in our applications.
Minors under 13 years old
Web2mil S.A. does not save information from those younger than 13 years old. If you are younger than this age, we ask you to please refrain from registering in our games or applications, or from sending us information about yourself. In the event you are aware of any person younger than 13 who has sent us personal information, please let us know immediately to properly erase it. You may contact us at
soporte@web2mil.com.uy
.
Minors 13 – 18 years old
We advise minors between these ages to discuss with their parents or legal guardians before sending personal information to us or using our apps.
How we use your information
Our company does not sell, rent or transmit your personal information to third parties. We utilize our app users' information to create statistics, improve our content, and to be able to better target advertisements, etc. None of these actions imply using your information to identify a person or to disclose personal information.
The information the application uses is used for its proper functioning, and for us to be able to communicate with you and provide you with new content or provide you with better services.
In the event the law requires us, we will be allowed to provide your personal information or any other that we have collected related to you. This disclosure will only occur to avoid liability claims, conform to legal measures, to protect the rights, property, and/or company assets or general public interest.
Web2mil S.A. may keep or erase copies of the information that is generated or provided by you on our services (logs, etc) at our sole discretion, and for any reason, we may consider convenient or inconvenient.
Our application or service may require some information besides your personal information such as your IP address, or any other type of technical information, which allows for the proper functioning of our application or its additional features.
Web2mil S.A. is allowed to disclose your information to other companies with the intent of solving technical difficulties, or giving you a better service, but will not allow these companies to use it freely. All the information that you generate or share within our chat or game will be considered public domain and may be used as such. Be it from Web2mil S.A. or by other users. You may cease to use our application when you desire, however information on your ranking on the game or application relative to other users may still appear. We are not required to keep your information at any time. The chat might be monitored by an automatic monitoring system or by a human person that might suspend or block your game account, or your ability to use the chat. This may happen anytime the monitoring system or person in charge, considers that improper use of the chat or any other game function has been detected. Even in error, this decision is final.
Transferring your information
Web2mil S.A. reserves the right to transfer your information in the event of transfer or selling of the company, or third party acquisition of those assets related to applications, or in the event of a merger with another company. We will inform our users, who have provided and kept their email addresses updated, of such development.
Cookies
Our services and applications may use cookies to better the quality of our service or provide additional ones. Cookies are small text files that are stored in your hard disk or computer memory, which hold additional information about your session and use of our service.
Advertisers
Web2mil S.A. does not provide its sponsors with your personal information. However, they may employ cookies or other means to collect more information about you. For example, Advertisers may request Web2mil S.A. to show a specific advertisement to those 18 and older, those living in a specific country, or any other general feature of our users. It is important for us that you understand that without giving out your personal information, advertisers may, in some ways, get indirect information about you. Additionally, Web2mil S.A. is not responsible for the information requested by advertisers directly to you.
Information protection
Web2mil S.A. makes every effort to keep your personal information confidential by using encryption, firewalls, etc., but does not guarantee the above-mentioned are infallible. We are also not responsible for any kind of information theft by third parties. By using our services, you agree not to hold Web2mil S.A. responsible in any way, in the event that a technical or security issue exposes your personal information.
Deleting your information:
If you are interested in deleting your account and Facebook's (Meta) platform data, you can delete it directly from the game interface. For this, you will need to go to "Settings" and then click on "Delete Account". A pop-up will appear where you need to write "DELETE". Please note that this action is irreversible, your account will be deleted immediately from our system.
You can always request to delete your account information by sending an e-mail to
soporte@web2mil.com.uy
or
soportejuegos@web2mil.com.uy
or contacting us using the Technical Support button in our applications.
Contact
You may contact us at any time by emailing us at
soporte@web2mil.com.uy
.
This frame prevents back/forward cache problems in Safari.