SIGN UP FREE
LOGIN
At fantasyfootballfix.com we are dedicated to safeguarding your privacy when you visit our site, and we want to be clear and transparent about the data we collect and what happens to your information.
This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions of use, explains what happens to any information that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you are using our site.
Our website uses cookies. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
By using our website you are agreeing to this policy, and you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Who are we
We are fantasyfootballfix.com and can be contacted on the below contact details:
By email – info@fantasyfootballfix.com
By post – Fix Sports Stats Ltd, 5 Shaw Street, Ruddington, NG11 6HF
Why do we collect and use your personal information
We collect and use your personal information such as your name and email address so we can setup your account on fantasyfootballfix.com and you can then use our products and services.
We use your personal information such as your name and email to send you future marketing communications about products and services that may be of interest to you. We will communicate marketing information to you by email. Each marketing email will include an unsubscribe link that you can click on to opt-out of future marketing emails. You are also able to object to the use of your personal information for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us using the above contact details.
Cookie Policy
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the “settings” section of your computer. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org
Who will we share your personal information with
We will only share your personal information with Mailchimp if you chose to subscribe to our email alerts.
We will only share your name and email information to our payment providers, Stripe and PayPal, if you wanted to make a purchase on our site. We do not take, collect, or store your payment information, all our payment services are hosted by either Stripe or PayPal and you have the option to chose which payment provider to use at the point of purchase.
We will only share your personal information with third parties such as HMRC or the FCA where we are required to do so by law.
We will not share your information with any other parties than mentioned above.
What happens if I do not provide my personal information
We need your email address in order to create your account to use our products and services. If we do not collect your personal information we will not be able to provide our services to you.
How long will we store your personal information
We will store your personal information for up to six years from ceasing to use our products or services. This is to enable us to refer to our records in the unlikely event that you want to lodge a complaint against us within six years.
If you do not object to marketing or unsubscribe we will store your personal information and use it for marketing purposes until you object or unsubscribe.
What are your rights in relation to your personal information
Right to access
You have the right to request copies of the personal information we hold about you at any time.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information from our records.
Please note that we will not be able to delete your personal information whilst we are still providing our services to you. We will be able to delete your personal information once you cancel the service or once the service is completed.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we restrict how we use your personal information.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the collection and use of your personal information at any time.
Right to data portability
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information in a legible and compatible format such as Excel or Word.
How can I exercise my rights in relation to my personal information
You can exercise all of your rights by contacting us on any of the above contact details.
How do I lodge a complaint about the use of my personal information
You can lodge a complaint with us directly by contacting us on one of the above contact details.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). The ICO are the regulator who makes sure that we use your personal information in a lawful way.
You can lodge a complaint with the ICO by following this link https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or calling the ICO on 0303 123 1113.
How do I contact you
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to; info@fantasyfootballfix.com, or by post to Fix Sports Stats Ltd, 5 Shaw Street, Ruddington, NG11 6HF.
Who is your data controller
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is; Fix Sports Stats Ltd.