Privacy Policy
Last Updated on April 24, 2020
1. Overview
Giftbuster Inc. respects your right to privacy. We have created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“)to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personally identifiableinformation is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our Site.
Giftbuster is a service that allows to save products and wish list from any online stores and toget sale alerts for your collected wish(products).
2. Collection and use of personal data
To use the Giftbuster service, email address, first name, last name, password are required. Alsoyou will be required to register by providing us as well as your birth date, and gender. We usepersonally identifiable information to deliver the Service, to comply with reasonable requests oflaw enforcement and recommend additional content to you. You are not required by law toprovide us with any such information, but by using the Services and agreeing to the Terms youagree to provide us with such information.
3. Personally Identifiable Information
We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual (“Personally IdentifiableInformation”) only when you provide such information directly to us in connection with theService. We ask for Personally Identifiable Information such as your name and e-mail addresswhen you register for the Service, or if you correspond with us (in which case we will also retainour responses). We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and maycollect the information you provide in User Content you post to the Service.
4. Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We also collect and use information about your interactions with the Service in a manner andformat that does not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). Wemay collect, use, and disclose Non-Personally Identifiable Information as set forth below.
Wish list information: When you save products using our browser widget (“Add viaGiftbuster”), we collect data regarding the product that you tagged. This data includesthe title, product name, price, image, store name, color, size, description, your rating,meta-tag and the url to the applicable third-party online store. When you buy productsusing Giftbuster application, website, blogs or any email links, we collect data regardingthe product that you purchased. This data include the purchase amount, date ofpurchase and name of online store.
Analytics Information: We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic andusage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your application aspart of a page request and other information that assists us in improving the Service. Wecollect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannotreasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
Log File Information: When you use our Service, our servers automatically record certainlog file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as yourweb request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device type, number of wish lists, productinformation, and how you interact with links on the Service, online store names, landingpages, and other such information. In addition, when you use Giftbuster certaininformation may be automatically gathered about your computer, browser, operatingsystem, geo-location, IP address or mobile device, or in respect of any other of youractivities using the Services.
5. Security
Giftbuster is very concerned with safeguarding your information. Giftbuster uses commerciallyreasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected throughthe Service. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requestinga unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You areresponsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, andfor controlling access to your email communications from Giftbuster, at all times.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submittedto us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmissionover the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive touse commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guaranteeits absolute security. We will delete any information provided to us by a user upon the receipt of a written (including via email) request by such user. We cannot restore information once it hasbeen deleted.
6. Referral Service and Requesting References
Giftbuster provides a referral service that allows you to invite your friends and contacts to useGiftbuster. We may integrate the Platform with third party sites such as Facebook, so that youcan send invitation messages or requests for references via the third party site itself.
You may also send invitation/request emails via the Platform itself, in which case we will ask youfor the contact information to which to send your invitation/request. You can type in the emailaddresses or other contact information manually, or you can choose to import the contacts inyour address book(s). In both cases, we may use and store this information for the solepurposes of allowing you to send your friends and contacts an invitation or request for areference, and for fraud detection and prevention. With respect to referrals, we will also storethe email addresses of your invitees to track if your friend joins Giftbuster in response to yourreferral.
7. Third Party Sites and Services
Portions of the Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to orusing websites or services belonging to third parties. The Services may also provide you withlinks to access the websites of third-party vendors or retailers. We have no control overthird-party websites or services, and all use of third-party websites or services is at your ownrisk. Giftbuster cannot accept responsibility for the privacy policies of any such websites.Giftbuster is not responsible for the content or available by means of such websites or services.Giftbuster does not endorse any products offered by third parties and we urge our users toexercise caution in using third-party websites or services.
8. Rectification of personal data and account deletion
Information about you as a user can be accessed and modified at any time from the applicationsettings. You can also permanently delete your user account: once your request has been made andtaken into account by our services, we will deactivate and then delete your account and all relateddata as soon as possible.
9. Children
Giftbuster does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 14. Inthe event you become aware that an individual under the age of 14 has enrolled withoutparental permission, please advise us immediately.
10. Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the informationbelow. Email:
info@giftbuster.app
Giftbuster may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to review itperiodically.