404
Page Not Found
The page you are looking for could not be found.
Go to Homepage404
Page Not Found
The page you are looking for could not be found.
Go to Homepage
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.firstchoicecu.org/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Josh Marruffo
2024-02-09T13:31:37-05:00
Privacy Policy and Disclosure
The following is the Privacy Notice and Disclosure for First Choice Credit Union
At First Choice Credit Union, we are committed to protecting our members’ privacy and it is our stated intent to comply with the NCUA Privacy Rules and all other applicable privacy provisions.
FACTS: WHAT DOES FIRST CHOICE CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHY?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all of the sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
WHAT?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
HOW?
All financial companies need to share members’ information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list reasons financial companies can share their members’ personal information; the reasons First Choice Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your information
Does the Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes
– such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes
– to offer our product and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your transactions and experiences
NO
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes
– information about your creditworthiness
NO
NO
For non-affiliates to market to you
NO
NO
To limit our sharing
Call 561-641-0100
Please Note:
If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 7 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call 561-641-0100
Visit www.First Choicecu.org, or write to us at: 1055 S. Congress Avenue, West Palm Beach FL 33406
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
First Choice Credit Union
Who we do
How does First Choice Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings
How does First Choice Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a Loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choice will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Financial companies include such companies as CUNA Mutual
Website Privacy Policy
The following is the Web-Site Privacy Policy for First Choice Credit Union.
First Choice Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of our members. In general, you can visit us on the World Wide Web without disclosing to us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are several areas, however, that will collect certain information about you and we want you to know how we handle that information. If you visit our website, First Choice Credit Union collects and stores information on the domain you use to access our website, the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to the site, and the date and time of your visit. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various pages on our site to better serve our membership. If you send an e-mail, First Choice Credit Union collects and stores personally-identifying information in order to process your e-mail, form or application. This information is not sold to any third parties. Due to the volume of e-mail activity, these messages are deleted after they are answered or completed. If you visit a secure site, such as home banking, you will be asked for personal identification numbers which will give you access to the member only section of our website. This information enables First Choice Credit Union to regulate entry to the member only portions of our website and to measure member usage. Any identifying information gathered is not sold to third parties. If you link to another site from any of our pages, you are leaving our site pages, and we cannot be held responsible for any information that may be gathered at a linked site. We make every effort however, to ensure that all linked sites follow similar privacy policies as ours to offer you maximum security and privacy. FCCU Mobile Banking periodically collects, transmits, and uses geolocation information for enabling features that prevent fraudulent card use and alerts, but only if the End User expressly authorizes collection of such information. Geolocation information can be monitored on a continuous basis in the background only while the Solution is being used or not at all, depending on the End User’s selection. The End User can change his/her/their location permissions at any time in their device settings.)
Notices, Terms & Conditions
Notice 1:
To assist members in accessing information not maintained on this site, the Credit Union provides links to other internet addresses. Be advised that  by clicking on any link to other internet addresses, 1) you are leaving the Credit Union’s website, 2) you are linking to an alternate website not operated by the Credit Union, 3) the Credit Union is not responsible for the content of the alternate website, 4) the Credit Union does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction, and 5) privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by the Credit Union.
Notice 2:
Opening New Accounts: To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What does this mean for you? We will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents.
Notice 3:
First Choice Credit Union will NEVER solicit its members by email requesting personal information, passwords, or account information such as your credit card number, ATM PIN, or Social Security number.
Page load link
Go to Top
Chat
✕
Hi! I'm here to assist you. Need help? Click here to chat with me anytime.