Privacy and Security:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
Oct 31, 2024
Introduction
2NDSITE Inc. (“FreshBooks”, “we”, “us” and terms of similar meaning) is committed to providing a best in class accounting platform, and we believe that includes taking great care in protecting your Personal Information. The following policy explains how we collect, use, store, share, retain, transfer, and process your Personal Information. This policy also describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Information and how to exercise those rights. “Personal Information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information and data that FreshBooks collects when you use our website or our products and services.
Summary
This policy applies to:
Visitors to our website
Customers
Clients
Users of our products and services
We may amend this policy from time to time. We encourage you to review this policy periodically, as changes will be posted on this page. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will provide a prominent notice. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not use our website, products, or services.
This policy will cover:
What Personal Information We Collect
How We Collect Information
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Information
How Long We Retain Your Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Security
Automated Decision Making and Artificial Intelligence
Information for California Residents
Your Rights Regarding Access to and Control over Personal Information
Information for California Residents
How to Contact Us
What Personal Information We Collect
We collect various types of information depending on how you interact with us and what products or services you use.
Personal Information you provide to us
If you fill out a form on our website that requires contact information such as signing up for a newsletter, submitting a request for information or products and services we will collect and process that information to provide you with the communication, products or services. These types of Personal Information may include your name, email address, company name, job title, your physical address, payment and billing information.
Personal Information collected when you visit our website
When you use our website, we may automatically collect Personal Information such as your IP address, user-agent information (which is automatically sent by your web browser and may include device type), and information collected by cookies and other similar technologies.
Personal Information collected when you use our products or services
When you use our products and services, we collect other types of Personal Information. These types of Personal Information include:
IP Address
Name
Email address
Street Address
Telephone Number
We may also collect usage data regarding your use of our products and services, and this data may contain Personal Information.
We also collect payment and billing information when you subscribe to the use of our products and services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address for your account and payment information. We use this information solely to process payments and deliver our products and services.
How We Collect Information
We collect Personal Information from you when you visit our website or use our products and services. Some of this information is provided by you, and some is collected automatically. We collect Personal Information in the following ways:
Directly from you when you create a business account
Directly from you when you create a contractor or employee account
Directly from you when you create an accountant account
Directly from a business owner if you are an employee or contractor
Directly from a business owner if you have a business relationship with them
Directly from an accountant by if you have a business relationship with them
How We Use Your Information
We process your Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide our services
To respond to your requests for information
Protect against fraud and other criminal activity
To contact you with updates about our services
To market and advertise our services, including sending marketing communications, with your consent
To analyze and improve our website and services
How We Share Information
We share Personal Information with our affiliates and partners, as needed to provide our services. We share Personal Information with service providers such as accountants, payment processing companies, and other vendors we use to operate our website and provide our products and services.
Our vendors and service providers are not permitted to use your Personal Information for any other purpose than to provide contracted services. Vendors are not permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing, and are not allowed to share your information for marketing purposes.
We may share personal information in response to a legal summons or subpoena, or if required by law enforcement agencies.
Please find a list of our third-party sub-processors
here
:
*
FreshBooks does not sell Personal Information.
How Long We Retain Your Information
How long we keep Personal Information that we have collected depends on the type of information and the purpose for which it was collected. After a reasonable period of time or the completion of the purpose for which it was collected, we will either delete or anonymize Personal Information. The criteria for determining periods of retention will be based on the type of data.
We retain Personal Information where we have an ongoing legitimate business purpose to do so, for example to resolve disputes or to comply with ongoing legal obligations.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Cookies are small files stored on your web browser when you visit our website. Some cookies last only as long as you remain on the website; others, called “persistent cookies,” may be stored for longer periods of time.These cookies can make browsing easier by storing your password or your preferences regarding how you use the website. Cookies collect information such as the IP address of your computer, your browser settings, and information about how you use the website. Your general location may be estimated from your IP address. Some cookies track users’ activity on our website, apps, and services in order to deliver personalized advertising to you on this and other websites.
If you would like to opt out of cookies, please use our cookie management tool. You may also find more information about cookies, including how to opt out of interest-based advertising, at
www.cookiesandyou.com
.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect the information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, but no security measures are perfect; the risk of a data breach is possible.
For more details on how we protect your data, please see our
Security Safeguards Page.
Automated Decision Making and Artificial Intelligence
We will use automated decision-making and artificial intelligence in various ways to help improve user experience and prevent fraud. Automated decision-making may be used for marketing purposes to help deliver the attractive offers to you. Artificial intelligence may be utilized in the following ways:
Fraud detection
Support chatbot
Credit evaluation
We take care when using artificial intelligence especially involving your Personal Information and endeavor there is always a human involved in the process.
International Data Transfers
Personal Information may be transferred from users residing in the European Union to our servers, partners, or vendors located in the United States and other non-EU countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that Personal Information remains protected wherever it is transferred. When we transfer Personal Information of individuals in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”) to the US, we make use of the Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum as well as additional safeguards where appropriate.
Your Rights Regarding Access to and Control over Personal Information
Depending on where you reside you may have the following rights with regard to your Personal Information:
Right of information and access –
You have the right to access your Personal Information we have about you and to be provided with a copy of your Personal Information.
Right
to rectification –
You have the right to correct or update your inaccurate or out of date Personal Information.
Right of erasure –
You have the right to request that your Personal Information be permanently erased/deleted.
Right to restrict processing –
You have the right to restrict the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to object to processing –
You have the right to object to specific types of processing of your Personal Information.
Right to portability –
You may ask to receive a portable copy of your Personal Information in a format that may be transferred to another organization.
Right not to be subject to decisions based solely on Automated Decision Making
– You have the right not to be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing.
Right to complain to a data protection authority –
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority in the country in which you reside, details of which can be provided upon request or to the lead supervisory authority for
[Company Name]
, which is
[insert name and contact details of your company’s designated data protection authority]
.
Right to withdraw consent –
If you have given us consent to collect or process your Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
The Right to Non-Discrimination –
We may not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please submit a request
privacy@freshbooks.com
.
Information for California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to information collected from California residents. Residents of California have the following rights with regard to their Personal Information:
The Right to Know and Access Information
The categories of Personal Information we collect is described above in the section
entitled “ The Information We Collect”. California residents may submit a verifiable
request regarding the information collected, the types of sources from which personal
Information is collected, the purposes for which information is collected, and the specific
Personal Information collected about them.
The Right to Have Personal Information Deleted
The Right To Portability
California residents may request a copy of their Personal Information in a format that can be transferred to another person or entity.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
We may not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
You may be asked for more information in order for us to verify your identity when you make a request. You may exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@freshbooks.com.
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code Sections 1798.100-1798.99, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
The sections above “What Personal Information We Collect” lists the categories of Personal Information we have collected in the preceding 12 months.
How to Contact Us
It is our goal to make our privacy practices easy to understand. If you have questions, concerns or if you would like more detailed information, please email our data protection representatives at:
FreshBooks Privacy Team
privacy@freshbooks.com
225 King St. W.  Suite 1200
Toronto, ON
M5V 3M Canada
FreshBooks Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Attn:
Davina Furnish
dpo@freshbooks.com
225 King St. W.  Suite 1200
Toronto, ON
M5V 3M Canada
FreshBooks EU Representative
Attn: Davina Furnish
eu-dpo@freshbooks.com
FreshBooks Netherlands B.V.
Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal 298 1012 RT
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Terms of Service, Privacy and Security
Security Safeguards
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Accounting Partner Program
Terms and Conditions of FreshBooks’ Referral Program
Instant Payouts