Privacy & Cookie Policy
At
bilbayt.com
we take your privacy seriously and we set out our privacy policy below which will govern the way in which we process any personal information that you provide to us. We will notify you if the way in which we process your information is to change at any time.  You can access our home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data, and save information collected by cookies that we may use (more on cookies below).
Site Owner:
We operate the website directly known as
www.bilbayt.com
which is the trading style of bilbayt who are situated in Kuwait.
Processed data :
Your personal information (which includes your name, address and any other details you provide to us which concern you as an individual) may be processed both by us.  Processing your information as mentioned above will be done in accordance with this privacy policy. By accepting the terms, you hereby agree to our processing such data.
Purpose of processing:
We will use your information for the purpose of supporting any services you arrange through us, for informing you of updates to the website services, special offers, news about future services and providing other marketing information to you which we think you may find of interest. We also undertake periodic product or customer research/development by way of reviews and questionnaires. Your details will remain private with us, and not be passed to any third party advertisers, mailing lists or outside marketers.  We retain all emailed information for a period of up to 7 (seven) years.  If you would like us to delete your personal information during that time, please send an email to
info@bilbayt.com
and provide details of your request.
Disclosure of information:
We will not pass on your personal details to any third party at any time without your express permission, unless we are obliged to by a court order, or we suspect that unlawful activity is being conducted.
Cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree to accept it, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to efficiently respond to you as an individual. The web application can then tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. We also use a widget which is known as a session cookie which enables you to continue to be logged into our website without having to leave and re-enter (if desired). A saved search function cookie allows you to search course information, our directories and our site’s profiles. These are not considered to be detrimental to your computer system, files or records.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may however prevent you from taking full advantage of the functions and enjoyment of our website.
Security Measures:
We have implemented reasonable security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorized access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorized destruction or accidental loss. However, we cannot be held responsible for any losses or damage howsoever caused whist using our website, mobile site or any App.
Third Party Sites or Applications:
We are not responsible for any misuse that may occur when visiting any third party websites via links, direct URL addresses or any third party applications. In addition to our own cookie applications, we may at times make use of some other third party applications on our site which enable us to conduct mailshots, email promotions and communications, WordPress database plug-ins, tap and go, Adelante, Mailchimp, Google maps and Facebook/ Twitter API. Whilst we consider these third party applications to be of sound value, we do not warrant that they are completely fail-proof. In addition, we may feature direct links to our Advertiser’s own websites, and of other carefully selected websites that appear in our webpage listings. You can check these third parties’ own individual privacy policies by visiting their respective pages, and examining their Tcs&Cs or FAQs. We advise that you should ensure that any external sites you visit from any such links have adequate security measures in place. If you are unsure you should refrain from visiting them.
Access to Information:
You may ask us whether we are storing personal information about you by emailing us at info@bilbayt.com and, if you wish, we will provide you with a copy of the personal data we hold about you by email. We may ask for proof of your identity before providing any information and reserve the right to refuse to provide any information requested, if your identity is not established satisfactorily.
A Common Sense approach to online security:
You should ensure that any external sites you visit from any links mentioned in this Cookies Policy have adequate security measures in place. If you are unsure you should refrain from visiting them. We do not accept any liability whatsoever, for any infections, viruses, Trojans or losses of any description, resulting from using this site, or any visit to any third party link accessed from this website.
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.