Responsibility
The information contained in this website (essl.org or eswd.org) is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by European Severe Storms Laboratory e.V. and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of the European Severe Storms Laboratory. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not imply an endorsement of the contents of these websites.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, the European Severe Storms Laboratory takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Data Policy
ESSL does not collect personal data through its web site, with the following exceptions. Upon registering for an ESSL event, ESSL will receive the personal data that the registering participant enters and will store these data into a database (name, address, e-mail address, phone number). These data will be stored until the participant has completed the course, or longer, if the participant gives explicit permission.
The European Severe Weather Database (ESWD), found at
www.eswd.eu
, uses a cookie storing a session ID in order to facilitate logging in without reentering credentials. Furthermore, the e-mail addresses of persons who have submitted severe weather reports are contained in the ESWD database. Upon submitting data to the ESWD, persons are requested permission to store this data (i.e. their e-mail addresses), and to allow this data to be shared with ESSL’s non-commercial partners for the purpose of report verification.
Furthermore, ESSL cannot exclude that persons using the European Weather Observer (EWOB) app and ESWD occasionally submit personal data through these reporting systems in graphical or text form (e.g. images of people or address information in text form), even though ESSL explicitly asks users not to do this. ESSL actively checks whether any private data has been entered and, if so, remove it, at least on a weekly basis.
ESSL does maintain a database of partners, contact persons, members or persons representing members, customers, and persons active in ESSL bodies. In addition, e-mail addresses of persons who have explicitly indicated to receive regular information about ESSL activities are stored as well. These data are synchronized among a limited number of ESSL employees authorized to access this data by means of a cloud service, that uses data encryption.
In order to get an overview of any data ESSL may have, please contact us at
inflow@essl.org
. You may also contact us at that address to ask that your data be removed from ESSL systems. For active contacts with which ESSL has an active relation, such as its members, this deletion of personal data may not be possible until this relation has ended.