Поверителност на данните и условия (Български)
Welcome to Middle Hut!
In this document we describe our Privacy Policy and the way we use and gather data of the Users of our Products and Services. By using our Products and Services, including the mobile game
Belot
and the
https://www.middlehut.com
web site, you are agreeing with these terms. Please, read them carefully.
Common Information
As part of the functionality of our products we may gather some information automatically via web server logs or services like Google Analytics and Crashlytics. This information is aggregated and anonymous and we are using it to fix bugs and improve our products. Examples of the data that we may collect include, but is not limited to: web browser type, mobile device type, screen size, IP address, operating system model.
Personal Information
We do not collect and do not store personal information with our products and services.
If you opt-in to use the Achievement system provided by
Google Play Game Services
or
Apple Game Center
, which in turn gives the player information about her achievements, theoretically we are able to retrieve your email address, name and circles list. However we do not collect and store such information in our organization. This information may only be used for visual feedback to the players during their current game session.
In case that you contact us by e-mail or services like Facebook and Twitter, we may archive this correspondence information. When you contact us for technical support we may request from you the model of your device or something else that can help us to resolve the issues with our products. This information will solely be used to resolve issues or improve our products and services and will never be given away to third parties for any reason.
In our web site and games we may use links or integrated services like the Achievements system by Google and Apple or other service providers like Facebook and Twitter. These third party Services are not directly related to us and their activities are not the subject of this document. If you opt-in to use the Achievement system, we recommend that you read theirs Privacy Policy too.
Advertising
Our products may incorporate third-party dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology which enables advertising to be temporarily uploaded into the Application on your mobile device. When you use
Belot
, third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use information logged from your device using
cookies
, web beacons and other technologies to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Application and to calculate the number of unique and repeat views of advertising. This information includes, but is not limited to: IP address, device make and model, advertisement(s) served.
Currently we use
Admob
,
Facebook Audience Network
and
Unity Ads
to provide in-game advertisements. If you are more interested on how they handle the information, please refer to their privacy policies too. If you do not agree with their policies, please do not use our products and services.
If you have questions or recommendations about our Privacy Policy please write us at
androidbelot@gmail.com
.
Liability, Warranties and Disclaimer
We try to keep Belot and the other our services up, bug-free, and safe, but You use them at your own risk. We are providing Belot and the other services as is without any express or implied warranties including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
We do not guarantee that Belot will always be safe, secure or error-free or that Belot will always function without disruptions, delays or imperfections. Middle Hut is not responsible for the actions, content, information, or data of third parties, and You release Us from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim You have against any such Third Parties. We will not be liable to You for any special, indirect, or incidental damages arising out of or in connection with this statement or Belot, even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree that your use of the services shall be at your sole risk.
Middle Hut, its team, employees, and affiliates disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the service and your use of it. Middle Hut makes no warranties about the accuracy or completeness of our games and services and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies, (ii) personal injury or property damage resulting from your access to and use of the games and services, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all personal information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or termination of transmission from the service, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses which may be transmitted to or through the service by any third party. Middle Hut does not warrant, endorse, or guarantee for any product or service advertised or offered by a Third Party through the service or any linked services or featured in any banner or other form of advertising.
Last updated 06.03.2020