The protection of your personal data in the collection, processing and use during your visit to our homepage is a very serious concern. All personal information, such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, account number, etc., and any information that may be attributed to you will be referred to as personal information. This includes the IP address that is automatically transmitted when you visit a website. This is technically mandatory.
We want you to know when we collect information and how we use it. We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the rules on data protection are observed by us as well as by possible external service providers. In particular, we also take into account the Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) of the European Union (EU) to be implemented as of 25.05.2018.
Below you will find information about which data is collected during your visit to the homepage and how it is used.
If you want to assert your rights (see below), please contact us as the person responsible for the data processing on this website - the contact details can be found in the imprint.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding data protection, please contact our external data protection officer (DSB) at datenschutz@rauch.de. Please include our company name in the subject line so that the external DSB can assign this more easily.
Legal Basis
Personal data may only be "processed" if there is a valid legal basis for this. The processing is bound to a specific purpose. We process personal data that we can collect via this website on the basis of the following legal bases:
Balance of interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO
When tools are used that aim to make our website more customer-friendly, efficient and secure, this can be done in the context of a weighing of interests, as this does not involve profiling user behavior and only briefly erases the IP address of the visitor is stored. This applies, for example, to Google Analytics.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of a possible or existing business relationship (B2B relationship) is also processed in the context of the weighing of interests.
Contractual relationship according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO
If you, as a private individual, provide us with your personal information (for example, in the context of a product inquiry), we process this data in the context of a contract initiation or to process the contractual relationship.
Legal requirements according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c DSGVO
Insofar as we are subject to legal requirements which we must use to maintain your personal data, this is done within the scope of this legal basis.
Consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO
In rare cases it may be possible for us to use your personal information for a purpose other than intended. If this should occur and there is no other legal basis, we need your voluntary - at any time for the future - revocable consent, which we will then ask separately.
Collection and processing of personal data
Website access
When you visit our website, your IP address and other information will be automatically transmitted. We do not store this data ourselves, but our service provider needs this information to provide the website with technical means. It automatically logs every access to our homepage as well as every possible retrieval of a file stored on the homepage.
The following are logged: name of the retrieved file, date and time of the retrieval, amount of data transferred, message about successful retrieval and web browser. The IP address of the computer from which the request was sent is not saved. Personal user profiles can therefore not be formed.
The storage serves internal system-related purposes, essentially to ensure the availability of our website, i.a. in accordance with § 100 TKG (disruption and misuse of telecommunications systems). The log data will be deleted after a reasonable period of time (maximum 10 weeks). The processing in our responsibility takes place within the framework of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Please note that telecommunications service providers are legally obliged to store connection data within an appropriate framework (Article 6 (1) (c) DSGVO).
As far as we want to use the transmitted IP address for further purposes, this is explained in more detail below.
Duty to provide information in accordance with Art. 13 DSGVO
With the General Data Protection Regulation, we are required to provide relevant information for each collection of personal data that takes place directly with the data subject. As part of our website, we collect personal information from you and would therefore like to inform you accordingly. This survey is, for example, if we
Your IP address for the technical provision of the website
use a tracking tool that uses the IP address
Your input in a contact module to communicate with us.
Basic procedure:
Insofar as you have provided us with personal data, we only use these to answer your inquiries and for technical administration. The exception is the anonymized IP address for statistical evaluation.
Your personal data will only be disclosed to third parties or otherwise transmitted if this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution - in particular transfer of order data to suppliers - this is required for billing purposes, we are legally obliged to do so within the scope of a contract processing by sub-contractor or You have previously agreed. You have the right to revoke your consent with effect for the future at any time.
The deletion of the stored personal data takes place if you revoke your consent to the storage, if their knowledge is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose for which they were stored, ie the process is completed and there are no statutory deletion periods, or if their storage from other legal grounds is inadmissible. If the data can not be deleted for technical reasons, we will anonymise it, so that a personal reference can not be produced in the future.
All surveys or processing of this website are the responsibility of our company.
Additional detailed information can be found at the following points.
Contact forms
When contacting us through our website, we use the contact form to collect various personal data from you. Obligatory fields, which are marked with an asterisk, we need for a meaningful completion of your request - other information is voluntary. We transmit your request to our internal system without caching via an encrypted path. However, please be careful not to provide any confidential information or information in this way.
We use this information exclusively for processing your request. For this purpose, the process described above is required for us. As far as it should be necessary for the completion, we integrate further places to process yours, taking into account the applicable legal regulations (for example in the context of a order processing). If your information has been sent to us for the purpose or in the context of a business relationship, we will store your contact details in our internal systems. Your actual concern may also be kept in internal systems (e.g., ticket system, e-mail system) to facilitate the process of internal processing.
Since we assume a permanent business cooperation, we delete or anonymize your data only on request (see your right to cancellation later) or if the purpose for the data storage is omitted, as far as no legal retention periods or deletion periods oppose.
The legal basis for the processing of private individuals is Art. 6 (1) lit. b DSGVO for the initiation or implementation of a contractual relationship, otherwise the processing is carried out within the framework of the weighing of interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO, because of course we have a justified interest in being able to serve you well in the long term.
RAUCH partner portal on our website
As an authorized RAUCH importer, you can register on our website (via e-mail). For this we need your company data, customer number, internet address, name and e-mail address (Germany or international) to use additional functions and information on the site. The data entered for this purpose is used only for the purpose of use
of the respective offer or service for which you have registered. The at the Registration requested mandatory information must be given in full. Otherwise we will reject the registration.
For important changes such as the scope of supply or technically necessary Changes we use the e-mail address given at registration to you to inform this way.
The processing of the data entered during registration is based on Of legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) (f) DSGVO) or on a contractual basis (Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR).
The data collected during registration will be stored by us as long as you are on are registered on our website and are subsequently deleted if no statutory retention periods preclude this or if you object to the processing.
Newsletter
If you are interested in a newsletter of our company for information purposes about our company, our products and services, we need your first name, surname and your e-mail address. After your registration, our system will send you an e-mail with an activation link, valid for 3 days, confirming the entry. This ensures that you are actually the owner of the specified e-mail address and that you agree to receive the newsletter. Only then will you receive the newsletter. If you do not confirm the activation link, your data will be deleted automatically after 3 days.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of the e-mail address and your specified data in a separate customer database as well as their use for sending the newsletter. For this you will find in the newsletter a note with link.
The consent of the registration / deregistration is ensured by the double-opt-in procedure. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the recipient. Only after confirmation by using the activation link is the sending of the newsletter released.
Your e-mail address will only be used to process the newsletter subscription. Possibly. For the fulfillment of the service, we use service providers within the framework of the legal requirements (for example as a processor). In the event of cancellation of the newsletter (revocation of consent for the future), your data will be deleted or anonymized within 3 days.
The processing of the data entered into the newsletter registration form takes place exclusively on the basis of your consent (Article 6 (1) a DSGVO).
cookies
The websites use so-called cookies in several places. These are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser. They can have several different functions: Cookies allow the user a more comfortable Internet use. By setting this the Internet gets a kind of memory - the website remembers something like that, that a user has already called it before and makes an encrypted page a re-registration unnecessary. Cookies also make it possible to identify complex usage and surfing behavior. You can save usage information and submit it to the user. As a result, the use of cookies enables the creation of a profile, which must be viewed critically under data protection law.
We set cookies based on the legal basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO (balance of interests). Details can be found in the explanation below.
When you visit our website, "cookies" are stored in the cache of your browser. These serve the technical, flawless presentation of the website. These are:
fe_typo_user
Session cookie for Typo3 user management. No personal data will be processed.
Storage duration: session
Adobe Typekit
To make visiting our website attractive we use external typefaces from Adobe Typekit. These are accessed when visiting the site by servers of Adobe Systems Inc., San Jose, California, USA. Adobe does not use cookies to provide the service. According to our information, however, the IP address of the user's device is transferred to Adobe and stored. For more information about Adobe Typekit privacy, see the Adobe privacy policy here:
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/typekit.html
Matomo Analytics
On our website we use the open source software tool Matomo (formerly PIWIK) to analyse the surfing behaviour of our users. This is an open source web analysis tool. Matomo does not transfer any data to servers outside the control of RAUCH. Matomo does not record any session data without your consent.
Matomo uses cookies. These text files are saved on your computer and enable RAUCH to analyse how its website is used. The information on usage collected by the cookie is transferred to RAUCH server and saved there so that we can analyse user behaviour. For us, your IP address is an anonymous code. This means we have no technical means of identifying you as a registered user. You will remain anonymous as a user.
The RAUCH Landmaschinenfabrik GmbH regards this analysis as an integral part of its online service. Its aim is to consistently improve the website and align it more closely with user needs.
If you consent to web analytics by Matomo, the following data is stored when individual pages of our website are accessed:
(1) 2 Bytes of the IP address of the user’s accessing system
(2) the website accessed
(3) the website from which the user reached the website accessed here (referrer)
(4) the other web pages visited from the main website accessed
(5) the time spent looking at the website
(6) the frequency with which the website is accessed.
The analysis software runs exclusively on the servers of our website. Storage of the user’s personal data only takes place there. The data is not passed on to third parties.
You can decide here whether or not to allow a web analysis cookie to be stored in your browser to enable RAUCH to gather and analyse statistical data.
Currently your visit to this website is being recorded by Matomo web analysis. If you do not wish your visit to be recorded in future, click here.
Google Tag Manager
This site uses Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a solution from Google Inc. that allows businesses to manage site tags from one interface. Google Tag Manager is a cookie-less domain that does not collect personally identifiable information. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which may collect data. We hereby point out separately. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If the user has been deactivated at the domain or cookie level, this will remain the same for all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Google Maps
This site uses the mapping service Google Maps via an API. Provider is Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use the features of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transmitted to and stored on a Google LLC server in the United States. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transfer. The use of Google Maps is for the sake of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy findability of the places we specify on the website. This constitutes an overriding legitimate interest on our part within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
Links to other websites
Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties on whose contents we have no influence. Therefore we can not assume any liability for these external contents. The content of the linked pages is always the responsibility of the respective provider or operator of the pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal content was not recognizable at the time of linking. However, a permanent content control of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of law. In case of legal violations we will remove such links immediately. Please note the privacy statements of third parties on whose page the link is made.
Your rights - rights of the data subject under DSGVO
Art. 12 - 23 GDPR regulate the rights of the data subject, i. Your rights regarding the handling of your personal data. These are essentially opposite us:
Right to information at the latest at the time of the survey pursuant to Art. 13 GDPR, which we comply with through this privacy policy.
Right to information according to Art. 15 GDPR
Right to cancellation according to Art. 17 GDPR
Right to restriction of processing according to Art. 18 GDPR
Right of objection according to Art. 21 DSGVO
Where applicable: Right to data portability according to Art. 20 GDPR
We will assist you in enforcing your rights in accordance with the GDPR and other legislation.
For inquiries regarding the exercise of your rights, please contact the place indicated in the imprint. Please understand that we can only provide personal information in the interests of the rights of other persons, if you can identify yourself appropriately. Therefore, we prefer the following way:
Upon written request we will gladly fulfill your request. You will receive from us a registered letter with the relevant documents. Due to possible queries, we ask you for additional information about contact details (email and / or telephone).
You also have a right of appeal to a supervisory authority. The competent authority is i.d.R. the state data protection officer of the state in which our company has its headquarters - this is the state data protection officer of Baden-Württemberg. A list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found on the following link:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
Safety note:
We endeavor to store your personal data by taking all technical and organizational possibilities so that they are not accessible to third parties. In the case of communication via an unencrypted e-mail, we can not guarantee complete data security, so that we recommend an encrypted route or the postal route for confidential information.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security purposes and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as a site operator. An encrypted connection is indicated by the browser's address bar switching from http: // to https: // and the lock icon in the browser bar.
If SSL or TLS encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policies/typekit.html:
Adobe Fonts
Last updated: November 05, 2021
The
Adobe Privacy Policy
describes the general privacy practices of
Adobe’s websites and applications
, including Adobe Fonts. More privacy-related information for Adobe Fonts is provided below.
Adobe Fonts is a service that provides you with access to a library of fonts for use in desktop applications and websites.
Adobe Fonts for Adobe applications
What information does the Adobe Fonts service collect when used with Adobe applications?
To provide the Adobe Fonts service within Adobe applications, Adobe may collect information about how fonts are used with those applications, such as the font used, when a document using the font is opened, and when a font is applied to a document. Adobe Fonts does not collect the content of documents using the fonts.
How does Adobe Fonts use the information it collects?
Adobe uses the information collected from Adobe applications to provide the Adobe Fonts service. For example, this information is used to calculate and pay usage royalties to the font foundries whose fonts are used, and to install and uninstall fonts based on their use. We share aggregate reporting with font foundries, but we do not share your personal information with font foundries.
Adobe Fonts for websites
How does the Adobe Fonts service for websites use Cookies?
In providing the Adobe Fonts website (
fonts.adobe.com
), we use
cookies
in accordance with our Privacy Policy. In providing the Adobe Fonts service for websites, we do not set or use cookies in order to serve our fonts.
What information is collected by the Adobe Fonts service for websites?
To provide the Adobe Fonts service for websites, Adobe may collect information about the fonts being served to your website. The information is used for the purposes of billing and compliance, and may include the following:
Fonts served
Web Project ID
Web Project JavaScript version (string)
Web Project type (string "configurable" or "dynamic")
Embed type (whether you are using the JavaScript or CSS embed code)
Account ID (identifies the customer the Web Project is from)
Service providing the fonts (e.g., Adobe Fonts)
Server serving the fonts (e.g., Adobe Fonts servers or Enterprise CDN)
Hostname of page loading the fonts
IP address - while the Fonts service receives IP address so that it knows where to deliver the font, it does not store it
How does the Adobe Fonts service for websites use the information it collects?
Adobe uses the information collected from websites using Adobe Fonts to provision the Adobe Fonts service and diagnose delivery or download problems. This information is also used to pay and fulfill our contracts with the font foundries whose fonts are used. We share aggregate reporting with font foundries and we may confirm to a font foundry that you have a valid license from Adobe, but we do not otherwise share your personal information with font foundries.
Home
Adobe Privacy Center
Policies
Adobe Fonts