We use cookies to enable site functionality, analytics, advertising, and personalization.
Accept All
Necessary Only
Privacy policy
iVisa Mobile App
Online global travel documents
Get
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Jump to:
01
Information We Collect
02
Information Collected From Third Parties
03
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information We Collect
04
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
05
Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising
06
Your Choices
07
Retention of the Information We Collect
08
Security
09
Consent to Transfer Information
10
Children’s Privacy
11
Links to Other Websites and Services
12
Changes to this Policy
13
Contact Us
14
Region-Specific Notices and Choices
Last Updated: April 24th, 2022
Welcome to the website of iVisa by Document Advisor Inc. (“iVisa,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose the information we collect from our websites, our travel visa and other online services (collectively with the website, the “Services”), and information we collect offline.
Before using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, please carefully review this Policy. By accessing or using any part of the Services, or otherwise providing us with information, you acknowledge the applicability of this Policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect information in different ways, such as when you provide information directly to us, when we passively collect information from you, such as through a browser or device, or from third parties.
Information You Provide Directly to Us
We may collect information from you when you provide such information directly to us, such as in the following situations:
When you contact us with inquiries;
When you respond to one of our surveys;
When you register for access to our Services, or use or purchase certain of our Services like applying for travel visas;
When you otherwise communicate with us, including through our support channels (email, online chat, or phone);
When you request certain features (e.g. newsletters, updates); or
When you otherwise provide us with information.
Information we request from you may depend on how you use our Services; for example, the type of information we request you provide to us may depend on the type of travel visa you request and local governmental requirements. The information you provide directly to us may include, but is not limited to the following about you or others:
Name
Email
Phone number
Travel details, such as arrival date, port of arrival, reason for travel
Address
Date of birth
City and country of birth
Citizenship
Gender
Passport information, such as a passport number, issue and expiration date, photo, and place of issue
Social security number
Religion
Family information, such as the names of family members
Professional details, such as occupation and employer name; and
Financial information, such as payment-related information you provide to us and/or our payment processors.
Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected
Device/Usage Information
We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices or tablets) you use to access the Services. As described further below, we may collect and analyze information such as (a) IP addresses, general location information (e.g. inferred from a IP address), unique device identifiers, IMEI and TCP/IP address, and other information about your computer or device(s), browser types, browser language, operating system, mobile device carrier information, the state or country from which you accessed the Services; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit web pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those pages, statistical information about the use of the Services, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, the frequency of your use of the Services, error logs, and other similar information. For example, we and/or our vendors may collect mouse movements and how you scroll through our website, but we do not collect keystroke data. As described further below, we may use third-party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist in collecting this information.
Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies
We may also collect data about your use of the Services through the use of Internet server logs, cookies and/or tracking pixels. A web server log is a file where website activity is stored. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv), enhance your user experience by delivering content specific to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security administrative functions. Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads and/or email, and that are designed to provide usage information like ad impressions or clicks, measure popularity of the Services and associated advertising, and to access user cookies. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
or
Apple Safari
Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Services.
Information Collected From Third Parties
We may obtain information about you from various third parties, such as social media companies or other sites. For example, you may be able to access the Services or create an account for the Services through a third-party account, such as Facebook or Google. You may also be able to “like” or post on our social media pages. If you access the Services through a third-party account or follow us on social media, you may allow us to have access to certain information in your social media profile. This may include your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, location, date of birth, email address, photos, videos, people you follow and/or who follow you, and/or your posts or “likes.” These third-party sites have their own policies for handling your information. For a description of how these sites may use and disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the sites’ privacy policies. We have no control over how any third-party site uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you.
Please note that we may combine information that we collect from you and about you (including automatically-collected information) with information we obtain about you from our affiliates and/or non-affiliated third parties, and use such combined information in accordance with this Policy.
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information We Collect
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:
For the reasons for which the information was provided:
To provide the Services
To respond to your questions and other inquiries
To monitor your use of the Services
To request your feedback
To communicate with you about transactions initiated with us
To improve the Services or develop new products and features
To contact you with advertising, surveys, or other information that may be of interest to you
To personalize the Services
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Services
To protect iVisa, our employees, or third parties; and/or
To administer and troubleshoot the services.
We may aggregate and/or de-identify information collected through the Services. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, and/or others.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information
We may disclose the information we collect in the following circumstances:
Business Transfers. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, or during negotiations or due diligence in contemplation of such an event, information we collect may be disclosed.
Related Companies. We may also share your information with our affiliates and other related companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants, and Third-Party Vendors. Like many businesses, we may engage third parties to perform certain services on our behalf. Examples of such functions include mailing information (FedEx or UPS), using visa agents to visit embassies, maintaining databases, and processing payments.
Consent. We may disclose your information to any third parties based on your consent to do so.
Legal Requirements. We may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of iVisa, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising
Online Analytics
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Services, such as those of Google Analytics. These service providers use the sort of technology previously described in the “Cookies and other electronic technologies” section to help us analyze how users use the Services, including by noting the third-party website from which you arrive, and provide certain features to you. We may use these service providers to collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate our websites. The information (including your IP address) collected by the technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate your use of the Services. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by
clicking here
If you receive email from us, we may use certain tools, such as clear GIFs to capture data such as when you open our message or click on any links or banners our email contains. This data allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our communications.
Tailored Advertising
The Services may integrate third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use. These cookies and other tracking technologies may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about your use of the Services in order to (a) inform, optimize, and serve marketing content based on past visits to our websites and other sites and (b) report how our marketing content impressions, other uses of marketing services, and interactions with these marketing impressions and marketing services are related to visits to our websites. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google Analytics) to serve tailored marketing to you and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services. We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Services by non-affiliated, third-party ad technologies, ad servers, ad networks or any other non-affiliated third parties. Those parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising as described below. You may receive tailored advertising on your computer through a web browser. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored marketing, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”)
Consumer Opt-Out Link
and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance's (“DAA”) Consumer
Opt-Out Link
to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network ads, you can visit the
Google Ads Settings page
. Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Services, you may still receive advertising content even if you opt out of tailored advertising. In that case, the advertising content will just not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links and are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAI's and DAA's websites, accessible by the above links.
Your Choices
Subject to applicable laws, you may have certain choices available regarding your information.
Account Information. You may access certain of your information and delete or modify that information by accessing and editing your account profile.
Marketing Emails. Subject to applicable laws, we may send you marketing emails. To opt out, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link in such emails. Please note that we may still send you transactional communications, such as about the status of your travel visa, even if you opt out of marketing emails.
Cookies & Analytics. You can opt out of certain cookie-related and analytics processing by following the instructions in this Policy.
Region-Specific Notices and Choices. Please visit this section for notices and choices specific to certain geographic regions.
Retention of the Information We Collect
We will retain your information for as reasonably necessary to provide the Services or until you delete or modify your information. We also reserve the right to retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Security
We have implemented administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and/or alteration of your information. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that these measures will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information since despite our efforts, no Internet and/or other electronic transmissions can be completely secure.
All transmission of data between your device and our servers are protected with 256-bit TLS encryption, and sensitive data is in encrypted at rest using AES-256.
All iVisa servers are located in data centers that are SOC1, SOC 2 and ISO 27001 certified. Our data centers have 24/7 security, fire detection and suppression, redundant power supply, and strict procedures for physical access. We maintain our computing resources with regular security updates and patches, and follow industry best practices for resource segmentation and firewall configuration.
We believe that data ownership is a fundamental human right; your data is yours, and we do not license or sell any of your information to third parties. iVisa works to comply with measures of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) and fully complies with the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act.)
Consent to Transfer Information
We currently maintain computer systems in the United States, so your personal information may be processed by us or our vendors in the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, and data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, you agree to this Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer a level of protection equivalent to that required in the European Union, United Kingdom, or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Policy.
Children’s Privacy
The Services are not designed for minors under 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information to us. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases where required by applicable law.
Links to Other Websites and Services
This Policy applies only to our Services. Our Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by iVisa (the “Third-Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third-Party Sites. Inclusion of such links does not imply our endorsement or review of the Third-Party Sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of every site they visit that collects their information.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time including to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Contact Us
You may contact us for immediate support on
WhatsApp
at +1 (904) 203-8818 or our webchat on our Contact Us page
Region-Specific Notices and Choices
Nevada Residents
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration (as such terms are defined by Nevada law). We do not engage in such activity.
Residents of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom
Under applicable law, iVisa is considered the "data controller" of the personal data we handle under this Policy. In other words, iVisa is responsible for deciding how to collect, use and disclose this data, subject to applicable law. Our contact information appears in the “Contact Us” section below.
The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Union and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you, e.g. to comply with our Terms of Service, sales agreement (e.g. for purchase of our travel visa services), or other contracts between us.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent. Where we process your personal data with your consent, you may subsequently withdraw consent at any time by contacting us (using the contact instructions below), without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for our Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations, such as applicable accounting standards and to make mandatory disclosure to law enforcement and regulatory authorities.
Laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom may permit you request that we:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your information for direct-marketing purposes; (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling);
update information that is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain information that we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your information;
transfer your information to a third-party provider of services; and
revoke your consent for the processing of your information.
Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include needing to continue processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below. For all Data Subject Rights requests made by residents of the European Economic Area or UK, you must put the statement "Your EU Data Subject Rights" in the subject field of your request, and to expedite processing, we ask that you send the request from the email address you used to create an account on the Services. Our EU representative is Sergio Merino, located in Calle Antonia Merce 8, 28009, Madrid, Spain.
In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to disclose information regarding the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information that we have collected about California consumers, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the business or commercial purposes (as those terms are defined by applicable law) for which the information was collected, and the categories of parties to whom we disclose personal information.
Throughout this Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how we share it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the "categories" of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose the “business or commercial purposes” (as those terms are defined by applicable law) for which we process that personal information.
In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy, we have collected the following categories of personal information: (1) identifiers (such as name, address, and email address); (2) commercial information (such as transaction data); (3) financial data (such as credit card and other financial account information); (4) internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address); (5) professional or employment-related information (such as occupation and employer name); (6) inference data about you; (7) physical characteristics or description (such as in a photo); (8) audio and visual information (such as when you call into customer service or visit our offices); (9) protected classifications under California or federal law (such as ethnicity); (10) sensitive personal information, as defined by the CCPA; and (11) other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Policy, we may have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information: (1) racial/ethnic origin; (2) religious beliefs; (3) Social Security number; (4) Passport number; and (5) account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account.
We or our service providers collect and disclose the above categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Policy. This includes the following business and commercial purposes (as those terms are defined in applicable law):
Provide the Services (e.g., account servicing and maintenance, order processing and fulfillment, customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about the Services);
Operational purposes (e.g. to enable and troubleshoot our Services);
Auditing consumer interactions on our site (e.g., measuring ad impressions);
Detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents and fraudulent or illegal activity;
Bug detection, error reporting, and activities to maintain the quality or safety of our Services;
Short-term, transient use, such as customizing content that we or our service providers display on the Services;
Improving our existing Services and developing new services (e.g., by conducting research to develop new products or features);
Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third-party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third-party partners;
Other uses about which we notify you.
We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Services; (3) affiliates; and (4) third parties such social media companies or other sites.
We describe our information sharing practices in the Policy above. In the previous twelve months, we may have disclosed certain categories of personal information with nonaffiliated parties such as our service providers for the business purposes described above. You may also intentionally direct us to disclose your information to local visa processing companies with whom we partner to facilitate approval of your travel visa from foreign authorities. The information we disclose to such companies may include:
Name;
Email;
Phone number;
Travel details, such as arrival date, port of arrival, reason for travel;
Address;
Date of birth;
City and country of birth;
Citizenship;
Gender;
Passport information, such as a passport number, issue and expiration date, photo, and place of issue;
Religion;
Family information, such as the names of family members;
Professional details, such as occupation and employer name; and
Financial information, such as payment-related information you provide to us and/or our payment processors..
Rights of California Consumers
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to request that we:
Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information; the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information; and the categories of personal information we “sell.”
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you.
Delete certain information we have about you.
Correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
If would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request from our Contact Us page. You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To do so, you will need to provide the information requested by us. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us.
The CCPA requires businesses that “sell” or “share” personal information to provide an opt out. As described above in the Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising section, iVisa may allow third parties to receive certain information such as cookies, IP address, device identifiers, hashed contact information, browsing behavior, and/or other activity to enable the delivery of targeted advertising to you. These activities may qualify as the “sale” of personal information or "sharing" or processing of personal information for targeted advertising, as defined by the CCPA. To opt out, please follow the directions in the section above on Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16.
The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA.
Retention of Your Personal Information. Please see the “Retention of the Information We Collect” California Shine the Light. California law permits California residents to request and obtain from iVisa once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom iVisa may have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those third parties. We do not engage in such activity.
Do-Not-Track Notice. Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
Virginia Residents
If you are a Virginia consumer (as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA)), you may have certain rights. Virginia law may permit you to request that we:
Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and provide you with access such personal information;
Correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information;
Delete your personal information;
Provide you a copy of personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another business, where our processing is carried out by automated means; and
Opt you out of the processing of the personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide the Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please submit a request from our Contact Us page. You will be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To do so, you will need to provide the information requested by us.
iVisa may use your personal information to send you targeted advertising. (as that term is defined in the VCDPA). To opt out of targeted advertising, please follow the directions in the section above on Online Analytics and Tailored Advertising.
If we deny your request to exercise any of the rights above, you may appeal that denial by using out Contact Us page form with the subject line, “Virginia Data Request Appeal” to provide us with information about why you are appealing our decision.
Close