Revolutionizing
Global Education and
Training with Spatial AI
Learn. Train. Perform.
get started!
The Power of Spatial AI
EON Reality provides an AI-powered, device-agnostic XR Platform for Education & Industry that allows easy conversion of existing curriculum or creation of new immersive, interactive learning experiences without coding.
EON-XR platform harnesses the power of Spatial AI to dramatically improve learning outcomes, increase engagement, and accelerate skill acquisition for academic and enterprise sectors.
Streamlines content development.
Enables hands-on practice in virtual real-world scenarios.
Increases student engagement through immersive simulations.
Boosts knowledge retention and skill development.
Improves student performance and comprehension.
Provides multilingual 24/7 accessibility for inclusive education.
Facilitates global collaboration with access to a vast network of 3D assets, resources, and Educational partnerships.
Learn More
Trusted by 1000s of Organisations in the World
AI Assistant
EON AI Assistant is an advanced AI program that uses Spatial AI technology to provide users with real-time guidance and support in the physical world. With a learning-capable AI brain paired with a fully interactive XR body, users can receive personalized directions and interact with digital objects. This cutting-edge technology also enables users to create persistently tracked experiences using text, voice, videos, and 3D assets.
Learn More
Download for
Free
Explore Immersive Learning with EON-XR Freemium
Unleash the potential of immersive learning with a FREE EON-XR account. Our user-friendly platform allows you to explore the power of XR (Extended Reality) regardless of your device – desktop, smartphone, or VR headset. Create engaging learning experiences in minutes with the help of our intuitive AI-guided wizard. Share your creations with colleagues and effortlessly upgrade to a full EON-XR account whenever you’re ready to unlock the platform’s complete suite of features.
Download App
Mission
We see a future where the forces of AI, IoT, AR, and VR come together to propel human-computer interaction to new levels. A world where man and machine intelligence work together for mutual benefit and technology empowers people, rather than pacifies them.
Vision
EON Reality envisions a future where everyone has access to the power of knowledge through AI-driven Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality. We are building the tools and content library to make XR-based learning accessible, affordable, and impactful for every learner on the planet. We believe knowledge is a human right, not a privilege.
More than 25 Years
in AR / VR
EON Reality is revolutionizing Knowledge Transfer with AI Autonomous Agent-driven Text to XR Conversion. We believe that knowledge is a human right and should be available, accessible, and affordable for every human on the planet.
25+
YEARS OF EXPERIENCE
More About Us
Our Recent Newsletter
EON Reality
in Numbers
Countries
0
+
Years of Experiecne
0
+
Institutions
0
+
Downloads
0
m+
Learn More
Blog & News From Us!
EON Reality Unveils Revolutionary White Paper: “Learn, Train, Perform for Future Skills, Jobs, and Income”
Learn More
EON Reality Unveils Comprehensive White Paper on XR Platform’s Transformative Impact on Education
Learn More
The Portalegre Polytechnic University in Portugal Extends Transformative Partnership with EON Reality
Learn More
Discover More
Subscribe to get latest updates from us
Subscribe Now