Open main navigation
For restaurants
For restaurants
View offers
View offers
Discover restaurants and bars with exclusive offers
Faqs
Faqs
EatClub Pay frequently asked questions
Blog
Blog
Connect with your local hospitality scene
Free to download,
get it on iOS or Android today.
Free download
Free download
For restaurants
For restaurants
Free download
Download
Home
FAQs
privacy policy
Privacy policy
EatClub Privacy Policy
EatClub is a mobile app where restaurants can post ‘last-minute’ deals for EatClub customers to claim.
The below Privacy Policy explains how
EatClub Pty Ltd ABN:67 610 093 297
(“EatClub” “We” “Our” “Us”) may collect data/information that relates to our website and app. By using our service you agree that certain content you provide may be seen/shared publicly by users of EatClub or others.
We value your privacy and are dedicated to safeguarding your personal data. We take all necessary precautions to prevent any misuse of your information and ensure its security in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Personal information we collect about you
We define personal information as any details about you that you voluntarily provide to us when visiting our websites, apps or when communicating with us through email or other channels. This information may include,
Full name
Email
Mobile number
Health information in scenarios where you voluntarily provide such information
Financial  information we collect from you
When carrying out any financial transactions on our website or app, such as purchasing products or services from us or a venue, we may gather information related to the transaction. This information may include,
Payment details like credit card or debit card number (secured by a token)
Billing information
Contact details
Identification documents (Collected in some cases for KYC AML)
We will only ever collect your Financial Information with your prior consent and we will never store such information on our servers. Any financial information which is collected to transact on our website or app is securely stored by our financial partner Stripe.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you,
Sign up to EatClub
Sign up to receive our newsletter
Redeem an exclusive offer for dine-in or takeaway
Setup your EatClub card
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways,
To allow us to better respond to your customer service requests.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services (we offer opt-out of course).
To follow up with you after correspondence (email or phone inquiries)
To update venues on walk-ins, orders and special requests
Research and development for improving the user experience on our sites or app
Help deliver tailored services to you
How do we protect your information?
EatClub does not process any transactions or store a user's sensitive payment information on its servers.
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use 'cookies'?
EatClub uses cookies only if a user allows. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. These files then enable the site’s or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information to improve your experience for future use.
EatClub uses cookies to,
Remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions (page views etc.) in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable Information to outside parties. This does not include, website hosting partners and other parties so long as they agree to keep such information confidential who assist us in,
Operating our website
Conducting our business
Serving our users
We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with,
Law enforcement
Enforce our site policies
Protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
However, if you have any concerns direct your correspondence to
hello@eatclub.com.au
.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by
Google's Advertising Principles
. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we reserve the right to do so in the future without further notification.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honour Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioural tracking?
Yes, we allow third-party behavioural tracking
Processing Data
All data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988. When you join EatClub, we ask for identifying information such as your,
Name
Email address
Contact number
Banking/payment information
Location
This information may be processed to,
Register your EatClub account
Provide partnered venues with offer details when a user redeems an exclusive offer for dine-in or takeaway
Set up a user's digital EatClub card. (EatClub Pay)
Display the best value offers from partnered venues nearest to you
Send important updates related to an EatClub experience (Unless opted out)
Send marketing and product information (Unless opted out)
EatClub shall treat Personal Data as confidential information and shall only process personal data on behalf of and in accordance with customer’s documented instructions.
EatClub shall ensure that its personnel engaged in the processing of personal data are informed of the,
Confidential nature of the personal data
Have received appropriate training on their responsibilities
Have executed written confidentiality agreements.
EatClub shall ensure that such confidentiality obligations survive the termination of the personnel engagement.
Data Deletion
Users have the right to request for their data to be deleted. If a user deletes their EatClub account, all personal data related to that account is deleted from our servers. If you would like EatClub to delete your data, please follow the steps below.
Open the menu profile by clicking the profile icon in the top left corner of the app
Open your profile
Click ‘Delete my account and personal data’ and follow the prompts to delete your data
The Australian Spam Act 2003 (Cth)
The Australian Spam Act 2003 (Cth) sets up a scheme for regulating commercial email and other types of commercial electronic messages.
If you have requested or consented to receive communications from EatClub, we may send you direct marketing communications and information about our,
Services
Opportunities
Events that we consider may be of interest to you
These communications may be sent in various forms such as,
Email
SMS
Via a phone call
Mail
In accordance with The Australian Spam Act 2003 (Cth), we agree:
Unsolicited commercial electronic messages must not be sent.
Commercial electronic messages must include information about the individual or organisation who authorised the sending of the message.
Commercial electronic messages must contain a functional unsubscribe facility.
To honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests as quickly as possible
To allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
hello@eatclub.com.au
or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. We will promptly remove you from all correspondence once we receive the instruction.
Co-founded by
Marco Pierre White
as a way for restaurants to optimise spare capacity and generate predictable revenue.