Privacy Policy KOSMOS Helper App
KOSMOS Helper App Privacy Notice
In addition to the privacy information of KOSMOS Verlag (
https://www.kosmos.de/content/kosmos-datenschutz
), the following data protection information applies specifically to the use of our app.
Contents
1. Preface and selected terms
2. Responsible body and data protection officer3. Overview
4. External hosting of additional content
5. Automatic data processing when using our app (log files)
6. Use of the Unity Gaming Services Platform
7. Use of Unity Analytics
8. Access authorizations in the device
9. Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
1. Preface and selected terms
This data protection declaration informs our app users about the processing of personal data that is collected and processed when using the app.
GDPR stands for the European General Data Protection Regulation.
BDSG is an abbreviation for the Federal Data Protection Act in its current version.
Personal data is all individual information that allows conclusions to be drawn about a natural person (for definition, see Art. 4 Para. 1 GDPR). This includes, for example, names, email addresses, telephone numbers, but also data such as IP addresses or customer numbers.
The processing of personal data includes all processes, such as the collection, storage, transmission, archiving or deletion of personal data (definition Art. 4 Para. 2 GDPR).
The data subject within the meaning of data protection law is any natural person whose personal data is processed.
Further definitions of terms can be found in the General Data Protection Regulation, which can be found in Article 4 of the GDPR (definitions).
2. Responsible body and data protection officer
Responsible for data processing
Franckh -Kosmos Verlags-GmbH & Co.
KG
Pfizerstraße 5 – 7
70184 Stuttgart
Telephone: +49711/2191-0
Email:
info@kosmos.de
Data Protection Officer
DSB External Data Protection Officer Stuttgart
Fabian Henkel
Email:
info@externer-datenschutzbeauftragter-stuttgart.de
Web:
https://www.externer-datenschutzbeauftragter-stuttgart.de
3. Overview
The following content gives you a brief overview of the processing of personal data; more detailed information can be found in the passages presented in detail.
Data that you transmit to us
We process the data that you enter yourself, for example in a form (if available at the time). In this case, the purpose of processing results from the type of your message and from this data protection declaration. Even if, for example, you send us a message by email or otherwise contact us, we process your data in accordance with the purpose of the contact.
Automatic server log files
On the other hand, our server automatically records all accesses and thus also IP addresses (log files); this serves to ward off attacks, analyze access numbers and ensure smooth operation.
Analysis tools
We use auxiliary tools that help us analyze the use of our app for optimization purposes, to gain knowledge about the intensity and amount of use and to improve the usability of the apps .
Data processors
We use processors to make the provision and operation of the app smooth and efficient; details can be found in this data protection declaration.
Transmission of personal data to a third country
We use the analysis tool Unity Analytics from the provider Unity (Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA). We have concluded a data processing agreement with Unity using EU standard contractual clauses. This tool helps us to collect pseudonymised data on app usage. You can find more information in this data protection declaration.
In addition, we try to have all service providers and services provided by providers within the European Union. A transfer to a third country is possible if you have given us your consent and/or we have concluded a contract for the processing of personal data, taking into account suitable guarantees. In individual cases, we can use plugins or tools that are hosted in third countries, but we use them on the basis of our legitimate interests. In these cases, we will point out the circumstance if necessary.
General information on deletion periods for personal data
We process the data according to the principle of necessity and purpose. You can find more information on deletion periods in the individual details of this data protection declaration.
Obligation to provide personal data
Our app can be operated without providing personal data. With the exception of meta data, including the user's IP address, information about the operating system, time and date of access. This data is essential for the operation of the app. You can find more information in this data protection declaration.
Links to offers from third parties
Websites and services from other providers to which our application links were and are designed and provided by third parties. We have no influence on the design, content and function of these third-party services. We expressly distance ourselves from all content of all linked third-party offers. Please note that third-party offers linked from our application may install cookies on your device or collect personal data. We have no influence on this. If necessary, please contact the providers of these linked third-party offers directly.
4. External hosting of additional content
Additional content that is not available immediately after installing the app and has to be downloaded is hosted by a service provider and loaded from their server. By retrieving additional content, a connection to the server of the service provider is established, and metadata required for the purpose of transmission, so-called server log files, are collected for a specific purpose. Including in particular the time and date of retrieval and the IP address of the user. This data is collected and processed in a legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR). We delete or anonymize the collected data in the form of log files after four weeks.
The legal basis for using the service provider is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) in the provision of additional content by a reliable and experienced service provider.
For this purpose, we have concluded a data processing contract with
DATAGROUP SE
Wilhelm-Schickard-Straße 7
D-72124 Pliezhausen.
Personal data is processed strictly according to our instructions.
5. Automatic data processing when using our app (log files)
In addition to the IP address, the server log usually records other metadata about the session; you can find this data below.
When you use the app, especially when downloading additional content, the data described below is collected automatically.
Date and time as well as duration of use
Type of mobile device / device version
Device identification number, such as the UDID ( unique device identifiers )
(Possibly) advertising ID, such as the Apple IDFA or the Android Ad ID;
Information on the device type and manufacturer
Information about the operating system
Operating system used
Country and language
IP address (will be anonymized)
Our interest is to enable the use of our app and to ensure its long-term technical functionality. We do not use this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you or your identity. This data is processed on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 Letter f of the GDPR to protect our legitimate interests in providing the service, ensuring technical operation and for the purpose of identifying and eliminating disruptions. Furthermore, our legitimate interest lies in ensuring the performance and availability of our offer.
We delete or anonymize the log files collected after six month.
6. Use of the Unity Gaming Services Platform
The KOSMOS explainer app was created with the app development platform Unity. Provider is Unity Technologies Inc., 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
In our app we use software modules and libraries from Unity Technologies. When using the app, personal data may be processed by Unity. This applies in particular to so-called server log files, which are required for delivery. Collected IP addresses are anonymized, these are not visible to us.
As the app provider, we have access to the aggregated data of our apps. We do not have access to individual IP addresses or device numbers. This information is anonymized directly when it is collected. This information is processed to provide the app and content. The use of Unity and the processing of the data mentioned is carried out in the legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
We have concluded a data processing agreement with Unity Technologies; processing is carried out according to our instructions. Further information about Unity Technologies' data protection can be found here:
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
7. Unity Gaming Services Analytics
We use the analysis service from Unity Gaming Service (Unity Analytics) in this app. The provider is Unity Technologies Inc., 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
With Unity Analytics we can compile statistics about the use of the app, such as the frequency of use and the frequency of viewing certain content. The statistics serve to understand and improve the use of our offer. We use the pseudonymized data collected with Unity Analytics to create anonymized statistics and reports with the aim of making our app offering more interesting and user-friendly for users and optimizing functions.
Unity Analytics collects the following data:
Date and time as well as duration of use
Device ID and device name
operating system used and version
App version used
Country (generated from the IP address) and language
Packages downloaded and features used
System crashes and similar events
Unity User ID (a unique ID assigned by Unity)
IP address (we have no access to the IP addresses collected)
In addition to the purposes already mentioned above, our goals are the following:
Measurement of active users per day and month
Measuring the increase in users
Measuring the loss of users
Measurement of active devices
Analysis of the operating systems used
Analysis of selected languages and countries
Measuring the number of downloaded packages
Measurement of number of deleted packets
Analysis of used features
Measuring tutorial usage (finished tutorials)
Measuring the useful life
Measuring the number of players
We use this data to compile statistics and anonymous user profiles that help us to better understand the use of our app and to optimize it for the needs of our users. We delete the raw data collected after 90 days. We only store completely anonymous long-term statistical data that does not allow any personal reference.
The legal basis for processing is the consent of our users (Article 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR). Consent is given or denied the first time the app is opened. If consent has been given, it can be revoked at any time with future effect; you will find a button for this at the end of this data protection declaration.
We have concluded a data processing agreement with Unity Technologies; processing is carried out according to our instructions. Further information about Unity Technologies' data protection can be found here: https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
8. Access authorizations in the device
In order to provide our services via the app, we require the access rights listed below, which enable us to access certain functions of your device. Your express consent (opt-in) is required to access this data. You can grant this if the app asks you to do so. The processing of this data is therefore based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
Access to storage
The content you select in the app is stored on your device, so the app needs access to your media storage.
Revocation of access rights
You can revoke granted access rights at any time in the settings of your device. Depending on the operating system, you can find the rights management in the settings under Apps or Permissions. You can find more detailed information in the operating instructions for your device or operating system.
9. Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation
Every natural person is entitled to certain rights, which are defined in particular in Articles 15 to 21 and 77 of the GDPR. In principle, you have the following rights, which you can demand from us.
Right to revoke your consent in accordance with Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR
You can revoke your consent to us at any time without giving reasons with effect for the future.
Right to information according to Art. 15 GDPR (restrictions possible according to Section 34 BDSG)
You have the right at any time to request information about the data you process and the purposes of the processing.
Right to rectification according to Art. 16 GDPR
If you discover that we are processing incorrect or incomplete data about you, you have the right to rectification.
Right to deletion according to Art. 17 GDPR (restrictions possible according to § 35 BDSG)
You have the right at any time to request the deletion of your personal data that we process about you. If complete deletion is not possible, for example because we have to fulfill legal retention obligations or we can assert legitimate interests for other reasons, we will restrict your data until these reasons no longer apply.
Right to restriction of processing according to Art. 18 GDPR
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. The right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:
If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to check this. For the duration of the examination, you have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
If the processing of your personal data happened/is happening unlawfully, you can request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion.
If we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted instead of being deleted.
If you have lodged an objection in accordance with Art. 21 (1) GDPR, your interests and ours must be weighed up. As long as it has not yet been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be used with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a Member State are processed.
Right to data portability according to Art. 20 GDPR
You have the right to have data that we process automatically based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the direct transfer of the data to another person responsible, this will only be done to the extent that it is technically feasible.
Right to object to certain processing operations and direct advertising in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR
If the data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. e or f GDPR, you have the right at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object to the processing of your personal data; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this data protection declaration. If you object, we will no longer process your affected personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims ( Objection according to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR).
If your personal data is processed in order to operate direct advertising, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct advertising. If you object, your personal data will then no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection according to Art. 21 Para. 2 GDPR).
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR in conjunction with In accordance with Section 19 BDSG
In the event of violations of the GDPR, those affected have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. The right to lodge a complaint is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools