Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 29, 2023
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Moodfit (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Roble Ridge Software LLC (“Company”). The Company is committed to protecting your privacy. The Application provides for the tracking of a user’s mood-related data and is not intended as a substitute for the services of a medical professional.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your email address and a password you create; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you download and use the Application and its features; (c) information you provide us if you contact us for help; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as entries you save in the Application. We may also use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions. We keep your user provided data in encrypted form on servers located in the United States.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. If we collect such information in the future we’ll request your permission to do so before collecting such information.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We do not sell your User Provided data to third parties. Only aggregated, anonymized data may be periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data until you either delete it from within the Application or request us to delete it. We will retain Automatically Collected information in perpetuity. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
hello@getmoodfit.com
.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
hello@getmoodfit.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Communications between the mobile applications and our servers takes place over secure HTTPS connections and your data is encrypted when it is stored on our servers. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our website and informing you via email or the Application itself. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
hello@getmoodfit.com
.