Fair Processing Notice (Privacy Policy)
This Fair Processing Notice (“Privacy Policy”) explains how Formula E Operations Limited (“Formula E”), the Fédération Internationale de l’Automobile (“FIA”) and their affiliates collect, use and disclose your personal information on the website.
This Privacy Policy aims to assist you in understanding how Formula E collects, uses, and safeguards the personal information you provide to Formula E and to assist you in making informed decisions when communicating with Formula E when receiving news and related content through the website.
This Privacy Policy describes the way that Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates will, subject to applicable legal requirements, adhere to all relevant federal and provincial legislative privacy requirements.
This Privacy Policy may be updated or modified from time to time to account for the introduction of new technologies, business practices, stakeholder needs or applicable laws and regulations. Your use of the website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time.
What information does Formula E collect?
By browsing Formula E’s website, Formula E does not collect any personal data from you. Personal data will only be collected by Formula E when you provide the relevant information, in the following scenarios:
If creating an account, subscribing to a newsletter/ mailing list, or registering for information about tickets, you may be asked to provide:
Your email address.
Your date of birth.
Your country of residence;
Your language of preference.
If registering to purchase tickets, you may be asked to provide the following:
Your name;
Your date of birth;
Your phone number;
Your street address;
Your email address;
Your language of preference;
Your country; and
Your payment card details.
When ordering products or services on the website, you may be asked to provide:
A credit card number or other payment-related information. All payment information is securely processed and handled by our payment partners. To place an order, some of the information you are asked to provide is required (e.g. registering an account) and some is voluntary. If you do not provide the necessary data when requested, you will not be able to complete the transaction.
Formula E may collect certain information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. Such information tells Formula E about your equipment, browsing actions, and the resources that you access and use through the services, such as your operating system and browser type. We use analytics and similar services to help us deliver a better and more personalised service.
Formula E may also collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and/or software, to administer our services, and to gather demographic information.
If you contact Formula E for customer support, Formula E may collect additional information to resolve your issue.
The website is not a site targeted to children or those under the age of 16. If you wish to buy tickets for children under the age of 16, or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, you are responsible for obtaining consent from the parents/legal guardians of each child you wish to buy tickets for.
You consent to the provision of the above data to Formula E as and when using the above services. This information will not be released to the public domain.
How Formula E collects information
Formula E will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information. Consent can be provided electronically or it can be implied where the purpose for collecting, using or disclosing your personal information would be considered obvious and you voluntarily provide personal information for that purpose. Formula E will provide you with reasonable notice and the opportunity to opt-in to having your personal information used.
Subject to certain exceptions, you can withhold your consent for Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates to use your personal information in certain ways. Your decision to withhold your consent to certain uses of personal information may restrict Formula E’s ability to provide a particular services or functionalities.
Formula E will obtain your express consent before using or disclosing your personal information for any purposes not identified in this Privacy Policy and for the use and disclosure of your personal information for specific types of transactions on the application or other forms used in connection with those transactions.
When you use the website, you may voluntarily provide Formula E with certain information (personal and/or non-personal information). If you’re using the website on your mobile device, you may also choose to provide Formula E with location data.
The website may allow you to provide Formula E with your e-mail address, location and language
preferences for communication, so that Formula E may send you information and updates in relation to the FIA Formula E Championship as well as to administer such email function.
Social Media
Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates may use social media as an extension of their presence on the web. The social media accounts of the FIA Formula E Championship are public and are not hosted on the Formula E servers.
We recommend you read the privacy policies of these third-party service providers and those of any applications you use to access them before engaging with Formula E on social media platforms. Also, by signing up to or logging in to the website using third party platforms (e.g. Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, Instagram, etc.), you may give Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates permission to access your information in such other services. By linking your account on such third-party platforms to your FIA Formula E account, this will allow Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates to obtain certain information from those accounts.
For example, the following information may be received and used by Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Policy if you choose to link your third-party account to your FIA Formula E account on the website:
Facebook: public profile, friend list, email address, birthday, interests, current city, personal description and likes.
Twitter: read tweets from your twitter timeline, see who you follow, update your profile, post tweets for you.
LinkedIn: full profile, email address, your connections (*Note: this could include work product information).
Google+: basic profile, list of people in your circles, email address, your contacts.
Instagram: access to basic information including your photos, friend lists and profile introduction.
TikTok:  access to basic information including your photos, friend lists and profile introduction.
The information obtained from those third-party services depends on your settings and privacy policies for such third-party platforms and accounts, which are not controlled by Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates and are not subject to the present Privacy Policy.
It is highly recommended that you check your privacy settings on any such third-party platforms and understand the terms of applicable third-party privacy policies before linking your accounts to the website.
From time to time, Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates may run co-sponsored promotional contests. If you provide a completed contest registration form to any of our co-sponsored content, Formula E may disclose your name, address and email address to the applicable co-sponsor. Also, activities of contest participants may be photographed, distributed and used by
Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates for promotional purposes in any medium or form and without any compensation.
Reasons for collecting, using and disclosing personal information
Some of the purposes for which Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates may collect, use and disclose your personal information on the website are:
To facilitate communication with you.
To grant you/enable you to access certain special features, services or areas of the website.
To process any of your requests for information.
To permit you to subscribe to Real Simple Syndication (“RSS”) feeds to receive updates on FIA Formula E Championship’s news, information and website.
To administer participation in contests, games, surveys and polling.
To administer the “share” function of the website to e-mail an item to a friend.
To announce and provide you with the latest offers and special event information.
To advise you of changes to the website.
To allow you to comment.
To administer research on Formula E’s audience in order to improve provision
To provide an enhanced user experience.
Formula E only processes your personal data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted under applicable law. The processing of your personal data for the purposes described is based on your explicit consent or personal data relating to you for legal, personnel, administrative and management purposes and in particular to the processing of any “sensitive personal data” as defined in the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
Formula E uses the information held about you for the following purposes:
To develop, fulfil, and execute the contract of sale for the products you have purchased and for any other contract between both parties.
To respond to your requests.
To provide you with information about Formula E’s products, which includes sending you commercial information by email or any other similar electronic means of communication (such as SMS), and by calling you. If you are a registered user, you can change your preferences for receiving commercial information by accessing the “my account” section.
If you pay for products using a credit card and/or debit card, Formula E will transmit your card data through Sage Pay Europe Limited. to the appropriate credit/debit card company. Sage Pay Europe Limited. does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. To learn how the third-party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy here:
https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy
Processing your data is also necessary for Formula E to fulfil your contract. Without the collection of your personal data, Formula E won’t be able to deliver the service you contracted.
Formula E may use your personal information to operate the features of the website and to allow you, when you choose to do so, to participate in features available only to registered users or interactive features of the website.
How Formula E shares your information
By signing up to take part in programs or initiatives that Formula E may initiate, or to receive online and/or email communications, Formula E may use the information that you provide to maintain appropriate databases and otherwise to operate and facilitate any such programs, initiatives and communications.
Different types of information are shared differently by our Ticketing Partner:
Personally Identifiable Information: Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on Formula E’s website, such as customer reviews, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on Formula E’s website, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of Formula E’s website, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Formula E may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain Formula E partner product. Such results consist solely of non-personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
Instances Where We Are Required to Share Your Information: Your information will only be disclosed where required to do so by law, if subject to subpoena or other legal proceeding or if it is reasonably believed that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce Formula E’s Terms of Service or to protect the security or integrity of Formula E’s Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Formula E’s users or others.
The processing of your personal data like your IP address, name, surname etc. that Formula E collect to make the payment available, verify your identity, to ensure the security of Formula E’s website etc. is based on the legitimate interests of Formula E. Indeed, to manage your account and provide you with the service you demand, Formula E have to collect personal data including name, surname, email address, address, connection data, etc.
Where Formula E stores your personal data
By submitting your personal data, you agree to the transfer, storing and processing of your data outside of the country where you reside. Formula E will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
If you have any concern about providing information to Formula E or having such information used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you should not visit Formula E’s website or otherwise use Formula E’s services.
The data that Formula E collects from you may be transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for processing by third-party service providers contracted by Formula E. If you submit personal information, you specifically consent by doing so, to such transfer, storing or processing. Formula E shall take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In certain circumstances, Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates may disclose your personal information if reasonably believed that they are required to do so in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, by court order, or any competent governmental, statutory or public authority or to protect their rights and property. Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates may also co-operate with law-enforcement agencies in any official investigation, and may disclose your personal information to such agencies in doing so.
Anti-Spam Legislation
Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates are committed to meet the requirements of the
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
and the UK GDPR , including through any commercial electronic messages sent by Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates to you. You may “unsubscribe” from receiving any such applicable communications from Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates at any time and your electronic address will be removed from their databases.
Personal information of Children
Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates are highly committed to protecting the online privacy of children in all countries. Children under a certain age are not permitted to submit their personal information to Formula E or sign up to Formula E’s mailing lists or competitions. The minimum age is 13 years for all countries, with the following exceptions:
Austria-14;
Finland- 15;
France- 16;
Germany- 16;
Hungary- 16;
Lithuania- 16;
Luxembourg- 16;
Netherlands- 16;
Slovakia- 16.
How Formula E uses certain technologies on its website
The website uses cookie technology to make your use of the website more convenient. A cookie is a text file which enables the website to store any information about your activities on the website, for instance the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent on the website, and the websites visited just before and just after Formula E’s website. Personal information about your visits to the website is used on an aggregate basis, which means it is used for statistical purposes to assist Formula E in enhancing your online experience, or to evaluate the materials that Formula E may carry on the website. Cookies may also be used to monitor polling results. The cookies will monitor results to discourage voting twice in one poll. This will give Formula E the ability to properly count activity reports and polling results. In addition, the cookie will store your e-mail address, which is your unique identifier, so that on return visits the website will be able to match you to your identity in the database. This is an opt-in feature which will only be made operational if you choose to do so. If you choose to disable cookies associated with the website, this may affect your use of the website and your ability to access certain features of the website.
Web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”), which are small strings of code that are placed in a web page or in an email message, which may be used in conjunction with cookies to track activity on the website. As they are used in combination with cookies, if you disable cookies the web beacons will only detect an anonymous website visit
The website may also use services to advertise on third party websites to previous visitors to our site (for example Google AdWords, Facebook Conversion Pixel and Twitter remarketing).
Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the wesbite. In such case, any data collected by Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and for those other platforms, through their respective privacy policies.
Links to other sites
The website may contain links to other websites which are not operated by Formula E, the FIA or their affiliates. Formula E has no responsibility or liability for, or control over those websites, or internet resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Formula E recommends you refer to the privacy policy and terms of use contained in any linked site you choose to visit, and familiarise yourself with that website’s terms and conditions of use.
How long will your personal information be retained for?
For Formula E to be able to provide services to you, Formula E stores information about you (including delivery address and other details you provide when you create an account) as long as you are an active customer and keep your account open.
Formula E will retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the identified purposes or a legal or business purpose in accordance with this Privacy Policy or under the UK GDPR, Formula E may, instead of destroying or erasing your personal information, make it anonymous such that it cannot be associated with or tracked back to you. In most cases your data will be deleted 6 years after your last correspondence with Formula E.
How Formula E ensures accuracy of your personal information
Formula E will make every reasonable effort to ensure that your personal information is accurate and complete. You may request a correction to your personal information in order to ensure its accuracy and completeness. Please send a request to: dataprotection@fiaformulae.com and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal information and the correction being sought.
If such personal information is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete, Formula E will correct the information as required and send the corrected information to any third party which Formula E may have disclosed the personal information to previously in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How Formula E protects your personal information
Formula E, the FIA and, their service providers and their affiliates endeavour to maintain appropriate procedural and technological measures and storage facilities to prevent any unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information.
Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates are taking commercially reasonable efforts to protect any personal information that is provided to it through the website. They cannot, however, guarantee the security of any personal information provided to them in an email or in online form while it is being transmitted, as the internet is a potentially non-secure method of information transfer. Any such transmission is at your own risk.
How you can access or correct your personal information
If you have any questions about the collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information by Formula E, the FIA and their affiliates or through this website, or if you simply want to know whether we have any of your personal information on file, or if you want to access information we have collected, please email:
dataprotection@fiaformulae.com
and we will respond to your requests for access in accordance with this Privacy Policy and under the UK GDPR.
In the event that access is refused, reasons for our refusal will be provided upon your request. For example, your request could be refused because it may include information about other individuals, information that cannot be disclosed for legal, security, or commercial proprietary reasons, and information that is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege.
How to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information
You may withdraw at any time your consent to our use and disclosure of certain personal information by notifying us by email at:
dataprotection@fiaformulae.com
.
Please note that your withdrawal request may take up to 30 days to implement. Also note that withdrawing your consent may preclude Formula E from providing you with certain information or may prevent your use of certain features and functionalities of the website.
Other legal rights
Data protection legislation also provides you with certain other rights.
These are not always absolute rights and must be considered in the wider scope of the legislation.
These rights include:
The right to erasure, also known as the right to be forgotten. The broad principle underpinning this right is to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. In some circumstances this is not an absolute right.
The right to restrict processing. You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of personal data. This is not an absolute right and will depend on the circumstances and any other legal/statutory obligations Formula E may have.
The right to data portability.
The right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling).
The rights related to automated decision-making including profiling.
Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our collection, use and disclosure of your personal or about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following email address:
dataprotection@fiaformulae.com
If you’re unhappy with our response or if you need any further advice you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO): gov.uk/data-protection/make-a-complaint or ico.org.uk
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Americas
United States
English
Canada
English
Français
Puerto Rico
Español
Europe
Denmark
Dansk
Germany
Deutsch
Ireland
English
Norway
English
Norsk
Poland
Polski
Sweden
Svenska
United Kingdom
English
Spain
Español
Americas
United States
English
Canada
English
Français
Puerto Rico
Español
Europe
Denmark
Dansk
Germany
Deutsch
Ireland
English
Norway
English
Norsk
Poland
Polski
Sweden
Svenska
United Kingdom
English
Spain
Español
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Last Changes to Privacy Policy: November 2024
At U.S. Bank Europe, trust is the foundation of our relationship with customers.  We understand your desire for privacy, and we recognize that you trust us with your personal and financial information.  This Privacy Policy is designed to describe our privacy practices and principles in a format that is easy to navigate, read and understand.  We are dedicated to treating your Personal Information with care and respect.
Online Privacy Policy
U.S. Bank Europe DAC (“
U.S. Bank Europe
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
“) has established this Privacy Policy to let you know the kinds of information we may gather on U.S. Bank Europe websites and any applications where this Privacy Policy is posted (“
Site
” or “
Sites
”), how and why we gather the information, what we use the information for, when we might disclose the information, and what rights you have in relation to your Personal Information. Click on the links below to learn more:
What information about me is collected
How we collect information
Our use of Cookies
How do we use your information
What happens if you do not provide the Personal Information that we request
Who do we share your information with
What steps do we take to keep Personal Information secure
For how long we keep your Personal Information
Transferring information globally
Your legal rights
Contact Us
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered by the Sites and any
Personal Information
we receive about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, in connection with an application you submit for Services.   You might find external links to third party websites on our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of any third party site, including sites which may be linked to from our Site(s) or any third party sites which link to our Site(s). This Privacy Policy does not apply to your relationship with your customers, your financial service providers or with your other vendors. We recommend that you read their privacy notices and contact them directly if you have any concerns regarding their use of your Personal Information.
If you or the entity you are authorised to represent (collectively, “you” or “your”) have previously entered into a services agreement with U.S. Bank Europe that governs the provision of transaction processing services (“Services Agreement”), this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with that Services Agreement. In the event this Privacy Policy conflicts with the terms of any Services Agreement or other agreement with us in relation to our use of any of your Personal Information, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall take precedence.
By using the Site, you acknowledge your awareness that we process your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with how we process your Personal Information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice.
1. What information about me is collected
The information we collect about you falls into two categories – information you provide to us and information that is automatically collected about you when you use one of our Sites. This information includes Personal Information or Other information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual.  The Personal Information you will be required to provide when you communicate with us through our Sites will typically include:
Your name;
postal address,
email address,
device information about your device you use to access the Site,
home and mobile telephone number; and any other Personal Information you provide to us with when you contact us.
Other Information means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual or business.  You could provide Other Information or it could be collected automatically.  Examples may include information about your internet browser, demographic data such as city and state, usage information about your use of the Site, additional traffic data such as time and date of access, software crash reports, session identification numbers and access time, and other information regarding your use of the Site.
2. How we collect information
We collect information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly.  For example, we may obtain information when you request products or services from us, respond to surveys, contact customer support or otherwise interact with us via a Site, or via any of our social media channels.
In addition, when you interact with our Sites, we may collect information through technology, such as cookies. See the
Our use of Cookies section
below for more detail.
3. Our use of cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using. For further information about how we use cookies please see our
Cookie Policy
.
4. How do we use your information
We use the information we collect to help us personalise and continually improve your experience on the Site.  We may also use that information in the following ways:
Respond to queries you raised on our Sites
Evaluate your application for Services
Support our legal compliance obligations
Communicate with you about changes to our policies
Send you newsletters, offers and promotions for our services, third party products and services, or special events by e-mail, text, or another medium, at all times in compliance with your preferences
Administer promotions and surveys
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the Site
We will only collect, use and share your Personal Information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
our use of your Personal Information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organisation, for example to contact you when you submit a query or complaint on our website; to offer you other products and services and sell to you products and services offered by us, our affiliates or third parties; to follow up with you and investigate your query or complaint (as applicable), administer promotions and surveys, make improvements to our products and services, undertake market research into the users of our Sites, and to detect fraud and other illegal activity. In these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in the Your Legal Rights section below;
our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have.
5. What happens if you do not provide the personal information that we request
We need some of your Personal Information in order to contact you and follow up with you in respect of the query or complaint you have submitted on our website. For example, we need to know your personal contact details to identify you and contact you.
Where information is needed for these purposes, if you do not provide it we will not be able to contact you and follow up with you in respect of the query or complaint you have submitted on our website. We explain when this is the case at the point where we collect information from you.
6. Who do we share your information with
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose Personal Information collected through the Site to any companies not part of U.S. Bank Europe or its parent (including its subsidiaries), subsidiaries or any other related entities.  Although, as disclosed below, we may provide some Personal Information to certain business partners, co-marketers and other third parties, in no event will we sell or rent your Personal Information as part of a customer list or similar transaction.
SERVICE PROVIDERS.  We may share Personal and Other Information with agents, subsidiaries, affiliates (certain of our services are provided to you by our affiliates), partners and other third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting, billing, content management tools, analytics, customer service, fraud protection, etc.  These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that Personal Information.  The Service Providers are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services.
BUSINESS PARTNERS.  We provide products and services to customers through a number of affiliated banks and companies.  We may share your Personal Information with our business partners or other third parties that enable us to serve your processing needs.  We may contact our existing customers by mail, telephone, or email to offer additional products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  Although our treatment of your Personal Information is governed by this Privacy Policy, the business partner or third party’s treatment of your Personal Information will be governed by the business partner or third party’s privacy policy. You have the right to withdraw to any such promotional activity at any time as described in the Your Legal Rights section below.
REGULATORY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT PURPOSES.  We may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Site; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Site or our users, or (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Site or the public.
BUSINESS PURCHASERS. We may change our ownership or corporate organisation while providing the Site and services or sell certain assets associated with the Site. As a result, please be aware that in such event and to the extent permitted by law we may transfer some or all of your information to a company acquiring all or part of our assets or to another company with which we have merged.
SHARING OTHER INFORMATION.  To the extent permitted under applicable local laws, we may disclose or share Other Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any other manner that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we may disclose Other Information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Site and who our users are so we can improve the Site.
7. What steps do we take to keep personal information secure
The security of your information is important to us.  information collected by the Site is stored in operating environments that are not available to the public.  We therefore restrict access to your information to those of our employees who need to know that information to provide products and services to you. We have established physical, technical and administrative security processes that are commensurate with the sensitivity of the information collected to safeguard Personal Information. We have routine internal and external oversight practices in place to assess and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your information.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose your Personal Information to you. In certain telephone and in person transactions we may ask for your account number or other information to verify your identity before conducting the transactions you have requested.
Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your Personal Information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  We review our security procedures to consider appropriate technology and methods to secure information.
8. For how long de we keep personal information
As a general rule, U.S. Bank Europe will not keep your information for longer than is necessary.
If you submit a query and you are a merchant of ours, we will keep your information for as long as we have a contract with you and for as long as we need your information for regulatory or evidential purposes after expiry or termination of your contract.
If you submit a query or complaint on our website, we will keep your Personal Information while we progress your query or complaint. For non-customers, this information will not be retained for longer than necessary and not for a period longer than 12 months.  For retention practices in relation to Cookie’s please refer to the
Cookie Policy
.
However, where we have statutory obligations to keep Personal Information for a longer period or where we may need your Personal Information for a longer period in case of a legal claim, then the retention period may be longer. For more information on retention please Contact Us using the details below.
9. Transferring information
U.S. Bank Europe operates on a global basis. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred and stored in countries outside the United Kingdom and European Economic Area that are subject to different standards of data protection. We will take appropriate steps ensure that transfers of Personal Information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests and transfers are limited to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. To this end:
we ensure where we transfer your Personal Information outside U.S. Bank Europe or to third parties who help provide our products and services, we obtain contractual commitments from them to protect your Personal Information, in particular through standard data protection model clauses adopted by the European Commission and appropriate transfer mechanism adopted under United Kingdom law (if applicable); or
where we receive requests for information from law enforcement or regulators, we carefully validate these requests before any Personal Information are disclosed.
You have a right to Contact Us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place (including a copy of relevant contractual commitments) to ensure the adequate protection of your Personal Information when this is transferred as mentioned above.
10. Your legal rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have the following rights under data protection legislation:
a right to ask for a copy of your Personal Information;
a right to ask us to delete or correct any Personal Information we hold about you that is inaccurate;
a right to request erasure of your Personal Information in certain circumstances;
a right to data portability (this is a right to ask for your Personal Information in a commonly used electronic format where such Personal Information has been provided by you and the legal basis for processing that information is consent or contractual necessity);
a right to restrict processing and a right to object to processing activities in certain circumstances;
a right to stop your Personal Information from being used for direct marketing purposes; and
a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner (or other competent supervisory authority in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom) if you believe that your Personal Information has not been processed in accordance with the requirements of the data protection legislation.
Where any processing is based on consent you have a right to withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the Personal Information requested to you. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.
We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
11. Contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this Privacy Policy and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us using the contact details below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and will make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
Address: Data Protection Officer, U.S. Bank Europe DAC, Block F1, Cherrywood Business Park, Dublin 18, D18 W2X7, Ireland.
Email:
EUDataProtection@elavon.com
or
queries@elavon.com
Cookies on www.elavon.co.uk
Tell us whether you accept cookies.
We use cookies to collect information about how you use www.elavon.co.uk. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.
Accept all cookies
Manage settings
Decline
Thanks for setting your cookie preferences.
You can change your
cookie settings
any time.
Manage settings
Hide
Cookie Preferences Centre
Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website. We use cookies to store information about how you use the Elavon website, such as the pages you visit. We and our partners use technologies such as cookies on our site to enhance your user experience, personalise content and advertisements, and analyse our traffic. Click below to consent to the use of this technology on our site. For further details or to change your consent choices at any time, see our
Cookie Policy.
Allow all cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always active
Essential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for further information.
Cookie Details
Performance/Analytics Cookies
Off
Performance cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage (for example, which of our pages are most frequently visited).
Cookie Details
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
Off
These cookies and similar technologies gather information about your browsing habits. They remember that you've visited a website and share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers and platforms on which we advertise. They do this in order to provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. These cookies and similar technologies gather information about your browsing habits. They remember that you've visited a website and share this information with other organisations, such as advertisers and platforms on which we advertise. They do this in order to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookie Details
Third-Party Cookies
Off
These cookies are stored under a different domain than www.elavon.co.uk. They are mostly used to track you between websites and display more relevant advertisements between websites.
Cookie Details
Save and Close
Find out more about cookies on
https://www.allaboutcookies.org
Your Order
Monthly fee
Continue to application
Qty:
X
Delete Product
Monthly fee
Continue to application
Sub-policy 1
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy_and_Electronic_Communications_(EC_Directive)_Regulations_2003:
Jump to content
Photograph your local culture, help Wikipedia and win!
(Top)
1
References
2
External links
Article
Talk
English
Read
Edit
View history
Tools
Actions
Read
Edit
View history
General
What links here
Related changes
Upload file
Permanent link
Page information
Cite this page
Get shortened URL
Download QR code
Add interlanguage links
Print/export
Download as PDF
Printable version
In other projects
Wikisource
Wikidata item
Text
Small
Standard
Large
This page always uses small font size
Width
Standard
Wide
The content is as wide as possible for your browser window.
Color
(beta)
Automatic
Light
Dark
This page is always in light mode.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
United Kingdom legislation
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
Parliament of the United Kingdom
Citation
SI 2003
/2426
Introduced by
Stephen Timms
(
Commons
)
Made
18 September 2003
Laid before Parliament
18 September 2003
Commencement
11 December 2003
Amends
Telecommunications (Lawful Business Practice) (Interception of Communications) Regulations 2000
Electronic Communications (Universal Service) Order 2003
Repeals/revokes
Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999
Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) (Amendment) Regulations 2000
Made under
European Communities Act 1972
Transposes
ePrivacy Directive
The
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
is a law in the
United Kingdom
which made it unlawful to, amongst other things, transmit an automated recorded message for
direct marketing
purposes via a telephone, without prior consent of the subscriber. The law implements an
EU directive
, the
Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive 2002
.
[
1
]
One of the key tenets of this legislation upholds that it is unlawful to send someone direct marketing if they have not specifically granted permission (via an opt-in agreement) in the absence of a previous relationship between the parties. Organisations cannot merely add people's details to their marketing database and offer an opt out after they have started sending direct marketing. For this reason the regulations offer increased
consumer protection
from direct marketing.
[
1
]
The regulations can be enforced against an offending company or individual anywhere in the
European Union
. The
Information Commissioner's Office
has responsibility for the enforcement of
unsolicited e-mails
and considers complaints about breaches. A breach of an enforcement notice is a criminal offence subject to a fine of up to £500,000 depending on the circumstances.
[
1
]
References
[
edit
]
^
Jump up to:
a
b
c
"What are PECR?"
.
ico.org.uk
. 9 January 2019
. Retrieved
5 July
2019
.
External links
[
edit
]
The full text of
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
at Wikisource
The Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
This article relating to
law in the United Kingdom
, or its constituent jurisdictions, is a
stub
. You can help Wikipedia by
expanding it
.
v
t
e
Categories
:
History of telecommunications in the United Kingdom
Statutory instruments of the United Kingdom
2003 in British law
United Kingdom privacy law
United Kingdom law stubs
Hidden categories:
Use dmy dates from April 2022
Articles with short description
Short description is different from Wikidata
All stub articles