Things you should know
Focus sends data to Mozilla to:
Improve performance and stability for our users everywhere
Technical Data
: We may receive basic information about your device and Focus, such as what version you have installed, your operating system, basic information about crashes and errors, and your system timezone and locale.
Interaction Data
: We receive information about how often you use Focus and interact with certain features or prompts. This includes information such as when you start a new browsing session, how often you use search or launch an external browser from Focus, and which features in the Settings screen are enabled.
Read the telemetry documentation for Android
here
and
here
, and iOS
here
.
Measure and support our marketing
Campaign Data and Referral Data
: On Android, this helps Firefox Focus understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. Focus may use “Referral Data” such as the website domain or advertising campaign that referred you to download and install Focus. This data is kept by
Adjust
, our analytics vendor, and provided when you start Focus, and also includes a Google advertising ID, timestamp, country, locale, operating system, and app version. Mozilla does not receive this data for Klar. Read the
documentation
.
Support Search
You can perform searches directly in the Awesome Bar. Mozilla does not receive your search queries. We do receive data about how you engage with search in Firefox Focus and the number of searches you request from our search partners. Query data is sent to your default search provider, which has its own privacy policy.
Search suggestions
: If enabled, Firefox Focus sends search queries to your search provider to help you discover common phrases other people have searched for and improve your search experience. These data will not be sent if your selected search provider does not support search suggestions.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/privacy/:
Help us improve your Mozilla experience
In addition to Cookies necessary for this site to function, we’d like your permission to set some additional Cookies to better understand your browsing needs and improve your experience. Rest assured — we value your privacy.
Accept All Additional Cookies
Reject All Additional Cookies
Cookie settings
Menu
Firefox browsers
Close Firefox browsers menu
Firefox for Desktop
Firefox for iOS
Firefox for Android
Firefox Focus
Firefox blog
Products
Close Products menu
Mozilla VPN
Mozilla Monitor
Firefox Relay
Pocket
MDN Plus
Fakespot
Thunderbird
All products
About us
Close About us menu
Our Mission
About Mozilla
The Mozilla Manifesto
Get Involved
Innovation Projects
Blog
Our Work
Mozilla Foundation
Mozilla.ai
Mozilla Ventures
Mozilla Advertising
Mozilla Builders
What do we mean by "personal information?"
For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details.
Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information."
If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information.
How do we learn information about you?
We learn information about you when:
you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports);
we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if it is up to date);
someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); or
when we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services).
What do we do with your information once we have it?
When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you've given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you.
For users in the EU, EEA, Switzerland, and California: see
here
for more information.
When do we share your information with others?
When we have asked and received your permission to share it.
For processing or providing products and services to you, but only if those entities receiving your information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways that are approved by Mozilla.
When we are fulfilling our
mission of being open
. We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web, but when we do so, we will remove your personal information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified.
When the law requires it. We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit. We'll notify you when we're asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we're legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we'll only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's request to disclose your information.
When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else. We will only share your information in this way if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Mozilla or the public.
If our organizational structure or status changes (if we undergo a restructuring, are acquired, or go bankrupt) we may pass your information to a successor or affiliate.
How do we store and protect your personal information?
We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer.
What if we change this privacy policy or any of our privacy notices?
We may need to change this policy and our notices.  The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through Mozilla's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page.
Menu
Mozilla Privacy
Mozilla Privacy
Mozilla Websites, Communications & Cookies
Mozilla Accounts
Mozilla Subscription Services
Firefox Browser
Firefox Focus
Thunderbird
MDN Plus
Data Privacy Principles
Mozilla’s
Data Privacy Principles
inspire our practices that respect and protect people who use the internet. Learn how these principles shape Firefox and all of our products in this
FAQ
Transparency Report
As an open source project, transparency and openness are an essential part of Mozilla’s founding principles. Our codebases are open and auditable. Our development work is open. Our bi-annual
Transparency Report
also demonstrates our commitment to these principles.
Get Involved
To review and comment on proposed changes to our privacy policies,
subscribe to Mozilla’s governance group
.
Read more about our ongoing privacy and security public policy work on
Mozilla’s Open Policy and Advocacy Blog
.
Outdated Policies