Mission
Fostering high-quality, equitable care, transformative research, and innovative education to improve the lives of patients with blood and bone marrow disorders.
ASH Annual Reports
Each year, ASH makes strides to advance the field of hematology. Explore each year's highlights and milestones by viewing the Annual Reports page.
Structure and Governance
Learn about ASH’s governing committees, bylaws, and conflict-of-interest policy.
Careers at ASH
Explore all open positions at ASH and find a career opportunity that matches your interests and aspirations.
History of ASH
Learn about ASH’s rich history and its role in developing the field of hematology over the last six decades.
Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Learn more about ASH's long-standing commitment to combating inequities in hematology, supporting scientists and clinicians from backgrounds underrepresented in medicine, and embracing diverse voices across the patient and health care communities.
Corporate Support
Discover opportunities to support ASH initiatives, including meetings and awards.
Contact Us
Let us help with any questions you might have. Contact our helpful customer service team today.
ASH W-9 Form
History of ASH
In April 1958, the first official meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) was held in Atlantic City, New Jersey, where more than 300 hematologists gathered to discuss clinical and research matters related to blood and blood diseases. Since that initial meeting, ASH has played an active and important role in the development of hematology as a discipline.
For more than six decades, ASH has sponsored its annual meeting, the premier education and scientific event in the field of hematology, and has published the journal
Blood
, the most cited peer-reviewed publication in the field.
History of ASH
The history of the Society and the development of hematology as a profession, past presidents, and historical documents.
Past Presidents
A listing of some of the influential individuals who have made an impact on the Society over the years - ASH presidents from 1959 to present
Explore the Rich History of ASH and Hematology
Did you know the American Society of Hematology was once called the “Blood Club?” Learn more about the rich history of ASH and the field of hematology in this documentary, created in honor of the Society’s 50th anniversary.
ASH Oral Histories
A series of interviews documenting the history of the Society and the development of hematology as a profession
Historical Documents
Documents that provide additional insight into the history of ASH and its journal
Blood
Hematology Legends
Notable leaders who have been instrumental in the development of ASH and who have greatly advanced the field.
Many hematologists have been instrumental in the development of ASH and have greatly advanced the field through their numerous contributions. Meet some of these notable leaders profiled as part of ASH's 50th anniversary in 2008 by following the links below to read their profiles and hear their insights about the field and the development of ASH.
Dirk van Bekkum, MD
Ernest Beutler, MD
William Castle
Barry Coller, MD
Lockard Conley
Eugene Cronkite, MD
William Dameshek, MD
Earl Davie, MD, PhD
Louis Diamond, MD
Volker Diehl, MD
Clement Finch, MD
Eliane Gluckman, MD, PhD
Norman Iscove, MD, PhD
Leon Jacobson, MD
James Jandl, MD
Yuet Kan, MD
Robert Kyle, MD
Kenneth Mann, PhD
Pier Mannucci, MD
Aaron Marcus , MD
Donald Metcalf, MD
William Moloney, MD
David Nathan, MD
Stuart Orkin, MD
Helen Ranney, MD
Joseph Ross, MD
Janet Rowley, MD
Wayne Rundles, MD
Evan Sadler, MD, PhD
Robert Schilling, MD
Donnall Thomas, MD
James Tullis, MD
Ralph Wallerstein, MD
William Williams, MD
Maxwell Wintrobe, MD
50 Years in Hematology
Explore content reflecting on the history of ASH and the progress that has been made in the field in the last five decades.
In 2008, ASH celebrated its 50th anniversary and used this historical milestone to reflect on the progress that has been made in the field. Explore the content below to learn more about the history of ASH and important hematologic advances made in the last five decades.
ASH: a success at age 50
The late Dr. Ernest R. Jaffé (1983 ASH president) and Dr. Kenneth A. Kaushansky (2008 ASH president) discuss the origins of the Society and it's journal,
Blood
.
ASH 50th Anniversary Reviews
Read historical reviews, published in Blood, about significant advances made in the field.
50 Years of Society Growth
Watch this short video to learn more about the rich history of the Society and the field of hematology.
Click to download PDF
50 Years in Hematology: Research That Revolutionized Patient Care
ASH developed a brochure in 2008 that highlights the top advances made in hematology during the last half century. Read our
50 Years in Hematology
brochure or
download the PDF
.
ADVOCACY
RESEARCH
NEWSROOM
MEETINGS