Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is https://www.worldheritage.app, our iPhone and iPad application is World Heritage – UNESCO List (
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/world-heritage-unesco-list/id1056312221
) and our Android application is World Heritage – UNESCO List (
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appworldheritage.worldheritage
).
Contact forms
When you fill out a contact form on worldheritage.app we only collect the information you enter into the contact form, including your name and email address. That information is sent to us via email, hosted by OVH (2 rue Kellermann – 59100 ROUBAIX – France).  We only retain that information —including your email address— for as long as necessary to address your purpose in contacting us.
Email addresses provided in contact forms are not ever used by worldheritage.app for any purpose other than to reply to you in regards to your reason for contacting us.  We never sell information from contact forms to any third parties for any purpose.
Email
When you send an email directly, via your email client on device (using the link inside the World Heritage app or using the email address), we retain the information you have provided, including email address and name, for as long as necessary to contact you.
Cookies
This website uses cookies which are small text files placed on your computer or mobile device to help our website provide a better user experience.
The worldheritage.app site uses the following cookies:
Google Analytics cookies – these are set for monitoring and tracking visitors behavior on the site.
WordFence cookies – these are used by WordFence for the security of this site. For more information,
click here
.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Worldheritage.app collects website usage data via the Google Analytics service. Using a cookie, website visitor usage statistics are used to improve the website by doing things such as identifying popular content or learning how users find the site and interact with it. Users can opt out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
The World Heritage app collects app usage data to improve the app by identifying popular content or learning how users interact with it:
Google Analytics (see
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
)
Data from the iOS World Heritage app
Apart form the analytics for the World Heritage app, no data is collected on our side but when iCloud is activated for the app, the lists of visited and wished sites/locations are stored in your private Apple iCloud data storage. The main purpose of this is to backup your data in case of device change or to share your data between devices. We don’t store this data on our side.
Data from the Android World Heritage app
Apart form the analytics for the World Heritage app, no data is collected on our side but when Data backup is activated for the app, the lists of visited and wished sites/locations are stored in your private Google Drive storage. The main purpose of this is to backup your data in case of device change.
Location services
The World Heritage app uses location services to locate you on the maps or to find World Heritage sites and locations around you. We do not share nor collect your location.
Who we share your data with
Your personal data is not shared with any third party.
How long we retain your data
When you contact us using the contact form or using the e-mail address, we retain your data indefinitely.
What rights you have over your data
If you want us to delete personal data we have about you, you can contact us using the
Contact page
. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where your data is sent
The information provided in the contact form is sent to our email, hosted by OVH.
For the iOS app, your app data is sent to your private Apple iCloud storage.
For the Android app, your backup data can be sent to your private Google Drive storage.