Last Updated: June 15, 2023
ANINO PTE. LTD. (ANINO) PRIVACY POLICY
Anino Pte. Ltd. (“Anino”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Anino manages, collects, stores, and uses the information you provide in connection with any Anino game or application (“Service”). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by Anino through your use of a Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Anino may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Anino encourages you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Anino ‘s primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to enjoy the Service.
When you install any of the Services, Anino may collect and record the information you provide to Anino, whether through the Services or through social networks or other third-party services (“Account Information”).
AD SERVING TECHNOLOGY
Anino may employ third-party ad-serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad-serving through Services.
Anino or third parties operating the ad-serving technology may collect your device’s type, IP address, MAC address or other device ID, browser type, language, operating system, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, generalized geographic location, and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service and in-game information.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS
Anino works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information. Please note that while using such products or services, you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Anino and we do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies. You recognize and agree that Anino is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Personal Information
“Personal information” means information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. The personal information types collected in accordance with a Service may vary depending on the activity and may include:
(1) Your name;
(2)Your social network or third-party service user identification number;
(3) Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);
(4) Transaction identifiers for purchases;
(5) Your email address;
(6) Your profile picture; or
(7) Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Additionally, Anino may acquire information from you through:
(1) Your access and participation in message boards on a Service;
(2) The contents of your Customer Support requests; or
(3) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third-party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, Anino does not have access to your credit card details or billing information.
Non-Personal Information
“Non-personal information” is information that, when taken alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Anino may collect non-personal information about your use of its Service both in the course of gameplay and software usage. Anino may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself which may include but is not limited to:
(1) Your age or date of birth;
(2) Your gender;
(3) Information about the hardware you may own;
(4) Your favorite websites, friend information, and fan pages; or
(5) Any other information included in your application, social network, or other online profile.
If non-Personal Information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, Anino may combine your non-personal information with your personal information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, and to analyze how its Services are used. The Service may also record gameplay information such as your game session duration or your high scores.
In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public and are in your sole discretion.
Other information Anino may collect includes your occupation, language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where a Service is used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity so that Anino can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising. Anino may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that Anino may use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.
ANALYTICS
At Anino we use your information to perform analytics. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving products and services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. Anino may also use third-party Advertisers to develop and analyze the use of the Services (for more information about mentioned third parties, please see section 3 above).
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
How Anino Uses Your Information
Anino uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, and purchase orders and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In addition, the personal information you provide will allow Anino to send you messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests, and events of interest. You may also later opt out of certain of these communications. You may opt out of all communications from Anino by sending an e-mail to: info@anino.co.
Anino may also use personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure the proper functioning of its products and services as well as to help improve Services and their content. In addition, Anino may combine non-personal information with personal information, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, and tailor its offerings, web pages or gameplay experience to you.
By use of friend finder tools whether directly through the Service or through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends list will be subject to this privacy policy.
If you choose to use a referral service to “tell a friend” about a Service, Anino may ask you for your friend’s name and email address. Anino will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Service. Anino stores your friend’s name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. Anino does not keep or use this information for any other purpose.
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, Anino may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon you granting Anino permission to collect, use, store, transmit and display publicly statistical data, such as your scores, rankings, and achievements, generated through your participation.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service and for any other purpose stated herein. Anino will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Anino no longer use your information contact Anino at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where Anino is legally required to retain your information.
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Service through a social network, mobile device, or other third-party platform or service or by connecting to such a third-party network, platform, or service via a Service, you are authorizing Anino to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed on the social network, mobile device or another third party platform could provide to Anino through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network, mobile device or platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third-party network, platform, or service via the Service, and/or when you connect with a Service, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) a Service to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service.
Anino may also collect or receive information about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Anino and used primarily to help you and your friends connect.
Third-Party Service Providers
Anino may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, and improvement of the Services), or to assist Anino in analyzing how its Services are used.
From time to time, Anino employs third-party contractors to collect personal information on its behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, credit card processing, or other services through the Service. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number, and email address to its contractors. Anino may ask some third-party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics, or market research firms, to supplement the personal information that you provide to Anino for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that Anino can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors’ needs and preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, Anino may tie this information to the information you provide to it.
Message Boards and Chat Rooms
Note that certain information you post and communicate through a Service or a third-party site or service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy.
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user-generated content to Anino sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view, or in similar forums on its sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality.
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Anino is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you post a video, image, or photo through a Service for public view, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied, and/or used by other users without your consent. Anino is not responsible for the videos, images, or photos that you choose to post through a Service. Please see Anino’s Terms of Service at https://www.anino.co/terms-of-use/ on this point and for other guidelines about posting content through any Service.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that Anino may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the property and rights of Anino or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity Anino may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. Note that Anino is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena, or other similar governmental request that it may receive.
Anino may also disclose information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the Service or to protect its operations or users. Additionally, Anino may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Anino endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third-party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Anino site you are visiting or the application you are running and will go to the site or application linked to. These third-party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because Anino cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Anino. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct, or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information on your profile page. If you completely delete all of this information, your account may be deactivated. If you would like Anino to delete your record from its system, please contact Anino and it will attempt to accommodate your request if it is not legally obligated to retain the record.
If you have granted Anino access to your Account Information through a Service, you may request that Anino delete your Account Information by following the directions available at http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy. You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Anino application from your social network or third-party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third-party service.
Security
Anino has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. However, Anino cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will ever be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Anino discourages you from sending Anino personal information through these media.
POLICY REGARDING PERSONS UNDER 21
This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only. Without derogating from the foregoing, Anino does not knowingly collect personal information from people under the age of 13. If Anino learns that a person under the age of 13 has provided it with personal information, Anino will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
PAYMENTS
For Anino’s policy regarding the purchase of “coins” or other virtual currency, please see Anino’s Terms of Service.
MORE INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy is governed by Singapore law.
You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal data we hold and to object to the processing of such personal data. Please contact us if you would like to exercise this right.
AGREEMENT WITH POLICIES
By accessing and/or using any of the Anino Offerings, you signify your understanding of and agreement with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any Anino Offerings.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last modified” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how Anino protects your information.
CONTACTING US
For any questions about its Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact Anino at:
info@anino.co