Home
Ticket
Submit a ticket
View Ticket
Knowledgebase
Deutsch
English
Deutsch
English
./
en
en
myatmo
myatmo Support
Knowledgebase
Search the Knowledgebase
Imprint - Privacy
Solution
Deutsche Version
EULA:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
1.) Privacy policy Website myatmo.de
Data protection
The operators or providers of the myatmo.de website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or E-Mail addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.
Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type / browser version
used operating system
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
These data can not be assigned to specific persons. A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.
Cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Contact form
If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details from the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent.
Provider of the myatmo.de website:
Totalidea Software GmbH
Am Holzwickeder Bach 13
59439 Holzwickede
Germany
Contact: http://myatmo.de
Managing Director: Stefan Kuske
VAT number: DE215371796
Register court: Amtsgericht Hamm HRB 10679
Responsible according to §5 TMG / §55 paragraph 2 RfStV:
Stefan Kuske, Totalidea Software GmbH - Address as above.
Status of this guideline: 21.02.2022
2.) Privacy Statement myatmo App for iOS
The myatmo iOS app does NOT collect and / or transmit personally identifiable information.
netatmo weather station data
The myatmo iOS app does not collect, transmit, or otherwise process any sensor data outside of the app. The current values ​​of a netatmo weather station retrieved by myatmo are processed and buffered within the myatmo iOS app.
The access data (user name and user password) required to retrieve the measured values ​​of a netatmo weather station will not be collected, stored or forwarded. For authentication after the first use of the myatmo iOS app, a 'one-way' hash is used that does not allow for any inferences about user data previously entered by the user.
Neither sensor identification numbers, nor any other data useful for identification of the netatmo sensors used by the end user are forwarded or collected to the app developer, or to any other entity.
All data collected by the sensors used will be retrieved from the official netatmo data server and will remain on the retrieving iOS device at any time after retrieval until replaced by more recent data (i.e., a new data query). The server from which the myatmo app retrieves data is under the control of NETATMO, 93 rue Nationale, 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt, FRANCE. The netatmo data protection regulations are available at www.netatmo.com.
Error analysis
The following data is collected exclusively in case of program errors (that is, in case of crashes of the myatmo app) for error analysis and error correction:
Anonymized Device ID
Device type
iOS version
Date and time the error occurred
Information about the available memory of the device used
Technical details of the type of problem encountered, i. Details of the source code in which it came to an error
An identification of the user is not possible by this data. No personal data will be collected or transmitted.
Usage Analysis
myatmo collects the following data for the usage analysis of the app and for the implementation of future functions for purely statistical reasons:
Anonymized device ID generated by the myatmo app
Anonymized support ID generated by the myatmo app
myatmo Premium Status and expiration date and time
Number of myatmo data updates performed
Type of the called myatmo app function
Number of myatmo users and myatmo sessions
Session duration
Operating systems
Device models
Region
First launches of the myatmo app
myatmo App versions incl. date and time
myatmo app updates
myatmo in-app purchases
General device information such as model, operating system, and orientation
RAM and drive size
CPU usage
Mobile service providers based on the country and network code of the mobile device
Radio / network information (eg WLAN, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on the IP address)
Language
Signal strength
Jailbroken or rooting status of the device
Battery and charging status
myatmo app version
myatmo App foreground or background status
Pseudonyms myatmo App Instance ID
Network URLs (without URL parameters or payload content) and the following data:
Response codes (eg 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
response times
Duration of automatic traces
An identification of the user is not possible by this data. No personal data will be collected or transmitted.
The unique 'advertising identifier' available on iOS is NOT used by myatmo. Therefore, a unique identification of the user is not possible.
Provider of the myatmo iOS app:
Totalidea Software GmbH
Am Holzwickeder Bach 13
59439 Holzwickede
Germany
Contact: http://myatmo.de
Managing Director: Stefan Kuske
VAT number: DE215371796
Register court: Amtsgericht Hamm HRB 10679
Responsible according to §5 TMG / §55 paragraph 2 RfStV:
Stefan Kuske, Totalidea Software GmbH - Address as above.
Status of this guideline: 21.02.2022
Article details
Article ID: 80
Category:
English
Related articles
What does the error message 'The netatmo server does not answer' mean?
Impressum - Datenschutzerklärung
Why does data refresh take longer than in other apps?