Privacy Policy
Effective from: June 2020
1. GENERAL INFORMATION
1.1. About Us.
Intelligo Software Limited is incorporated in Ireland with company number 254313 and having a registered office at One Southern Cross Road, IDA Business Park, Bray, Co Wicklow, Ireland (“
we
”/ “
us
”/ “
our
”/ “Intelligo”).
1.2. This Policy.
This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) (together with our
terms of use
) sets out important information about your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data, and the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you or your employer provide to us, will be processed in connection with your use of our mobile application software (the “
App
”) available online from app stores where we publish the App, once you have downloaded a copy of the App onto your mobile phone or handheld device (the “
Device
”) and any of the services accessible through the App (the “
Services
”).
1.3. Processing of Data.
Under this Policy, and unless the circumstances otherwise require, we will be what is known under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
GDPR
”) as the “controller” of the personal data you provide to us or as the “processor” on behalf of your employer of the personal data your employer provides to us.
1.4. Contact Us.
If you have any queries relating to this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at
iso@intelligosoftware.com
2. YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND YOUR RIGHTS
2.1. Access to your Information
We will provide you with a copy of your personal information (as relevant) for free if we receive a request from you for your information. This is regulated by and subject to the GDPR. Any such request should be made in writing and may be sent to by email at
iso@intelligosoftware.com
2.2. Right of Restriction.
You have the right to restrict us from processing personal data where one of the following applies:
2.2.1.
you have contested the accuracy of the personal data we hold on record in relation to you or for a period of time to enable us to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
2.2.2.
the processing of your personal data is unlawful and you request the restriction of use of the personal data instead of its erasure;
2.2.3.
we no longer require your personal data for the purpose of processing but you require this data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
2.2.4.
where you have contested the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification of whether our legitimate grounds override those of yours.
2.3. Corrections or Erasure (Right to Rectification and Right to Be Forgotten):
If we hold personal data concerning you which are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or if you withdraw consent for us to process personal data, you can request the deletion of personal data. This right will not apply where we are required to process personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation or where the processing of such information is carried out for reasons of public interest in the area of public health. You can also request to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate. Any request should be made in writing to the e-mail address set out below.
2.4. Right to Object.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time. We shall then no longer process your personal data save for what is necessary for the use of the App.
2.5. Data Portability.
When personal data is processed by automated means (i.e. not on paper) you have the right to receive your personal data (as applicable) in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format and have us transfer that personal data to another controller. The App does not process personal data in this manner and any such requests should be directed to your employer as the controller of the personal data.
3. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3.1.
We will collect and process the following data about you:
3.1.1. Information you give us.
This is information about you that you or your employer give us by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. Personal information is provided to us (by you or by your employer) when carrying out the Services accessible on our App. It includes information you provide when you report a problem with our App.
3.1.2. Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our App we will automatically collect the following information:

            technical information, including the type of mobile device you use, your IP address, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, or time zone settings.
3.1.3. Information we receive from other sources.
This is information we receive about you if you use other services we provide. We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, content management platforms) and may receive information about you from them. If this is the case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share that data internally and combine it with data collected on the App or through the Services. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
3.1.4. Special categories of personal data.
We do not require or collect any personal data that is sensitive personal data or any special category of personal data under the GDPR, unless you decide to provide such information to us. We will only process special categories of personal data that is necessary to comply with our contractual obligations with your employer and to carry out our obligations under employment, social security and social protection law.
4. WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION
4.1.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
4.1.1. Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
4.1.1.1.
to set up and administer your account for the Services;
4.1.1.2.
to perform our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and
4.1.1.3.
to notify you about changes to the Services.
4.1.2. Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
4.1.2.1.
to administer our App and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
4.1.2.2.
to improve our App to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or Device;
4.1.2.3.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services, when you choose to do so;
4.1.2.4.
as part of our efforts to keep our App safe and secure.
4.1.3. Information we receive from other sources.
We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
4.1.4. How long we keep your information.
The period of time we retain your personal data will be determined be our contractual obligations with your employer or in line with our data retention policy.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
5.1.
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
5.1.1.
Any member of our group, which means any subsidiary or holding company within the meaning of sections 7 and 8 of the Companies Act 2014.
5.1.2.
Selected third parties including analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our App.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Local Servers:
Your personal data is stored on servers based in Ireland.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
If you are located outside of the EEA and choose to provide personal data to us, we transfer that information to the EEA and process it there.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
7.1. Acknowledgement and Disclaimer.
We take our security responsibilities seriously, using the most appropriate physical and technical measures and require our hosting partner to use the same standard of care. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our App; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. These are described in more detail below.
7.2. Location of Servers and Accessibility.
Your personal data is not stored locally but on a secure server. No installs are required on your PC or laptop. Our web application is only accessible via HTTPS, which means that your interactions with our App are secure and private.
7.3. Data Encryption.
Your personal data is encrypted when stored by us  and all interactions with our App use the Transport Layer Security protocol.
7.4. Restricted Access.
Access to our servers is restricted to authorised Intelligo personnel and our technical support team on a “need to access” basis.
7.5. Performance monitoring applications.
The overall performance of the App and Services is very important. In order to maintain an uninterrupted service, our servers are constantly monitored and a dedicated team is in place who can be notified of any service disruptions.
7.6. Password and Authentication.
Your employer will provide you with an individual user ID and password in order to access the App. You can opt to protect access to the App on your Device by using a PIN code.
8. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Any changes made to this Policy from time to time will be published in the App. Each time you use the App the then current Policy will apply and you should review it each time you use the App to satisfy yourself that you are happy with it.
9. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS.
9.1. Contact Us.
Should you have any questions or complaints relating to this Policy, please contact us at:
Intelligo Software Limited, One Southern Cross Rd, IDA Business Park,
Bray, Co. Wicklow, Ireland
Email:
iso@intelligosoftware.com
www.intelligosoftware.com
9.2. Supervisory Authority.
We are committed to complying with the terms of the GDPR and to the processing of personal data in a fair, lawful and transparent manner. If, however, you believe that we have not complied with our obligations under the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner.