Privacy Policy
Consent:
Bayzat is sensitive to the privacy of visitors to the bayzat.com site. Each time a user visits the Site he/she consents to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The provision of any personal information relative to another person, is deemed to be obtained with proper consent from such person for the use, disclosure, and processing of such personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Collection and Use:
This Site collects and processes personal information about you upon completion of registration and profile forms on www.bayzat.com. The information shall be used to provide details to third party financial and/or insurance institutions. The information given allows us to communicate with the user material such as but not limited to site offerings, products, promotions and other similar communications. The type of personal information accumulated as part of the registration process includes but is not limited to name, phone number, e-mail address, date of birth, nationality, current salary, current profession and other similar information.
Our platform collects and stores user images and information, such as profile pictures and content submissions. While we do not share these images with third parties for general purposes, we may share certain information with trusted third-party providers. This sharing is limited to specific services and is conducted under strict data-sharing agreements, ensuring your data's privacy and compliance with relevant laws.
Your images and information are primarily used internally to improve our services and user experience. By using our platform, you consent to the collection, storage, and limited sharing of your data. We prioritize your data's security and have implemented robust measures to protect it. If you have any privacy concerns or questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Your privacy is a top priority for us, and we are committed to safeguarding it.
Bayzat Use of Acquired Information
Bayzat uses your provided information to:
Confirm and complete application forms filled in by you;
Provide customer support (including, responding to your requests), troubleshoot and resolutions for problems and disputes;
Contact you to verify the information provided to us;
Understand and anticipate your needs and preferences;
Ensure this Site is of interest to you (including, customization of advertising and content) and help us better understand your use of this Site;
Protect the security and integrity of this Site;
Conduct internal reviews of this Site and administer this Site’s systems;
Monitor compliance with and enforce this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and any other applicable agreements and policies;
Develop, enhance and market our products and services or the products and services of third parties;
Provide you with promotional materials, offers and personalized information;
Manage our business and operations;
Meet legal and regulatory requirements;
Provide administrative communications to you;
Apply User Generated Content as permitted in our Terms of Use; and
For other purposes which may be disclosed when you provide personally identifiable information or in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies, Web Beacons, or Similar Technologies:
The Site is entitled to collect certain information that reveals the frequency with which the Site is being visited, the times and dates of visits, and other information. Information is collected through various means. These devices may also be used on our behalf by third parties that manage our advertising on other websites; allowing us to identify which class of advertisements bring visitors to our website.
We may employ cookie technology, web beacons, transparent GIF images, and similar devices to facilitate site administration and navigation and to provide an enhanced online experience for our visitors. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so. If the user wishes to disable cookies, he/she must refer to the browser help menu. If the user disables cookies, he/she may not be able to access some features on our site.
We may use devices like web beacons and transparent GIF images to count and recognize users. Being able to access cookie data allows for personalization of the website while enhancing user experiences.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
We use the Google Analytics cookie on our site. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
We also use the DoubleCick cookie on our site. Google uses the DoubleClick cookie in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to ours users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting
Ads Setting
Disclosure of Information:
Bayzat may provide personal information to third parties who provide services on our behalf. These parties may use the information solely in conjunction with the specific services they provide (e.g., responding to your question, replying to a call back request, initiating a consumer survey, etc.). Some of these third parties may be involved in administering or supplementing Bayzat databases and will need to have access to the information in order to do so.
In the event that Bayzat sells or buys any business or assets, Bayzat may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If
www.bayzat.com
or a substantial amount of all of its assets are acquired by a third party, the personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
Bayzat reserves the right to disclose personal information as needed if such information is required by law, court order or requested by a government entity.
Send-to-a-Friend Tools:
This Site will include send-to-a-friend applications that make it easy to forward information from our site to others. In order to address the user's e-mail message, the application may ask you to input the recipient’s e-mail address and/or similar information. Bayzat does not retain any of this information.
Changes in Privacy Policy:
Our Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore the Customers are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Parental Consent:
If a child has provided Bayzat with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child must contact us using the form found on the site if they would like access to this information or have their child's details deleted from our records. We will take steps to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child's parent or legal guardian. If requested we will use all reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases.
If you are under 16 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself to us or on this Site, including your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child, we will delete that information.
The Consent to the Terms of this Privacy Policy:
By using this website, the user assents to all of the terms of this Privacy Policy and this website’s Terms and Conditions. If the user does not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, he/she should not use this Site or submit any personal information.
The User's Control over Personal Information:
The user always has the right to review and update the information that he/she previously provided to us on this website. Users may also contact us in order to remove him/her from our list of email addresses. Furthermore users have the right to request that their data not be processed for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us via the contact us form found on the site.
PAYMENT DATA:
All credit/debit card details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented, or leased to any third parties.
How to Contact Us:
If you have any question or concern about this Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions or about our collection or use of information, you should contact us. You can reach us via email at
talktous@bayzat.com