English
中文
Privacy Statement
Latest
revision date: May 2017
We attach
great importance to the protection of your personal privacy, and sometimes we
need some information to provide you with the services you need. This privacy
statement explains the collection and use of data under these circumstances.
This privacy
statement applies to all related services of our company. With the expansion of
our scope of services, the contents of this privacy statement might be updated
by our company at any time without prior notice. Once the updated privacy
statement is published online, it will effectively replace the original one.
We will
collect information directly from you. Usually, you don’t need to enter any
personal information to access our website and obtain information about our
company. However, on some web pages, we will ask you to choose to create an
account where you can enter your personal information at your will, so that we
can provide services or carry on transactions according to your requirements.
We will ask for your permission when we need the information that can verify
your identify or reach you.
Usually, we
might collect the following information and ask for your confirmation when you
register or apply for new features: name, title, company/organization name,
email address, address and phone number.
We don’t
require you have to provide any of the above information, but without such
information, we may not be able to provide the services you need or complete
your transactions.
Use of Information
We strictly
protect the security of your personal information. We will use a variety of
security techniques and procedures to protect your personal information from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We will
disclose your personal information in accordance with legal requirements, the
relevant terms of service of our company or the software license agreement, or
we have good reasons to believe that we have to do so to:
(a) Meet the
express provisions of laws or administrative regulations or comply with the
procedures applicable to our website;
(b) Comply
with the relevant terms of service of our company and the software license
agreement;
(c) Protect
the rights or property of our company;
(d) Protect
the employees of our company, the users of our products or services or the
personal safety of the public in case of emergencies;
We will not
share the information with third parties without your permission, except as
already stated in this statement.
Use of
Cookies
Using
cookies can help you personalize your online experience. You can accept or
reject cookies. Most web browsers will automatically accept cookies, but you
can usually modify your browser settings to reject cookies based on your needs.
Sometimes we
use cookies to know what sites are popular, so that you can get better services
when you visit our company. Cookies will not track your personal information.
When you
register with our company, we will also use cookies. In this case, we will
collect and store useful information, and when you visit our company again, we
will be able to verify your identify. The cookies from our company can only be
read by our company.
If your
browser is set to reject cookies, you will still be able to access most of our
web pages.
Security
Our company
is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a
variety of security techniques and procedures to prevent your personal
information from being accessed, used or disclosed without authorization. For
example, we store the personal information you provide in a computer system
with access settings and place the system in equipment with access settings. It
is your responsibility to ensure that your password is safe and not to disclose
such information to others with regard to the site you’ve logged in. When you browse
in a site you’ve logged in or move from one site to another site that uses the
same login mechanism, we will verify your identity by using the encrypted
cookies placed on your computer.
Disclaimer
We will not
bear any legal responsibility for the following related matters:
*
Leakage of
any personal information due to that you inform the user password to others or
share a registration account with others, or leakage of personal information
not due to the reasons of our company;
*
Our company
provides your personal information in accordance with legal requirements or
relevant government policies;
*
Disputes
arising from the use of your personal information by any third party in
accordance with the terms of service and statement of our company;
*
Any temporary
website closure due to hacker attacks, computer viruses or government controls;
*
Any
consequences resulting from force majeure;
*
Usage mode
or disclaimer as specified in the terms of service and statement of our
company.