Purpose of use of personal information
Personal information provided by customers, including name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, will be used for the following purposes. If we wish to use your personal information beyond the scope of the purpose of use, we will obtain your prior consent.
To manage membership from registration to withdrawal
To fulfill orders received
To carry out packing and shipping of products, etc.
To respond to inquiries, complaints, consultations, etc. regarding our services.
To distribute e-mail newsletters
Sending of email notifications of campaigns and new product information, etc.
To respond to various inquiries and after-sales services
Notification of matters necessary for the operation of this website
Contact for complaints and consultation regarding the handling of personal information
If you have any opinions, complaints, questions, or concerns about our handling of personal information, please contact the Personal Information Consultation Desk below.
Neo Wing Inc. Personal Information Complaints Consultation Desk
By phone or e-mail:
03-3665-4947 (Office hours: 10:00-18:00 weekdays)
e-mail: info-pro@neowing.co.jp
By letter:
〒103-0012 JL Nihonbashi Bldg. 3F, 1-10-15 Nihonbashi Horidome-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Please note that we cannot accept any requests made in person without an appointment.
About the authorized personal information protection organization to which we belong
We are a target entity of the Japan Information Processing Development Corporation (JIPDEC), an authorized personal information protection organization certified under Article 47 of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information.
Complaints regarding the Company's handling of personal information may also be directed to the Association.
Name of authorized personal information protection organization and contact for complaint resolution
Name: Japan Institute for Promotion of Digital Economy and Community Secretariat of Certified Personal Information Protection Organizations
Location: Roppongi First Building, 1-9-9 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0032
Phone number: 03-5860-7565 0120-700-779
Publication of matters concerning retained personal data or records of provision to a third party
a) The name or names of the organization:
Neo Wing Inc.
〒103-0012
JL Nihonbashi Bldg. 3F, 1-10-15 Nihonbashi Horidome-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Representative Director Fumio Katagiri
b) Name or title, affiliation and contact information of the Personal Information Protection Manager (or his/her representative)
Group Leader, Business Management Group
Phone: 03-3665-4947
e-mail: info-pro@neowing.co.jp
c) Purpose of use of retained personal data
As described in "Disclosure of Purposes of Use of Personal Information when Obtaining Personal Information" above.
However, we do not have the authority to respond to requests for disclosure, etc., of personal information obtained in the course of outsourced operations.
d) Provision of Information to Third Parties
We will not provide personal data to third parties except in the following cases
When the individual concerned has given consent
In accordance with laws and regulations
When it is necessary for the protection of the life, body, or property of an individual and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual.
When it is particularly necessary to improve public health or to promote the sound growth of children and it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual concerned.
When it is necessary to cooperate with a national agency, a local government, or an individual or entity entrusted by either a national agency or local government to execute affairs prescribed by law, and obtaining the consent of the person is likely to impede the execution of such affairs.
When personal data is provided in connection with the succession of business due to merger or other reasons
When entrusting all or part of the handling of personal data within the scope necessary for the achievement of the purpose of use
We will not provide the Specified Personal Information to any third party, except in cases where the provision of the Specified Personal Information to a third party is permitted by law.
e) Outsourcing of personal information
We may outsource part or all of the handling of personal information to outside parties to the extent necessary to achieve the above purposes of use. When outsourcing the handling of personal information, we evaluate and select the outsourcee to ensure that it implements the necessary safety control measures, etc. to protect personal information, and ensure that appropriate safety control measures are implemented by contract.
f) Contact for complaints regarding the handling of retained personal data
Neo Wing Inc. Personal Information Complaints Consultation Desk
By telephone or fax: Tel : 03-3665-4947 Fax : 03-3665-4942
By e-mail: info-pro@neowing.co.jp
By letter: 〒103-0012
JL Nihonbashi Bldg. 3F, 1-10-15 Nihonbashi Horidome-cho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
Please note that we cannot accept any requests made in person without an appointment.
g) Name of the authorized personal information protection organization and contact for resolution of complaints:
The name of the authorized personal information protection organization and the contact for resolution of complaints are listed above (contact for complaints and consultation regarding the handling of personal information).
h) Procedures for responding to requests for disclosure, etc.
To request notification of the purpose of use, disclosure, correction, addition or deletion, suspension of use, elimination, suspension of provision to third parties, or disclosure of records of provision to third parties (collectively, "Disclosure, etc.") of retained personal data, please contact our "Contact for complaints regarding handling of retained personal data" listed above. Please contact the "Contact for complaints regarding the handling of retained personal data". Please fill in the necessary items on the "Application Form" and attach documents that confirm the applicant's identity. (For example, a copy of your driver's license, passport, health insurance card, pension book, residence card, special permanent resident certificate, or my number card (front side only) with or without a photo. (1 point for each of the two types if they do not have a photograph). In the case of a request for disclosure, etc. by a representative, a document that verifies the identity of the principal, a letter of attorney from the principal, and a copy of a document that verifies the identity of the representative must be submitted. In the case of a request for disclosure, etc. by a legal representative, a document that can verify the identity of the principal, a copy of a document that can prove the identity of the legal representative (certificate of registered matters, etc., or in the case of a person with parental authority, a copy of the family register, extract from the family register, certified copy of resident registration or other document that can prove the relationship with the principal) and a document that can verify the identity of the representative must be submitted.
A fee of 1,000 yen per request will be charged for notification or disclosure of the purpose of use of personal data or disclosure of records of provision of personal data to a third party. (Please enclose a postal money order with your request form, etc.)
Apart from the above request, you can confirm or change your membership information by clicking the link below.
Click here to check or change your membership information
i) Measures taken for the secure management of retained personal data
Establishment of basic policy: Establish basic policy regarding compliance with laws and regulations, complaints and consultation services, etc.
Establishment of rules for handling personal data: Establishment of rules on how to handle personal data, etc.
Organizational security control measures: Establishment of operational and reporting systems, inspection of operational status, etc.
Personnel safety control measures: Periodic training of employees, etc.
Physical safety control measures: access control and restrictions on taking documents and equipment out of the company's premises, etc.
Technical security control measures: Implementation of measures to prevent unauthorized access by restricting access, etc.
The following is an overview of the external environment: the system for the protection of personal information in foreign countries, etc., where personal data is stored.
Implement safety management measures based on understanding
Voluntary nature of providing personal information
Providing personal information to us is voluntary. Failure to provide such information may impede our business operations related to the purposes of use described in "Purposes of Use of Personal Information" and may result in disadvantage to the individual.
Security of Personal Information
Your registration information is password protected for your privacy and security. To ensure the security of your information during transmission, this website uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information such as your personal information and credit card number before it is transmitted from your computer to our server. SSL allows information such as your personal information and credit card number to be encrypted and transmitted from your computer to our server, preventing information theft and tampering and ensuring the safe transmission of your personal information over the Internet.
About Cookies
This website uses a technology called cookies. Cookies are a mechanism that allows certain information necessary for communication to be temporarily stored as data on the computer used by the customer, and allows the customer to be identified based on that data each time a connection is made. We use cookies for shopping cart and login management. Therefore, if you do not allow the use of cookies, you may not be able to receive some of our services. You can decide whether or not to allow the use of cookies by contacting us at You can configure the settings in your customer's browser. Please check the settings as necessary.
Gathering Information from the Younger Generations
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 provides personal information to us without parental or guardian consent, the child's parent or guardian may request us by e-mail to delete the child's information from our database or to stop providing service information to the child in question.
Protection of Personal Information of Customers within EEA Member Countries
If you reside within an EEA member state, i.e., one of the European Union member states, Iceland, Liechtenstein, or Norway, please note the following additional terms.
Your personal data will be transferred to and stored on our servers in Japan; as of May 25, 2018, Japan has not received a data protection sufficiency determination from the European Commission, but we will control your data appropriately.
You may request us to access your personal data, correct inaccurate personal data, or delete it. Please contact us at "info-pro@neowing.co.jp". If you are dissatisfied with our handling of your personal data, you may file a complaint with the supervisory authority of any EEA member state.