Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
February 1, 2020
Phantom Force, LP, also referred to as PF in this Privacy Policy, is the creator of the HYPERSPEKTIV application which we refer to as the App. PF is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our website www.hyperspektiv.com (the “Site”) and users of our App. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information about how PF collects, uses, stores, and shares the information that you provide to us through the Site and the App so that you may make appropriate choices for sharing information with us. The Site and the App may provide links to websites operated by other service providers. This Privacy Policy applies to our Site and App and does not apply to websites or applications that are operated by other service providers. The treatment of information that you provide on other website(s) and applications is subject to the applicable privacy policies of the provider(s) of such website(s). PF may collect, use, share and disclose information, from our Site and from our App, as described below.
The Information We Collect
PF does not require that you reveal any personally identifiable information to visit our Site or use our App. However, you may elect to provide personally identifiable information to us, such as, for example, your email address, when you voluntarily sign up to receive news and other information from us, if you sign up for a beta test, if you send us an email, or if you submit questions or comments to us about the Site or the App.
We or our third party service providers, such as Apple, Google, Facebook and Yahoo, may collect information for technical support or other business support reasons such as for use in analytics and to improve the performance, experience and reliability of the App. In most cases, App-related information is collected passively by the App. The information collected passively by the App is not typically considered personal, but it may include or be combined with personally identifiable information, such as application, device type, or other identifiers by us or such third party service providers. Additionally, this information may include or be associated with a personal identifier, such as a device ID, and therefore, it may be used in a personally identifiable way. For example, your device may be assigned a temporary id which may serve to identify your device, your browsing activities, and your interactions with the App generally and on social media. Similarly, your IP address, ISP, network configuration information, network device information, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, platform, browser activity, geographical region, gender, age, language, automatically generated interests, and session information are passively collected by the App and our Site.
We utilize other means of passively collecting information:
“Cookies”. Cookies are bits of electronic information that a website can transfer to a user's hard drive to keep records of his or her visit at the website. We may use cookies to improve your experiences when visiting the Site, and to anonymously track interest in, and collect aggregate information on, our Site.
“IDFA”. IDFA is a tag or identifier which applies to your device(s) that utilize(s) Apple’s iOS. We use the IDFA to customize our advertising to your preferences. You may reset the IDFA at any time and opt out of all remarketing by enabling a device setting called “Limit Ad Tracking” (LAT), which is designed to restrict advertisers from using the IDFA for behavioral advertising. Learn more about how to limit ad tracking on your iOS device or how to reset your IDFA by clicking here:
IDFA Opt-Out
.
“Log files” are files that log actions that have occurred on a website. PF may use log files to gather statistics about your browsing habits and to assess overall Site activity, including how many "hits" a web page receives. Log entries are generated anonymously, are not associated with any particular user, computer, or browser, and enable us to track interest promotions, troubleshoot technical concerns, and provide users with content that may be of interest to them. We also use this information for internal purposes to improve the App and the Site.
“Pixel Tags” are transparent GIF images that are added to a web page. We use pixels on our Site to measure and understand our users so that we can customize our advertising.
“Tags” or “Container Tags”. Tags are little bits of code. We use Tags on our Site and in our App to help us to measure impressions across platforms in order to analyze the responsiveness of our advertising campaigns and to better understand how you use and enjoy the Site and the App.
“Web beacons”. Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites. We use web beacons to analyze traffic patterns on our Site, such as the frequency with which users visit various pages of our Site. These technical methods may involve the transmission of data to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use track HTML emails that we send so that we may understand whether users have opened the emails or clicked on links contained in the emails. These technical methods may collect information in a form that is personally identifiable.
How We Use Information
Information is used for the purpose for which it was collected. For example, information collected for App-related purposes is used for operating or improving our Apps or App-related features, information collected for business support purposes is used for business support functions, and information passively collected from our Site is used for the purposes of operating or improving our Site and for improved targeting of our marketing and advertising. Information collected when you sign up for our mailing list or beta test is used by us to communicate to you news and other information about the App and to inform you about offers we believe will be of interest to you. We maintain information obtained from users who contact us so that we may assist these customers with current or future product or service issues.
We may use personally identifiable information that we or our service providers collect for demographic, market, or other internal studies which help us to improve the Site and the App, to better meet our users’ needs, and for the advertising and marketing of our products and services. Information that we have collected may also be used to provide you with future advertisements that we believe will be of interest to you. From time to time we may conduct surveys or questionnaires for users to provide feedback and additional information which allows PF to improve its App and App-features.
Disclosure of Information
We may share information with third parties that provide services and assist us in realizing the purposes described above. For example, we may disclose an application or device identifier to a service provider such as Apple, Google, Facebook or Yahoo for aggregation or analysis or for our marketing and advertising purposes. We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as analytics data, to third parties for the purposes of evaluating the business. We do not share information with unaffiliated third parties for their own independent marketing purposes without your consent.
We may also disclose and share information with law enforcement or regulatory bodies as required or permitted by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to protect to enforce the rights, security, safety, property, of ourselves or others.
We may use and disclose personally identifying information and records for the defense of a lawsuit, investigation or other action if such personally identifying information, records or profiles are relevant to the lawsuit, investigation or action.
Transfer of Your Information
The App is available and the Site is accessible in the United States and other countries around the world. Please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in these countries and as such, courts, law enforcement, and other authorities in these countries may, in certain circumstances, have the right to access your personal information. By using the App and the Site or providing us with any information through them, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in such countries where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive or protective as those in the country where you are a citizen or reside. In the event that PF sells or transfers its business or its business is acquired, our Site visitors’ and App users’ stored personally identifying information may be transferred to the purchasing or acquiring entity. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you also consent to the possible transfer of your personally identifying information outside your country of residence.
HOW WE MANAGE TRUE-DEPTH FACE DATA
Hyperspektiv utilizes Apple's Augmented Reality APIs (specifically ARKit & TrueDepth) in order to provide filters that react intelligently to people's bodies. On newer devices, in selfie mode, this requires that we use ARKit's Face Tracking mode.
We do not utilize your True Depth face data, nor do we store it anywhere. The only data used is the outline of your body, so we can apply filters to it.
Underage Users
While neither our Site nor our App is targeted to underage users, if we have knowledge that a user is underage, or as otherwise required by law, we may delete the user’s information, and/or attempt to notify and obtain parental consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the user’s personal information.
Retention of Data and Security
While we seek to maintain reasonable measures to protect the personal information under our control that is collected from users of our Site and our App from loss, alteration, and unauthorized or accidental disclosure and access, there is no such thing as perfect security and as such, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us through or in connection with our Site and App that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers' systems. We may retain information about you as long as it is necessary for us to fulfil the purposes outlined in this policy and for such additional period as is permitted or required to, by way of example only and not limitation, comply with our legal obligations, enforce agreements, and resolve disputes. To the extent it is required by applicable law, we shall delete your information when requested to do so or when it is necessary. Even if we delete such information from active databases, the information may remain on archival media as well as other information systems.
Your California Privacy Rights, Your GDPR Rights, and How to Contact Us
For information regarding our information-handling and processing practices, or to understand how to access, correct, or update personal information that we may have collected about you, including for California residents to obtain information regarding our disclosures to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year (if any), please contact us by the following methods:
Phantom Force, LP
6310 S. San Vicente Blvd., #501 Los Angeles, CA 90048
Or by email:
us@hyperspektiv.com
Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer per year.
Do Not Track
Internet browsers may have settings regarding tracking. Such settings are called “Do Not Track”. There are currently no standards for the Do Not Track signals or how to respond to them. As such, PF adheres to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy.
Governing Law
PF is operated in the United States; the Site and the App are intended for consumers in the United States. When we process personal data and information and personally identifying information in the United States, we follow United States data protection and privacy regulations.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. We will post revisions to this Privacy Policy, and the changes are effective when we post them on www.hyperspektiv.com. By continuing to use the Site and App after the effective date of those changes, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.  If you do not accept all changes, please do not visit the Site and please discontinue use of and uninstall the App.