Privacy Policy of Art of the State LLC
Art of the State LLC provides apps.

This page is used to inform app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our apps.

If you choose to use our apps, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the apps. 

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our apps, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we receive from you may be used to contact or identify you.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our apps, we collect information that your device sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, OS version, parts of our apps that you use, the time and date of your use, the time spent on those parts, and other statistics.

Third-Party Providers
We may employ third-party providers, companies, and individuals for the following purposes:

To facilitate our apps;
To provide apps on our behalf;
To perform apps-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our apps are used.
We want to inform our app users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. 

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
Our apps may contain links to other sites and/or apps. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site or app. Note that these external sites and apps are not operated by us. 

Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these sites and apps. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party apps, sites or services.

Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to undertake the necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.