Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 2015-02-13.​
mfactory("us", "we", or "our") operates mfactory's applications and websites(the "Application"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Application.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information"). Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited. Device Information and so on.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Application ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Application.
Tracking and Ads
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
mfactory may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Application. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. mfactory.org@gmail.com