Privacy Policy
What We Collect
Gauld Developments (‘we’) may collect any information that you submit to us via this website or via software that we distribute on the Apple App Store. We will not collect any information that would not reasonably be associated with the services that we provide. Certain information, such as your IP address, browser type, etc., may be provided by your device and is kept by our web server’s logs for diagnostic purposes. Other information, such as your name and email address, may be provided directly by you if you send us an email or sign up for an account using our software. When using our software, certain analytics are collected in order to improve the performance of that software. These analytics are collected by the Google Firebase platform and contain anonymous information about how you use the software. Please find their privacy policy
here
. You have the option to disable these analytics in the Settings of any of our software products.
Minimums – METAR/TAF Analysis
The Minimums app for iOS sends the following information to our servers:
Your email address and password, if you have created an account
Alert information when you create an alert (airport code and associated alert criteria)
Minimums that you have entered for each of your airports (if Shared Data is enabled)
How We Use Your Data
All data collected by us is stored on servers located in the United States. We do not share your data with anyone. Passwords are not stored in plain text and are hashed using industry standard algorithms. We will not send you any emails unless you have initiated the request (eg. password reset requests) or unless we deem it necessary for the security of your account. All data is used for the purpose in which it was intended and not for advertising or generating secondary revenue.
Data Retention
Gauld Developments will retain the data you have sent to us for as long as necessary in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
Data protection rights vary around the world. If you have any concerns with the data we possess about you, please contact us and we will strive to resolve these issues. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not use the services of this website or the software we distribute through the Apple App Store. This policy is subject to change at any time without notification.
Contact
support@gaulddev.com
if you have any questions or concerns,
The Gauld Developments Team