Last updated:
May
24, 2018
.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy
is important to us at OpenSimSim, Inc. ("OpenSimSim," "we," "us," or "our").
This Privacy Policy explains how OpenSimSim and its affiliates collect, use,
and disclose information about you, or associated with you, when you use our
website and/or our mobile app (collectively, "the Platform"). "You" or "Your"
means a user of the Platform, which could refer to an individual Worker or
Company (as defined in the Terms of Use) or any other authorized user of the Platform.
By accessing
or using the Platform, you agree that you have read, understood and agree to
our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in
this Privacy Policy,
our
Terms of Use
,
all amendments, addenda, and licenses to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use,
and all applicable OpenSimSim rules and policies (collectively, the "
Agreement
").
If you do not agree, you may not access or use the Platform.
Collection of
Information
We collect
personal information about our users in a variety of ways, including:
Information You Provide to Us:
We
may collect and store personal information when you register for the Platform
or provide to us in some other manner. For example, when you create an account
with the Platform, we may collect your name, username, password, email address,
physical address, phone number, work history, schedule, availability, and any
other information you provide, such as personal photographs. If you are a
Company, we also collect information about your business, payment information
and any information you provide about your Workers or business practices.
We may collect and store any communications between you and OpenSimSim,
any communications between you and other users of the Platform, any information
you provide if you take part in any interactive features of the Platform (such
as comments, reviews, and other posts), and any other information you provide
to us, including work history details on the Platform, such as clock-in details
and any associated photos. We may use third party services such as payment
processors, who will collect and store billing, credit card, and other payment
information that you provide to them to enable payment for services purchased
through or from OpenSimSim.
Information We Collect Automatically:
We
automatically collect and store certain information related to your use of the Platform,
such as
the site from which you came and the site to which you are going
when you leave our website, the pages you visit, the links you click, how
frequently you access the Platform, whether you open emails or click the links
contained in emails, whether you access the Platform from multiple devices, and
other actions you take on the Platform. We collect such usage information
through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, Flash objects,
web beacons, file information and similar technology (collectively, "tracking
technologies").
When you access our Platform from a mobile device, we may collect information
about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type,
Internet Platform provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date
and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser,
mobile device or your account, and other such information.
Depending on your mobile device settings, we may also collect data
regarding your geographical location, such as GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude
and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile
device, or we may be able to approximate your device’s location by analyzing
other information, like an IP address.
If you have your mobile device’s "background location" turned on,
the Platform will, tell us about your device’s location at the time of clocking
in and out of work shifts. We use various technologies to determine location,
such as location services of the applicable operating system or browser and
sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on
nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. You may choose to disable location
tracking in the Mobile App, but if you do so, certain functionality may not be
available to you.
Information We Receive from Social Networking Sites:
When you interact with our site through various social media, such
as when you login through Facebook or Google, or share OpenSimSim content on
Facebook, Twitter, or other sites, we may receive information from the social
network including your profile information, profile picture, gender, user name,
user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language,
country, friends list, and any other information you permit the social network
to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy
settings with the social network, and we will not post information about you on
third party social media sites without your consent. You should always review,
and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and Platforms
before linking or connecting them to our website or Platform.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
From
time to time, we may receive information about you from third parties, including
information about you that is provided by other users of the Platform, staffing
or employment agencies, identity verification or payroll vendors, or other
third parties. This may include, for example, your contact information, work
history, work schedule, or any other information provided to us by a third
party. We may also collect information about you that is otherwise publicly
available.
Use of Information
In general, we use the information we collect to
operate,
maintain, optimize, and provide to you the features and functionality of the
Platform, as well as to communicate directly with you, permit you to
communicate with others on the Platform or on social media, or invite others to
join the Platform.
We may use your personal information
to contact you regarding work opportunities (or Workers, as the case may be)
that may be a match for you. We may also use your personal information to
contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other
information that may be of interest to you.  If you decide at any
time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please
follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of our communications to
you, or update your account preferences
.
We use your usage information to monitor and analyze use of the
Platform and for technical administration of the same, to increase the
functionality and user-friendliness of the Platform, and to better tailor it to
our users’ needs.  For example, we may use various tracking
technologies to help us understand user activity, determine user interest in
certain subject matter, and measure the effectiveness of the Platform and our
communications.  In addition, we may use technical information
about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, to
facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other
services to you related to the Platform.
We use or
may use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember
information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the
next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and
information; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor
the effectiveness of our Platform; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total
number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website;
(f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and
enhance our Platform.
We may collect
analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic
and usage trends for the Platform and to understand more about the demographics
of our users. We may also work with third party partners to employ
technologies, including the application of statistical modeling tools, which
attempt to recognize you across multiple devices.
We and our third party partners may also use cookies and tracking
technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking
technologies, please see "Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising" below.
We may use your location data to tailor the Platform to your
current location (e.g., to show you a list of nearby Workers or Company opportunities,
and/or to calculate your proximity or estimated time of arrival to a nearby Company
opportunity).  We also use location data for our sales operations and business
reporting.
We may use user communications (e.g. messages to other users,
comments, reviews, etc.) for our business purposes, including in the course of
customer service investigations regarding any user complaints, disputes among
users, and for research and development related to how users use the Platform.
We may also
use the information we collect, on a de-identified or aggregate basis, to
compile analytics and share performance data.
Sharing of Information
OpenSimSim’s policy is not to share user information it collects
with third parties, other than as specified below, or where a user expressly
consents to our sharing of certain information with a third party:
Other Users of the Platform
:
Your information will be shared other users of the Platform, as needed to
provide the Platform and its functionality to you and other users. For example,
some of your information may be shared with your Company and with other Workers
of the same Company in order to facilitate scheduling and communication. You
may be able to control the visibility of some of your information and actions
through your Settings (see "
Your Choices Regarding Your Information
" below). We also share information about your use of the
Platform with your Company for analytic purposes. For example, we provide
reporting tools to allow a Company to evaluate the efficiency of its workforce,
and its employees’ responsiveness and availability.
Business Partners and Vendors
:
We work closely with certain business partners and vendors and we
may provide your information to them so that they can provide services related
to the Platform, or offer their products or services to you.  For
example, we may provide your information to our business partners or other
trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on products
or services we believe will be of interest to you, we will notify you and
obtain your prior consent prior to doing so.  We may also use third
party companies and individuals to facilitate the Platform; to provide the Platform
or portions of the Platform on our behalf; to perform related services,
including without limitation, maintenance services, database management,
fulfillment, web analytics, and improvement of the features or functionality;
or to assist us in analyzing how the Platform is being used.
Under
certain circumstances, you may avoid having OpenSimSim share your information
with its business partners and vendors by not granting OpenSimSim permission to
share your information.  Not granting OpenSimSim permission to share
your information with its business partners or vendors may limit your access to
their services through the Platform.
Social Media
Platforms
: If you access the Platform from a third party social media
platform, we may share your personal information with that platform to the
extent permitted by your agreement with that platform and its privacy settings.
Promotions:
From
time to time, we may offer promotions through the Platform that require a
separate registration.  By participating in such a promotion, you
agree to the official rules for the promotion, which may require that you
provide certain information.  Information collected in connection
with a promotion will be used consistently with the promotion’s official rules
and this Privacy Policy.
Other Companies owned by or under Common Ownership
with OpenSimSim
:
These companies will use your personal
information in the same way as we can under this Policy. This includes our
subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding
company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries
it owns.
Other Parties in Connection with any Company Transaction
,
such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares,
reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion
of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy
or related or similar proceedings.
Compliance
with Law and Protection of OpenSimSim and Others
:
We
may release user information when we believe, in our sole discretion, that
release is appropriate to:
(i) satisfy any applicable law,
regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request,
(ii) enforce, apply, or investigate compliance with the Agreement, including
the Terms of Use, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third
party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property
or safety of OpenSimSim, its users or the public as required or permitted by
law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or
stalking), security or technical issues.
Aggregate
Site Use Information:
We may also share information with
others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify
you directly as an individual.
Your Choices
Regarding Your Information
Changing or
Deleting Information You Provided
: Users who have created an
account on the Platform may review, update, correct or delete the personal information
in their registration profile by revising their account profiles.  If
you completely delete all such information, then your account may become
deactivated.  We may retain an archived copy of your records as
required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Device Information, Including Location
Information:
You may control the app’s access to your device
information through your "Settings" feature on your device. For instance, you
can withdraw permission for the app to access your location data.
Tracking Technologies
:
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i)
change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which
lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or
(iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing
so may negatively impact your experience using the Platform, as some features
on our Platform may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and
operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies.
You may set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic
downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know
whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
Some web browsers may be configured to send Do Not Track signals
to websites, or users may use similar mechanisms, to indicate a user’s
preference that certain web technologies not be used to track the user’s online
activity.  The Platform, including the Website, does not accept or process such
Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms.
Information Sharing Settings:
You
may change some of your data sharing preferences on your Settings page. For
example, you may mark certain aspects of your profile as private so that it may
not be viewable by other users of the Platform. If you use the Platform as a
Worker, certain elements of your information will be automatically shared with
your Company, depending on how your Company has configured the company account
and user permissions on the Platform.
Communications:
From time to
time, the Platform will send communications about news and updates, advice and
analytics relating to your use of the Platform. The Platform also facilitates
communication among users by email, text message and in-app notifications.
Users can adjust communications preferences through Settings.
Marketing Communications:
From
time to time, we may send you promotional messages. If you do not wish to
receive promotional emails, you can change your email preferences on your
Settings page on our websites, or you can click the "unsubscribe" button on
promotional email communications. Note that you are not permitted to unsubscribe
or opt-out of non-promotional messages regarding your account, such as account
verification, change or updates to features of the Platform, or technical and
security notices.
Third Party Processors,
Tracking, and Online Advertising
We may
share, or we may permit third party online advertising networks, social media
companies and other third party Platforms, to collect information about your
use of our website over time so that they may play or display ads that may be
relevant to your interests on our Platform as well as on other websites or apps,
or on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always, the information
we share is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies, which
recognize the device you are using and collect information, including hashed
data, click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the
site, and other information. This information is used to display targeted ads
on or through our Platform or on other websites or apps, including on Facebook.
We or the online advertising networks use this information to make the advertisements
you see online more relevant to your interests.
As noted above,
depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able set your browser to
delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively
managing the settings on your browser or mobile device.
Links to Third Party Websites
The Platform
may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners,
advertisers, social media sites, and our users may post links to third party
websites.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us
through the Platform and does not apply to these third party websites.
If you
follow a link to any of these third party websites, please note that these
websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility
or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before
you submit any information to those websites.
Data
Retention
We may
retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to
for our internal purposes.  You may obtain a copy of the personal information
we have about you by emailing us at privacy@opensimsim.com. When you deactivate
your account, we will remove your information from view by others on the Platform,
but we may retain your account information internally so that you can access
your account history and so that you may re-register an account more quickly in
the future. You may request to fully delete your account information by
contacting us at
privacy@opensimsim.com
.
However, please be aware that we may not be able to delete any
content you have shared with others on the Platform that is required to be
retained by law or regulation or legitimate business purposes. For example,
your Company will have a record of your schedule when you were working, and we may
retain any data a Company provided to us about you that is required to be
retained by the Company under law or regulation or in pursuance of Company’s
legitimate business interests in maintaining records of Workers and schedules.
Privacy of
Minors
We are
committed to protecting the privacy of children.
The
Platform and its content are not directed to children under the age of 13 and Users
must be at least 13 years old in order to access and use the Platform. In the
event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child
under age 16 without parental consent, we will delete that information as
quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information
collected from a child without parental consent, please contact us at
privacy@opensimsim.com
.
If you are
under 18 years of age, you may request to delete user content that you posted
to the Platform such that your personal information will not be identifiable
publicly on our Platform by contacting us at
privacy@opensimsim.com
.
While
we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to delete your user content
upon request, please be aware that due to the nature of our Platform, you may
not be able to completely remove all of your personally identifiable user
content if, for example, that content has been stored, republished, or reposted
by another user or a third party. We may also maintain your information in
identifiable form for our internal use, even if your personal data is no longer
visible to the public on our Platform.
California
Residents
California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice
describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties
for those entities direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident
with an established business relationship with OpenSimSim, California Civil
Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the
disclosure of your Personal Information by OpenSimSim to third parties for
their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please
contact us directly at privacy@opensimsim.com.
EU Residents
OpenSimSim processes personal data only on documented instructions
from the controller, including with regard to transfers of personal data to a
third country or an international organisation, unless required to do so by
Union or Member State law to which the processor is subject; in such a case,
the processor shall inform the controller of that legal requirement before
processing, unless that law prohibits such information on important grounds of
public interest;
OpenSimSim ensures that persons authorised to process the personal
data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate
statutory obligation of confidentiality;
OpenSimSim takes Technical and Organizational measures in accordance
with Article 32 of the GDPR
OpenSimSim respects the conditions referred to in paragraphs 2 and
4 of Article 28.3 of the GDPR for engaging another processor;
OpenSimSim will use commercially reasonable efforts, insofar as
this is possible, for the fulfilment of the controller's obligation to respond
to requests for exercising the data subject's rights laid down in
Chapter
III of the GPDR
;
OpenSimSim assists the controller in ensuring compliance with the
obligations pursuant to
Articles 32 to 36
of the GDPR taking
into account the nature of processing and the information available to the
processor;
OpenSimSim will, at the choice of the controller, which should be
exercised via the Platform or by emailing the choice to privacy@opensimsim.com,
delete or return all the personal data to the controller after the end of the
provision of services relating to processing, and will delete existing copies
unless Union or Member State law requires storage of the personal data;
OpenSimSim will make available to the controller all information
necessary to demonstrate compliance with the obligations laid down in Article
28.3 of the GDPR and allow for and contribute to audits, including inspections,
conducted by the controller or another auditor mandated by the controller.
You may view a full list of third party data processors who may be
involved in processing your personal data at
https://oss.ws/3party
.
Security and
Storage of Information
OpenSimSim
cares about the security of your information and employs physical,
administrative, and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity
and security of all information we collect and store.
However, no
security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our
systems 100%.
Accordingly, we do not guarantee the security of our databases,
nor that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to
us over the Internet or other network.  Any information you transmit
to OpenSimSim, you transmit at your own risk.
In
the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of
a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the
situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may
have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable
laws and regulations.
Your
information collected through the Platform may be stored and processed in the
United States or any other country in which OpenSimSim or its subsidiaries,
affiliates or Platform providers maintain facilities, or any country where an
employer is located. You consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or
any other country in which Company, your employer, or either entity’s parent, subsidiaries,
affiliates or Platform providers maintain facilities.  You also consent to the
use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy
Policy.
Updates to
this Policy
We reserve
the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any
changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the "Last Updated" date above,
and will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page and we will provide
notice to you of the update. If you object to
any changes,
you may close your account. Continuing to use the Platform after we publish
changes to this Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes.
Contacting
Us
If you have
questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@opensimsim.com
or write to us at:
OpenSimSim,
Inc.
ATTN:
Privacy Policy Inquiry
6965 El
Camino Real, Suite 105-550
Carlsbad, CA,
92009
USA