Available on the
App Store
and on the
Play Store
.
Welcome to OrthoFlow…the orthopaedic specialist in your pocket! This new way of learning is designed to help you diagnose and manage orthopaedic trauma with simple, easy to understand decision ‘Flows’ that quickly guide you to the correct diagnosis and management plan. With hundreds of unique diagrams and illustrations accompanying evidence based, clinically relevant information, OrthoFlow provides the knowledge you need for trauma and orthopaedics.
Developed by orthopaedic surgeons for all healthcare professionals who work with trauma & orthopaedic patients, this app allows you to access the decision making process of an orthopaedic specialist simply by turning on your phone.
If you work with orthopaedic trauma patients in primary care, accident & emergency, on an orthopaedic ward or in a fracture clinic, this app will provide you with quick, practical, easy to access knowledge to help you diagnose, formulate a management plan and understand the basic science of the injury you are treating.
Starting with the OrthoFlow skeleton, simply select the anatomical area of interest and follow the Flow… In a few clicks you’ll have your diagnosis and an easy to understand management plan.
Sorted! But what happens if someone asks you questions about the injury??
Don’t worry, we’ve got that covered too…
In the ‘Bare Bones’ section, common and relevant conditions and principles such as Compartment Syndrome, Open Fractures, Peripheral Nerves and Fixation Principles are covered so that you can hit the ground running. In the ‘Trauma Meeting’ section, we break down each injury into the relevant Anatomy, Investigations, Classification systems, Management options, Eponymous syndromes and much more…
If you are a medical student, intern, foundation doctor, surgical trainee, resident, registrar, emergency physician, nurse, physician’s assistant, nurse practitioner and you work with orthopaedic trauma… use OrthoFlow, the orthopaedic specialist in your pocket!
We actively take on board all suggestions for content and improvement and look forward to receiving your feedback – please email us
support@orthoflow.org
Latest version update coming soon!
That’s right, after 2 years of hard work, v1.5 will be hitting your iOS device very soon (we’re working on the Android update). This update will include an improved user interface, compatibility with the latest iPhones, and a new search function for the trauma meeting and patient consent indexes.
More updates are in the works, so watch this space.
Last updated: 7th June 2021
PRIVACY POLICY
Mediflow (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates
http://www.orthoflow.org
(the “Site”) and the OrthoFlow app (the “App”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site and the App.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site and the App. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Site or App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many Site or App operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this.
Advertising
The App may collect and/or transmit the Android advertising ID. We do not provide any users personal data to any third party for the use of advertising. There is no advertising within the App.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that …
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 19
th
September 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service, Site or App after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@orthoflow.org
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE
1 – General Terms & Conditions
Through the download and/or use of the ‘Orthoflow’ application, the user acknowledges and accepts that they are aware and agree with the terms, conditions and disclaimers set out here. The user furthermore acknowledges that they understand the terms, conditions and disclaimers set out here and agree to be bound by them. Mediflow may at any time modify or amend these terms, conditions and disclaimers and as the user you further agree to be bound by these modifications and/or amendments. Should the user disagree with, not understand or be unaware of the terms, conditions and disclaimers set out here they should not access nor use the application.
2 – No Advice
The ‘Orthoflow’ application is designed for use by appropriately qualified and registered medical practitioners only. It is not designed for and should not be used by laypersons under any circumstances in any capacity.
The ‘Orthoflow’ application is designed as an offline, off-duty educational resource in the same way any text or reference book is used. It is intended for informative and educational purposes and does not give professional advice nor advise specific  techniques, tests, procedures, therapies or interventions.
The techniques, tests, procedures, therapies, interventions and information contained within the application should only ever be used in an appropriate clinical environment by an appropriately qualified and registered medical practitioner.
The ‘Orthoflow’ application and information contained within is not intended to present the best or the only techniques, tests, procedures, therapies, interventions or information available.
Mediflow and the ‘Orthoflow’ application does not give specific advice for individual patients and the information contained within the application should not be construed as such.
The application of knowledge in a clinical environment depends on experience, training, clinical judgement and the specifics of an individual case. This cannot be replaced by any text or reference book. In the same way, the techniques, tests, procedures, therapies, interventions and information contained within the ‘Orthoflow’ application should not be applied or used unless in the judgement of the medical professional doing so the risk is justified according to their knowledge and experience. Application or use of techniques, tests, procedures, therapies, interventions and information contained within the ‘Orthoflow’ application is the professional responsibility of the medical professional doing so at their own risk and they should further ensure they do not contravene any local laws, regulations, guidelines, policies, protocols or medical practice that applies.
The medical sciences advance rapidly and therefore Mediflow recommend that independent verification of techniques, tests, procedures, therapies, interventions, drugs, dosages, operative methods and information should be made before any action is taken.
All information contained within the ‘Orthoflow’ application is intended for off-duty use only. It should not be used while carrying out medical assessments, evaluations, examinations, interventions or procedures.
Laypersons should consult an appropriately qualified medical practitioner before making any decisions about their health or treatment.
3 – No Warranty
The medical sciences advance rapidly and therefore while great care has been taken to establish, ensure and maintain the accuracy of any material or information contained within this application at the time of its publication, Mediflow does not give any warranty or assurances regarding the content, accuracy, completeness, timelessness, compliance with local laws, regulations, guidelines, policies, protocols or medical practice, nor to the fitness of this material or information for any particular purpose. All information contained within the ‘Orthoflow’ application is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind expressed or implied.
Any statements about products or medications in this application are only the view and opinion of the Mediflow group and do not represent an endorsement or evaluation of, nor a warranty for, these products or medications. These statements may not be used in advertising or for any commercial purposes.
Any pictures, illustrations, figures, diagrams or graphical representations within the ‘Orthoflow’ application are digitised reproductions of the original images. These images are interpretations of anatomy or concepts and not designed or intended to represent true anatomical relationships or ratios, they are not designed or intended to be to scale.
When any link to an external resource or website is included within the application, Mediflow is not responsible for and has no control over the content of such links. Information available via hypertext link from the application is made available without responsibility on the part of Mediflow.
No warranty or assurance is given by Mediflow regarding the function, compatibility, operation or quality of this application. The application and future support for existing versions of the application may at any time be inaccessible, delayed, restricted, interrupted or withdrawn for any reason.
4 – No Liability
Mediflow hereby disclaims any and all responsibility for any damages or losses (including, without limitation, personal injury, financial loss, damages for loss of business projects, loss of profits or other consequential losses) arising, directly or indirectly, in contract, tort or otherwise from the use of or inability to use the ‘Orthoflow’ application or any information or material contained within the application. Mediflow shall have no liability whatsoever for direct or indirect, special or consequential damages resulting in any way from the use of or inability to use information or material contained within the application or from any action or decision taken as a result of using this application or any information or material contained within the application. Any decisions or actions taken are done so by the individual user accepting the entire risk of those decisions or actions.
5 – Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, all intellectual property rights (included, but not limited to copyright, database rights and similar rights) in all material published in the ‘Orthoflow’ application are owned by Mediflow. Mediflow reserves all its intellectual property rights. Prints or download extracts from this material as well as any other reproductions are permitted for educational and research purposes only. None of the information, images or other material contained within the ‘Orthoflow’ application may be used for any commercial purpose whatsoever.
No part of, or any material appearing within this application may be reproduced, stored in, or transmitted on any other web application (including intranet) nor is it permitted to create any derivative works based on the works within this application without the express written permission of the Mediflow directors.
In particular, no pictures, illustrations, figures, diagrams or graphical representations within the ‘Orthoflow’ application may be used for any purpose other than education or research and may not be used for any commercial purpose. All use of these pictures, illustrations, figures, diagrams or graphical representations for educational or research purposes outside the ‘Orthoflow’ application should include a reference to their origin from the ‘Orthoflow’ application.
6 – Infringement and Indemnification
If any user does not comply with these terms and conditions, Mediflow reserves the right to suspend or eliminate that user from accessing the application and to take any legal action we feel appropriate.
Any third person using this application is represented by the original user and is contractually bound by them to these terms, conditions and disclaimers.
The user agrees to defend, indemnify and hold Mediflow harmless from any and all liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, related to any violation of these terms and conditions.
7 – No Right to Visit the Application
Unless expressly stated in this or another written agreement between Mediflow and the user, Mediflow has no legal duty to you and may at any time and without giving warning or grounds prevent you from visiting the application and using the information and material contained within.
8 – Miscellaneous
The parties of this agreement are and shall remain independent. This agreement does not create any partnership, joint venture or similar relationship between the parties.
Should any one or multiple provisions of this agreement be invalid or unenforceable, all remaining provisions shall remain valid. In the place of any and each invalid provision, a valid provision is presumed to be agreed upon by the parties, which comes economically closest to the one actually agreed upon.
Mastodon
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook