Version 1.1 | March 21
st
, 2017
WHAT DOES THIS DOCUMENT CONTAIN?
For the proper functioning of this app, it is necessary to collect and process certain information obtained from the device where it has been installed. This information enables us to improve the app, to optimally tailor the content to each user, or to contact the user if necessary. In order to make our concern for our users’ privacy clear, we have adopted this Privacy Policy which explains in a simple and comprehensible language the manner in which we collect, store, use and disclose the information users entrust us with.
These Privacy Policies attempt to cover the widest possible range of scenarios, including many cases in which the app does not even collect nor process the information described within these Privacy Policies.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE APP COLLECT?
This application collects the necessary information for the normal functioning of our business. Under no circumstance do we collect personal information with malicious intentions.
The app does not collect you name nor your last name, therefore any information collected by the app won’t be associated directly with you and it will be handled anonymously. The app may collect an e-mail address and phone number and store it in order to contact the user if so necessary.
We may combine this information with other information about you collected from other sources (e.g. apps or websites).
2. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
The App may collect two types of information: (1) non-personal, anonymous information collected automatically, or (2) personally identifiable information (PII) collected manually after receiving the user’s consent.
Non-personal information collected automatically
Technical information, which includes certain information or characteristics regarding the operating system, including the type of ISP or the type of browser used, the Internet Protocol (IP), the IP address and the names and versions of the applications installed on the device, as well as the geographical location of the device (including GPS coordinates). Technical information such as the foregoing stays anonymous; in other words, it does not personally identify you or is stored together with any other information that may link it to the user itself, except when the user submits additional information voluntarily.
This information shall be used to improve the application, learning how, when and where the user browses on it.
Information freely provided by the user
If at any moment the app were to request Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that would allow us to contact him, such as his name or mobile phone number, the user shall be free to provide such information. However:
If you share your PII over an open format (for example, over social networks), the information we obtained will not be protected by this privacy policy.
The PII will not include any type of information collected by the application by any means other than this application which contains the privacy policy. This means that the information collected anyplace else other than on this application will not be protected by this Privacy Policy. It is worth noting that, in any case the app were to offer links to other applications, we shall not be liable for the content, activity or information contained therein.
The following shall be considered Personal Information:
Demographic information such as age or birthdate, nationality, educational level, sex, interests or characteristics.
User information such as the username or password, confidential replies to certain security questions, or similar information that enables us to uniquely identify your account or authenticate it before providing personal information about the user account.
Most of these data may be obtained when the app offers a social login functionality, and the user accepts such a login in the app by using a social account. In some cases, the app automatically logs into the user’s social account associated with the device, and the user accepts to perform such a login by using this app.
3. WHAT HAPPENS WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM MINORS?
This application does not collect personal information from children under 13 years old. We take the privacy of minors seriously, and encourage the parents to play an active role in their children’s online education at all times. Children under 13 should not install our application on any device of their belonging, and if they do, it will be under the full responsibility of their parents or guardians. In case we obtain personal information from a child under 13 years old, we shall take measures to erase the information supplied from our server. In case the content of this application has been rated as suitable for children under 13, it should be installed exclusively on devices belonging to the parents, guardians, or any other person over 13 years old. If the application were to request personal information at any time, children under 13 should never enter such information.
4. HOW DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect personally identifiable information (PII), demographic information and user information from our users when they:
Sign up to our application.
Participate in surveys, studies or questionnaires.
Participate in offers or promotions.
In addition to the aforementioned information, we use cookies to collect user information when they visit our application. Cookies are information that a website or application sends to the device while browsing the application. For example, when you decide to return to our application after signing up, cookies provide us information so that our server remembers who you are. You are offered the opportunity to accept or reject cookies depending on the configuration of your device through the configuration options. If you reject receiving, or decide to delete the cookies, access to certain services may not work properly.
5. HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US?
We use the information we collect on the application as follows:
Personalize and improve you experience, and enable us to supply you with the type of contents and offers that best suit your interests.
Deliver, provide and repair products or services.
Send notices such as welcome letters, purchase confirmations, payment warnings or administrative regulations.
Create and maintain user accounts and your history.
Contact you in regards to our products or services and send you the best offers and promotions depending on your interests.
Study the statistics of our online platform.
Inform our customer service employees.
Create your online account and authenticate it during your user login.
Swiftly process your information requests.
Enable us to efficiently reply to your inquiries.
Analyse a promotion or survey.
Send you promotional material.
Enable us to share the information with third party companies under the terms set forth by these privacy policies and with the purposes described in the foregoing items, as permitted by the law.
6. WHO DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WITH?
This application may monetize your information (in some cases), by giving it up to third parties in the following situations:
When the app is monetized via advertisements, advertisement networks and/or the advertisers provide advertisements that may require certain user or device information from the user in order to offer the most appropriate advertisement, or that which may interest him the most. This app can be monitized through these ad networks: Google or Mobincube, which mediates with these other networks Startapp, Airpush, Tappx, Facebook, Amazon, Google o Docomo, and some others.
When we hire companies to perform and optimise marketing campaigns or advertisements and manage and study consumer data. These companies are authorized to obtain just the PII and user information that is strictly necessary in order to accomplish the task entrusted to them, being completely forbidden the use of any type of information for any means other than that which was agreed upon. They have also agreed to store the confidential information in a secure location. In case this application employs an advertisement network, such network is required to agree not to make fraudulent use of the data granted for the regular performance of their activities. This app works with Mobimento Mobile S.L. in regards with these kind of tasks, and Mobimento Mobile has agreements with these companies: LiveRamp Inc., Safegraph Inc., Place IQ Inc., Beleader Internet Marketing S.L.
When we employ independent advertisement networks to display our application’s advertising banner when visiting third party websites. In order to make it more efficient, the advertisement network may use and incorporate into your device certain technology, such as cookies, in order to collect non-personal information from you when you visit our application. This information is used to display advertisements involving goods and services that best suit your interests when visiting other websites.
We often evaluate (sometimes with the assistance of outsourced companies) how our online content and services are performing. The information disclosed for this purpose will remain at the company’s server and will be limited to use for professional purposes. Under no circumstance the PII or the user information shall be shared except for the purposes mentioned above.
When disclosure of information is required by law, or is targeted at protecting application security, this application has the right to disclose any information collected, no matter when such information was collected. We will just perform such an information disclosure when permitted or required by law, or when we consider there are motives that are in good faith: (I) in order to protect your security, even that of your property, (ii) to protect the security of your applications or third parties, and (iii) to enforce the terms of use, updates or promotions.
LiveRamp Inc.
LiveRamp might place a cookie on your Internet browser that provides a de-identified, non-human readable version of your email address to use for matching to other data about you to improve the relevance of online advertising and personalisation. Your actual email address is at no time shared with LiveRamp. To find out more and how to opt out click here:
http://liveramp.com/service-privacy-policy/
.
To opt-out of third party cookies, please go to
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
or Your Online Choices at
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
. To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
7. WILL THERE BE THIRD PARTIES WHO COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOUR APPLICATIONS?
There are certain situations where a third party may collect information about the application. This app uses third-party libraries that offer certain features: analysis tools, communication tools, social networks, advertisers, etc.
Analysis tools: in order to improve the application, we sometimes use tools that analyse the behaviour of users. In this way, we can better learn which parts of the application are more important and which need to be improved.
Communication tools: in case we need to communicate with users at any time, we integrate third-party tools that provide such a communication, whether via push notifications, e-mails, in-app alerts, etc.
Social networks: if your app connects to any social network at any time, it will request your authorization. Once the connection has been authorized, the social network shall be able to access certain information.
Advertising networks: in case this app were to show advertisements, they normally originate from advertising networks that connect with the advertisers. These networks need certain information in order to offer the most appropriate ad to you.
This application reserves the right to provide certain user information to companies who collaborate with us, or to software developers who provide some app feature. We provide this type of access to such companies with the purpose of generating interest in our products among the members with whom we have some form of agreement, so as to be able to offer the kind of product we offer to you and your friends. The information collected by us shall be treated as per the terms of this Privacy Policy, but the use of the information by a third party shall be treated as per their own standards. This application does not guarantee that the other party complies with its security policy.
8. WHAT KIND OF SECURITY MEASURES DO WE TAKE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Safety and confidentiality of your information are extremely important for us. Therefore, we have technical, administrative and physical security measures with the purpose of protecting your personal information against unauthorized access and fraudulent use. We also periodically revise our security system in order to incorporate technological novelties and updating methods. However, in spite of our efforts, no security measure is completely perfect or infallible.
You can also play an important role in keeping your information stored securely. If you are requested to create a unique password in order to restrict access to your account, choose a password that is difficult to find out by other users, and be careful not to disclose it to anyone. It is your responsibility to keep your password and account information at all times. If you use a public or shared mobile device, never opt to save your user and always close your account’s session once you no longer use the device.
Lastly, in regards to the companies that have an agreement in place with this application, we require them to accept to protect our confidentiality, integrity and security terms over any personal information we disclose to them. When your personal information is disclosed or simultaneously collected by a third party as mentioned above, it will either be obvious to you considering the context (such as the appearance of a third party on the phone’s screen), or you will be notified when the personal information is requested. Furthermore, you will be given the opportunity to accept or decline these kinds of practices before they begin. As set forth in section 3 of this Privacy Policy, we do not collect personal information of minor children under 13 years old, and we inform them that under no circumstance should they use our tool. In this manner, this application shall not disclose information collected from children under 13 to any company that has signed a collaboration agreement.
In case we detected that some of our technological partners endangered your integrity or used your information to perform any illegal action, we shall take the proper measures to sever the relationship with such a provider.
9. HOW CAN YOU MAKE AN INQUIRY OR SEND US COMMENTS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY?
If you have any sort of inquiry or wish to contact us in order to clarify any matter, please send us an e-mail at the developer’s address, which you will find at the website where you downloaded this app.
10. HOW WILL YOU KNOW IF WE MODIFY OUR PRIVACY POLICIES?
This application reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, even though such a revision is not commonplace. Any policy change will usually be accompanied by an update in the application’s version. At the beginning of these policies you can find the version number and the date when they have been revised. In case we carry out a material change in the way we collect, use or share personal information, we shall add such changes to a new version of these policies.
11. CLARIFICATION REGARDING THE USE OF THE ANDROID ADVERTISEMENT ID (AAID)
Version 4.0 of Google Play services has introduced new APIs and an identifier code (ID) that analysis and advertisement providers may use. The terms of use of these APIs and this ID are detailed below:
Use.
The advertising identifier is used for advertising and user analysis purposes. The state of the option to disable advertisement based on user interests must be checked in each access to the ID.
Association with personally identifiable information or other identifiers.
The advertising identifier is not connected to personally identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example, SSAID, MAC address or IMEI) without explicit consent of the user.
Respecting users’ selections.
After reset, a new advertising identifier is not connected to a previous advertising identifier or data derived from a previous advertising identifier without the explicit consent of the user. Additionally, an option to disable advertisement based on user interests is offered. If a user has enabled this setting, the advertising identifier for creating user profiles for advertising purposes or for targeting users with interest-based advertising is not used. Allowed activities include contextual advertising, frequency capping, conversion tracking, reporting and fraud detection and security.
Abiding by the terms of use.
The advertising identifier may only be used in accordance with these terms, including the use by any party that you may share it with during your business activities. Beginning August 1
st
, 2014, all updates and new applications uploaded to the Play Store must use the advertising ID (when available on a device) in lieu of any other device identifier with advertising purposes.
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Gmail
Share
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://liveramp.com/service-privacy-policy/:
Overview
General Privacy Information and Policies
Our Collection of Personal Information
Our Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
Our Business Purposes for Collecting and Sharing Personal Information
Operating (and marketing) our Services
Other operational purposes
When We Act as a Service Provider/Processor
Security
Our Opt out Options
Disclosures and Policies Specific to certain US States and Other Countries
Policies Specific to Residents of Certain US States
California Rights and Choices
Nevada Rights and Choices
Policies Specific to
the EU/UK Countries
European Data Protection Regulation
Canada Privacy Rights and Choices
Mexico Privacy Rights and Choices
Our Contact Options
Overview
LiveRamp is a data connectivity platform leveraged by companies, such as brands and their partners, to deliver relevant advertising and marketing. Our business provides the technology to move data safely and securely between various parties, such as advertisers and the platforms that host ads.
LiveRamp allows companies to enhance and activate their data across online and offline channels, primarily for marketing purposes. For instance, a sports clothing store might receive email addresses from its shoppers. This enables the store to send emails to its shoppers regarding offers or updates, but doesn’t enable it to communicate tailored offerings to its shoppers through different channels, or enable the store to understand the effectiveness of its online marketing.
LiveRamp enables the sports clothing store to transform the information provided directly by its customers into other identifiers, such as the advertising IDs at platforms that engage in online advertising. This enables the store to use (and sometimes to share) its data much more flexibly, such as serving digital advertisements on their customers’ devices, understanding how those digital advertising campaigns impact in-store sales, or discovering additional customer traits (for instance “interest in outdoors”) by appending 2nd- and 3rd-party data sets to its customer list.
Though the information in this notice is accurate regardless of where you reside, more specific information and access to some data rights described in geographically-defined regulations, such as state-specific privacy rights or the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), may be available depending on your jurisdiction.
In the below sections, we describe:
General Privacy Information and Policies
Our Collection of Personal Information
– the categories of personal information that we collect, and the types of sources we collect it from.
Our Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
– the categories of recipients to whom we disclose or sell personal information.
Our Business Purposes for Collecting and Selling or Disclosing Personal Information
When We Act as a Service Provider/Processor
– processing client data on behalf of the client
Security
– our commitment to security best practices
Our Opt Out Options
– how you may stop LiveRamp data collection and use
Disclosures and Policies Specific to Certain States and other Countries.
Our Contact Options
– how you may communicate with us
The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use personal information:
Our Collection of Personal Information
LiveRamp collects certain categories of personal information in connection with our products. For the purposes of this notice, personal information is broadly defined as information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked  with a particular consumer or device. This includes offline identifiers such as a postal address (i.e., directly identifiable data (DII) or personally identifiable information (PII)), as well as online identifiers associated with devices (i.e., non-PII), such as a browser cookie or mobile advertising ID.
Cookies are one example of an online identifier, which our business model relies on in particular: they are small, unique text files stored on the browser of your computer (or another internet-connected device) to identify the device. Cookies contain information that helps improve site functionality and security, but can also be used for advertising, analytics, and other commercial purposes which span multiple sites. 1st-party cookies are cookies set by the website owner; 3rd-party cookies are cookies set by parties other than the website owner. In its products, LiveRamp both places 3rd-party cookies and leverages its partners’ 1st-party cookies.
On web browsers, LiveRamp may collect and store data using 3rd-party cookies that it places, and in some cases multiple types of identifiers may be collected in the course of a single action. LiveRamp cookie domain names include both “rlcdn” and “pippio”.
When you are logged in to one of our partner websites (or sometimes, if you open emails from them), that partner may sell or share personal information collected from you, such as your email, cookies set on your browser, IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with LiveRamp. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing your device. This code may be placed in our partners’ cookie and for use in online and cross-channel advertising (including targeted advertising and email marketing), or LiveRamp may connect it to LiveRamp’s own 3rd-party cookie and other identifiers. In addition, by associating an email address with a cookie, LiveRamp and third parties can link your browsing activity across different websites and other applications and services to your specific device associated with the email address, identifying the user behind the device. This means that, even when browsing unrelated sites, your online activity can be connected to you for advertising and other marketing-related purposes, including email marketing and offline advertising. As technological capabilities increase, the ability of any consumer to maintain a state of not being known online will inevitably decline.
The personal data and identifiers we collect (for instance, a cookie ID) may be linked to other personal data and identifiers through known associations and/or identity resolution (for instance, an identifier derived from or associated with a hashed email address and LiveRamp cookie 1234 might be associated with partner cookie 5678), and shared with advertising partners and other third party advertising companies for the purpose of enabling interest-based content or targeted advertising throughout your online and offline experiences (e.g., web, TV [MVPDs], connected TV, mobile applications, email marketing and other media). These third parties may in turn use this identifier to link demographic or interest-based information you have provided in your interactions with them. Note that LiveRamp does not itself provide the service of targeted advertising (sometimes referred to as “cross-context advertising”) but, rather, processes and transfers data to an advertiser’s advertising platform so that platform can provide targeted advertising services. You have the right to express a choice regarding LiveRamp using this data for the above purposes.
To opt out of this use we have several options:
Information about opt out options can be found
here
.
Note: For information about state specific rights and opt outs, please find the section titled “Policies Specific to Residents of Certain States” at the bottom of this privacy notice. To get directly to instructions for exercising rights offered by certain states, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
,
The categories of information LiveRamp may collect about you when it acts as a “business” or “controller” of personal information, as well as how we collect and use such categories of information, are summarized in the table below.  Note that we often receive information from our clients, for instance about their own customers:  when we receive this information, we are only a “processor” or “service provider” (under state laws that use that terminology) – in other words, a vendor – and that information therefore is not specifically described below or elsewhere in this policy.
Generally speaking, we collect and disclose the Personal Information that we collect for the purposes of building products and providing services for advertisers (and ad and data platforms that service advertisers) related to facilitating marketing, advertising, analytics, attribution, fraud detection, and reporting. This includes:
Generally, creating marketing and advertising tools and products for our clients, as more fully described in our websites. This includes our provision of online or other “connected” datasets, campaign measurement reports and tools
, data “appends” (connecting data across partner data sets and marketing channels), and data hygiene services (helping customers to evaluate, organize, validate and correct personal information they hold).
Assisting our clients through our Services to provide their current and prospective customers with better communications, improved offerings, and special promotions:  for instance, advising on which current or prospective customers are most likely to be interested (or disinterested) in certain offers.
For creating modeled audiences to which our clients can market their products and services. For example, a sports clothing company might be looking for new potential customers who are likely to be interested in athletic wear. The sports clothing company can use our services and products to analyze characteristics (i.e., demographics, expressed interests) about their customers and identify other customers that share similar characteristics.
To facilitate the delivery of our clients’ marketing and advertisements to current and prospective customers. For example, a sports clothing company may have its own lists of email addresses, cookies or other identifiers associated with customers who have previously purchased sports clothing from them. The sports clothing company may wish to send a discount offer to these customers. The sports clothing company can use our products and services to deliver the company’s lists of customers/prospects to their advertising platform partners, matched to that platform’s own digital identifiers. Note that LiveRamp does not itself provide the service of targeted advertising (sometimes referred to as “cross-context advertising”) but, rather, processes and transfers data to an advertiser’s advertising platform so that platform can provide targeted advertising services.
For supporting clients and partners to connect your preferences across the various browsers and/or devices you use to more accurately market to you. For example, you are logged in to multiple devices (such as your desktop, your smartphone, and your tablet) using the same login and have clicked on a sports clothing company’s online advertisement on at least one of those devices. The sports clothing company can thus display more consistent offers to you via automated technologies (such as a cookie ID or a publisher’s advertising ID) on your different devices
or marketing channels.
We enable advertisers to track your visits to websites and your exposure to ads online. For example, when you visit a website or see an ad, this activity can be tracked using device identifiers like cookies. If you log in to one of our partner sites, these cookies can be linked to your email address. By connecting the cookies on your device with your email, advertisers can recognize that you visited a certain website or saw a particular ad even when you are not logged in at the time. This helps them measure how effective their ads are and allows them to deliver more personalized ads to you, both online and offline.
For use in the analytics and measurement of performance of our clients’ advertising campaigns. For example, a sports clothing company wants to better understand if its website advertisements for a new line of sports clothing contributed to an increase in sales. Our services and products can help the advertiser to analyze how many ads were viewed and clicked, and if the consumer purchased any of the advertiser’s sports clothing.
To provide a platform for advertisers to find data partners that help the advertiser to personalize advertisements to you, such as through website and email personalization or dynamic marketing and advertising optimization. For example, if you have previously indicated an interest in sports clothing to a data partner, we provide a platform for the data partner to provide this information to the advertiser. The advertiser then uses this information to personalize ads to you when you visit their website.
To sell personal data to unaffiliated third parties for their own commercial use, including to build marketing-related products and services similar to those described above and specifically including:
Online Interest-Based Advertising: To enable third parties to deliver audiences for online advertising
Measurement: To enable third parties to conduct offline and online campaign measurement, analytics, and development of marketing insights
Personalization: To enable third parties to personalize their products and services, including website optimization, email personalization and dynamic marketing and advertising optimization
Linkage: To enable third parties to link profiles and segments across the various browsers and/or devices
Modeling: To enable third parties to create modeled online and offline audiences for marketing
Onboarding: To enable third parties to associate first party data data to certain third party identifiers in order to deliver marketing and advertising services
Our Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information
We will sell and share the information collected about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties, including our customers. The chart below describes how and with whom we sell, share, or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months.
NOTICE: LiveRamp, the owner of this website, may sell your sensitive data. Florida’s Digital Bill of Rights considers data collected from persons under the age of 18 to be sensitive data.
We also may share any of the personal information we collect as follows:
Sharing for Legal Purposes:
In addition, we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal processes or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Notice, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes.
Sharing In Event of a Corporate Transaction:
We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.
Sharing With Service Providers:
We may share personal information with our service providers who process it on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. This may include, for instance, providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal data about children under the age of 16. Our websites and systems are not designed for use by individuals under the age of 18, and in particular are not designed for children under the age of 16. If we learn we have collected or obtained personal data of someone under 16, we will delete that information from our database. If you believe that this has occurred, please contact the
US Privacy Team
.
Our Business and Commercial Purposes for Collecting and Sharing Personal Information
Generally speaking, we collect and disclose the Personal Information that we collect for business purposes including:
Operating (and marketing) our Services
For example:
Improving, testing, updating and verifying our own database.
Developing new products.
Operating, analyzing, improving, and securing our Services.
We also may use email addresses and other personal information we receive in our corporate capacity to communicate with or market to organizations that we believe may benefit from our Services.
Other operational purposes
For example:
Auditing
Detecting security incidents
Debugging
Short-term and transient use
Performing services
Internal research
Quality control
Legal compliance
When We Act as a Service Provider/Processor
We may receive, handle and process personal information on behalf of our clients, in order to provide services to those clients. This may include, for instance, information about our clients’ customers or prospective customers, or about other consumers our clients have interacted with. This is information we access as a “processor” or “service provider”. This information is not owned by LiveRamp, and thus is not subject to the processes or choices described in this or related policies. To exercise your rights with respect to that information, you must contact whichever company or organization is the “controller” or “business” that holds it.
Security
LiveRamp has implemented security measures, including physical, technical and operational safeguards, designed to prevent the unauthorized access to or acquisition of personal information in our possession. However, no security measures are 100 percent effective. Thus (like other platforms and websites) we cannot guarantee such safeguards in securing all information from any such event or preventing harm that might arise.
Our Opt out Options
LiveRamp offers several ways to opt out of the personal information that LiveRamp controls being shared with or sold to others (and/or used for targeted advertising) through our products and services. These options are explained and accessible
here
.
Please note that there are specific opt out choices available depending on your location (i.e., Australia, EU, and applicable US State Laws) by following the instructions on the opt out page.
Regarding cookies used on LiveRamp.com websites, you may opt out of selling, sharing, or disclosure of personal data for targeted advertising by rejecting cookies through the cookie banner that pops up on our websites, by setting your “Cookie Preferences” on our
Your Privacy Choices
page or by enabling the
Global Privacy Control
signal on a compatible browser. Further, LiveRamp is a member of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and
Digital Advertising Alliance Canada
(DAAC) and adheres to the DAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Multi-Site Data, as well as related guidance. LiveRamp subscribes to the DAA’s industry-wide cookie opt out mechanism that can be found
here
and its mobile device ID opt out available through its AppChoices app. Consumers who choose to opt out through these DAA mechanisms do not need to opt out of the equivalent mechanism with LiveRamp.
Keep in mind that opting out of LiveRamp through our opt out channels or through the DAA does not disable advertisements altogether. Instead, opting out means that LiveRamp services will no longer be used to facilitate targeted advertising to your browser, device, or email address. In other words, you will still see advertisements and receive email marketing, but they may be less relevant to you.
If you create a new email address, reset the mobile advertising ID on your device, or use a new browser, you will need to apply the appropriate opt out to that new email address, new device ID, and/or new browser as opt outs are not necessarily transferred between email addresses, browsers, or devices.
As a Business representative, you can manage your email marketing preferences with us by clicking
here
. This will opt you out of LiveRamp and RampUp Sponsor email marketing.
Disclosures and Policies Specific to certain US States and Other Countries
Policies Specific to Residents of Certain US States
US State Privacy Rights and Choices
Residents of certain US states, like Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah and Virginia, are provided specific rights regarding their personal information. To review information specific to residents of these states, including how to exercise your right to access, correct, opt out, and delete personal data, or appeal LiveRamp’s decision to not process a request, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
California Rights and Choices
California law provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. To review information specific to California residents, please review our standalone California privacy notice, accessible
here
. To get directly to information about exercising rights afforded by California law, including how to exercise your right to access, correct, opt out, and delete personal information, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
Nevada Rights and Choices
Nevada residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal data from LiveRamp to third parties. To exercise this right, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
Texas Required Data Broker Disclosure
The entity maintaining this website is a data broker under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website.
Policies Specific to EU/UK Countries
For information specific to EU/UK countries, please select the link relevant to your country:
United Kingdom
,
France
,
Germany
,
Italy
, the
Netherlands
,
Spain
.
European Data Protection Regulation
LiveRamp European entities are subject to privacy and security frameworks called the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act (together, the
“European Data Protection Regulation”
). It imposes a number of obligations on data controllers and data processors and affords data subjects a number of important rights. This document is intended to provide transparency regarding LiveRamp operations in the United States (“LiveRamp”) as required by the European Data Protection Regulation.
LiveRamp acts as both a “Data Controller” and a “Data Processor” under the European Data Protection Regulation. LiveRamp acts as a data controller with respect to personal data about its employees in the EU and the UK (i.e., human resource data), personal data it collects from its clients and prospective clients (i.e., customer relationship management data).
For some transfers, LiveRamp relies on: (i) Standard Contractual Clauses from the European Commission to cover international data transfers between the European Union, and the US; and (ii) the IDTA (the International Data Transfer Agreement) issued by the ICO to cover international data transfers between the UK and the US, in order to ensure data security and integrity.
For other transfers, LiveRamp complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about how we collect, use, and retain your personal information when you use our Services in the European Union or member countries, please
Data Privacy Framework notice
.
If you have queries and/or wish to exercise any of your rights in regards of the European Data Protection Regulation, please click on the following links:
For France or any other EU country, contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
For the UK, visit our
Your Rights Page
.
Canada Privacy Rights and Choices
For information about exercising privacy rights and choices in Canada, please review our Canadian consumer rights portal
here
.
Mexico Privacy Rights and Choices
For information about exercising privacy rights and choices in Mexico, please review our Mexico privacy notice
here
.
Derechos y opciones de privacidad de México
Para obtener información sobre cómo ejercer los derechos y opciones de privacidad en México, consulte nuestro aviso de privacidad de México
aquí
.
Our Contact Options
If you have any questions or comments about LiveRamp’s privacy policies and practices or your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us through the following methods:
Asia Pacific
Asia Pacific Countries, email
apaclegal@liveramp.com
Online:
Australia Privacy Inquiry
Canada
Online:
Canada Privacy Inquiry
Europe
Belgium
Email:
privacy.be@liveramp.com
Germany
Email:
privacy.de@liveramp.com
Italy
Email:
privacy.it@liveramp.com
Spain
Email:
privacy.es@liveramp.com
The Netherlands
Email:
privacy.nl@liveramp.com
UK
The UK Your Rights Portal
Email:
ukprivacy@liveramp.com
Postal Address:
LiveRamp UK Limited (attn: DPO), 1st Floor, Imperial House, 8 Kean Street, London WC2B 4AS
France or other non-specified EU countries
Email:
cil@liveramp.com
Postal Address:
LiveRamp France (attn: DPO), 25 rue Anatole France, Levallois Perret 92300
We recommend reviewing the EU country specific privacy notices accessible
here
.
Mexico
Online:
Mexico Privacy Inquiry
US and Other Non-Specified Countries
Online:
US Privacy Inquiries
Postal Address: LiveRamp, Attn: Privacy Administrator, 225 Bush Street, 17th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104.