PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy details how your personal information is collected and processed by Shanga when you use the Walli mobile application (the “Application”). Shanga’s parent company and co-developer, StangaOne1, is the legal entity that collects, processes and shares your personal information on Walli.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download, register and use the Application.
(a) When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide your full name, email address, username, password, website, links to your social networks (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter etc) and your biography.
(b) Transaction-related information, such as when you respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us;
(c) the information you provide us when you contact us for help;
(d) the information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as likes, downloads
and
artists you follow;
We may use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices, and marketing
promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect the following information automatically: the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
devices unique device ID, your IP address, your advertising ID, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, and information about the way you use the Application.
We use this information to better personalize the content (including ads) or features you see.
Access to third parties services account
This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Access to the Facebook account
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: Email and Public Profile
Place of processing: US
Access to the Google+ account
This service allows this Application to connect with the User’s account on the Google+ social network, provided by Google.
Permissions asked: Email and Profile ID
Place of processing: US
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third
party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Does the Application collect precise real-time location information of the device?
When you visit the mobile application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map with relevant advertisements.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located
in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
The Use of the Collected Data
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
(a) to provide, personalize and improve our Products and services you request and send you related information, as requested by you / as, agreed with you;
(b) to provide and maintain the App experience;
(c)  to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are
party
in order to support the operation of the App,
facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the App, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
(d) to provide you with news and information about the Application;
(e) to monitor and analyze usage of the Application;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our
services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as “the
balancing-of-interest
rule”).
(f) to provide users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners for the purpose of serving them with
personalized
advertisement in the Application.
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article
6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with
Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Storage of information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected
information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the
Application, please contact us at hello [a] walliapp.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
When you delete your account we delete all identifiable information about you as detailed above in section 1.
How is this information shared?
We disclose information about you to the following categories of third parties:
(a) as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
(b) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud,
or respond to a government request;
(c) with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
(d) other users in order to provide certain features built into the Application
(e) Ad networks in order to serve advertisements such as:
Facebook ads:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners
MoPub:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy
PubNative:
http://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Oath:
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
Baidu:
http://ad.duapps.com/en/support/
MobVista
:
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy/
Glispa:
https://www.glispa.com/privacy-policy/
(f) Analytics companies to help us understand the usage of our Application:
Google Firebase:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners
Facebook Analytics:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
Flurry:
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/products/developer/index.html
Fabric:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Amplitude:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
(g) Marketing companies that provide us services that allow sending push notifications, transactional and marketing emails and in-app message:
OneSignal
:
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
The use of shared information is not covered by this privacy policy. To know how your information is used by one of our partners please consult their privacy policies by following the links next to each partner.
In addition, we use server hosting providers, CDN solution providers, database solutions and other solutions that allow us to process all information for the normal operations of the Application.
If Stanga or Shine Media is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out”
below.
Transfer of information to third countries
As explained in section 4 we share certain information with third parties which might store your information in countries that are outside your country and outside the European Union. We choose our third parties carefully and only work with those that are fully compliant with our privacy policy and all laws and regulation in place concerning the processing of personal information.
How can you exercise your rights provided under the GDPR?
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your data. To exercise these rights please contact us at hello [a] walliapp.com
. We will answer your requests immediately in any event within one month of our receipt of the request.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers:
you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by following these steps: in your device, go to Settings => Google => Ads, and check “opt-out of interested-based ads” or on Apple devices in Settings => Privacy => Advertising  => Activate the “Limit Ad Tracking”.
The right to withdraw consent
If we asked for your consent to process specific personal information as described in the sections above you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at hello [a] walliapp.com or directly from the Application settings.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or
her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at hello [a] walliapp.com
. We will delete such information from
our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect
the information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, developer improves our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
hello [a] walliapp.com.
Our physical address is:
43, Cherni Vrah Blvd.
Sofia 1407, Bulgaria
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued
use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy below.
Privacy Policy last updated on May 16th, 2018
For artists
Privacy policy
Contact us
Terms of usage
Image specs
Follow Walli:
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 3
http://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/:
Contact Us
Home
About
Docs
Login
Privacy Policy
A feeling You have never experienced before. Get hold of a future technology now
With this privacy policy we, Verve Group Europe GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin Germany (hereinafter „PubNative“ or “we”) would like to inform you about our use of personal data when you visit our website. We realize the importance of protecting the personal data of
users and therefore adhere to the applicable data protection laws.
Controller / Contact
The controller responsible for the collection, use, and processing of your personal data within the meaning of Art. 4 no. 7 GDPR is:
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32
10178 Berlin Germany
Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us. You are welcome to direct your data protection concerns to our data protection officer by sending an e-mail to
datenschutz@pubnative.net
. Our full contact details are available
here.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Personal Data
Personal data means any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual. They include particularly all information making it possible to conclude your identity, such as your name, your address, your phone number, and your e-mail address.
Accessing our website – log files
If you visit our website, your internet browser automatically transfers log information to our server, which is stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The log files include the following data:
–
URL of the referring website
–
Date and time of a request
–
IP address of the accessing computer
–
Volume of data transmitted, browser type and its version
–
Information about whether the processing request was successful
It is technically necessary to process this data to
enable you to use the website
and to ensure the long-term functionality, availability, and security of our systems. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. This data is stored by us only for technical reasons and will, at no time, be assigned to an individual person.
Contact Us
There are various ways for you to get in touch with us. These include contact by e-mail via the address on the contact page or via the “Contact Us” section on our website. In this instance, we shall collect the data you transmit to us for the purposes of processing your inquiry. This includes your name, company, country, e-mail address, subject matter, etc. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Data collected for this purpose will be deleted after the need for its storage ceases to exist, or, if there are legal obligations to store it, we shall limit the processing.
Newsletter
You have the opportunity to subscribe to our PubNative newsletter, which informs you about news from PubNative on a regular basis. To receive the newsletter via e-mail, you can sign up on our website. When registering for the newsletter, we ask you to provide your e-mail address so that we can send you the respective newsletter and, in order to address you personally, your name. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every e-mail. It is of course also sufficient if you notify us using the contact details provided above. The legal basis of the data processing in connection with registering for the PubNative newsletter is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
We use the US provider “MailChimp” for sending and managing our newsletters. MailChimp is provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 512 Means Street, Suite 404 Atlanta, GA 30318 (“MailChimp”). MailChimp offers a well-thought-out and technically convincing software solution and the provider is reliable as a security-conscious and responsible company. It is certified under the
EU-US Privacy Shield
and is thus committed to complying with European data protection regulations. With regard to the data protection regulations applicable in the USA, which deviate from European requirements, we have concluded an additional agreement with the provider which ensures that the data of our users will only be processed on our behalf and, in particular, will not be passed on to third parties. We will transmit the data concerning your registration for the newsletter to MailChimp, which will store it for as long as you remain registered for the newsletter.
In our newsletters, we use market-standard technologies to allow us to measure interactions with the email (e.g. opening of the email, which links are clicked on). We use this data for general statistical evaluations as well as to optimize and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics (pixels) embedded in the emails. The data is collected in pseudonymous form only and not linked to your other personal data. The legal basis for this is our aforementioned legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. With our newsletters, our aim is to share content that is as relevant as possible for our users and to better understand what the readers are actually interested in. If you do not want your usage behavior to be analyzed in this way, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time or disable the display of graphics in your email client by default.
Applying to PubNative
6.1
Online application form
.
You can apply to us for advertised vacancies using our online form. The purpose of data collection here is the selection of applicants for potential employment at PubNative or one of the HitFox Group portfolio companies. In order to receive and process your application, we collect the following applicant data: first and last name, email address, telephone number, citizenship and application documents (such as a resume). You may also provide us with additional information that you may want us to consider when you apply (e.g. your salary expectations, availability or additional documents). We will check your application and contact you if necessary, in particular, to make appointments or to clarify any questions.
If you apply for a position at PubNative, in principle we will not pass on your applicant data to third parties, unless you explicitly agree that your application can also be considered by the HitfFox Group portfolio companies.
The legal basis for the processing of your applicant data is Art. 6 (1) (b) and Art. 88 (1) GDPR in conjunction with Section 26 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We store your applicant data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and subsequently employ you, we will store your applicant data for as long as the data is necessary for your employment and as far as we are legally required to retain it. If we reject your application, we will store your applicant data for a maximum of six months after rejection of your application, unless you give us your consent to longer storage (PubNative talent pool). The data will be deleted automatically after this period. This also applies to applicant data stored by one of the ventures in our portfolio as part of the application process.
6.2
PubNative talent pool
If you consent to become part of our talent pool, we will store the data you submitted for your application in our PubNative talent pool for a further 24 months. This will allow us to identify any further jobs at PubNative or the HitFox Group portfolio companies, which may be of interest to you and, if necessary, to contact you again using the stored contact details. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by emailing us at
jobs@pubnative.com
.
6.3
Recruitee
For the recruitment process, PubNative is using the services of Recruitee B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 763, (1066 VH) Amsterdam, the Netherlands (“Recruitee”). Recruitee is a web service implemented on the PubNative website. Applicant data is stored by Recruitee on our behalf. The data is transferred in encrypted form and stored in data centers in Europe. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Recruitee pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, which ensures that Recruitee processes the data exclusively in accordance with our instructions and guarantees the upholding of European data protection principles. We kindly ask for your understanding that due to data privacy reasons we can’t process applications received outside of Recruitee. Further information about data protection at Recruitee can be found in
Recruitee’s privacy policy
.
Social Networks
Our website also uses plugins from various social networks.
These plugins allow you, for example, to share or recommend blog articles. Integrating the plugins allows the social networks to receive the information that you have called up the relevant page of our website and can collect your device and access data. If you are logged into the social network, the latter may also assign the visit to your account with the relevant social network. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the Facebook “share” button or making a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted by your browser directly to the social network and stored there. Even if you are not registered with the social networks, websites with active plugins may send data to the networks.
The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by the particular social networks and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in the privacy notices of the respective social networks and websites.
Facebook social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). You can find the link to Facebook’s Data Protection Declaration here:
Facebook’s privacy policy
.
Twitter social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”). You can find the link to Twitter’s privacy policy here:
Twitter’s privacy policy
.
LinkedIn social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network LinkedIn, operated by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland (“LinkedIn”). You can find the link to LinkedIn’s privacy policy here:
LinkedIn’s privacy policy
.
YouTube
This website uses Youtube.de/Youtube.com plugins that are provided by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA (“YouTube”), a subsidiary of Google, to integrate videos from YouTube. When you watch a YouTube video, a connection to YouTube’s servers is established and automatically collected data is processed by YouTube. If you are logged in, the information that you played the video will be directly assigned to your Google and YouTube accounts. If you do not want this to happen, you will need to log out before playing the video. Google stores your data and may use it for purposes of advertising, market research and the demand-oriented design of its own websites. Such an evaluation even occurs for users who are not logged in. You can configure your browser to refuse the storage of cookies or you can prevent the recording of data generated by cookies and relating to your use of this website and the processing of this data by Google by disabling the “Ads Personalisation” button in
Google’s Ads Settings
. In this case, Google will then also only display general advertising in connection with YouTube, which has not been selected based on information collected about you.
Insofar as Google also processes your data in the USA, Google offers safeguards in the form of certification under the
EU-US Privacy Shield
to ensure its compliance with the European data protection principles. The legal basis for integrating YouTube and the associated data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in integrating video and visual content to make our website more attractive.
Google Maps
Our website uses the Google Maps services of Google LLC, USA (“Google”). To enable the Google map material we use to be integrated and to be shown on your web browser, your web browser must establish contact with a Google server, which can also be in the USA. If personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google has committed itself to comply with the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. By establishing contact, Google receives the information that the contact page of our website was accessed from the IP address of your device. The legal basis for this is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in the integration of a map service for contact purposes.
You will find more information in the
terms of service of Google Maps
and in
Google’s privacy policy
.
Cookies and usage analysis
10.1
General use of cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is stored by the browser on your device. Cookies are not used to run programmes or install viruses on your computer. The main purpose of our own cookies is rather to provide services tailored especially to you and to make the use of our services as timesaving as possible. Through cookies, different inquiries from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This enables your computer to be recognized if you revisit our website. The processing of the respective cookies is based on our aforementioned legitimate interests, meaning the legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
You can configure your browser settings as desired, for example, to reject the installation of third-party cookies or all cookies. If you do not accept cookies, however, this may in some cases lead to considerable functional restrictions on our website.
10.2
Third-party cookies
In addition, we also use cookies and technologies from third-party providers for analysis purposes as part of the statistical recording and analysis of general usage behavior based on access data. We use the results of such analyses to improve our website and adapt it to the actual needs of our users. The legal basis for the individual examples of data processing described below is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in the demand-oriented design and continuous optimization of our website.
a. Google Analytics.
Our website uses the web analytics service Google Analytics, provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies with a validity of 14 months to record your access data when you visit our website. On our behalf, Google combines the access data into pseudonymous user profiles and transmits it to a Google server in the USA. Your IP address is anonymized beforehand. We are therefore unable to determine which user profiles belong to a particular user. This means that we cannot identify you or determine how you use our website based on the information collected by Google. In exceptional cases where this involves transferring personal data to the USA, Google has also subjected itself to the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. Google has thus committed itself to ensuring the European data protection principles and level of data protection even in the context of data processing performed in the USA.
On our behalf, Google uses the information generated by cookies for the purpose of evaluating the usage of our website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing us with other services relating to website usage and internet usage. For further information, please refer to the
Google Analytics privacy policy
.
You may object to these web analytics activities by Google at any time. There are several ways to do this:
You can configure your browser to block cookies from Google Analytics.
You can adjust your
advertising settings on Google
.
You can place a deactivation cookie by clicking here: [ga_optout]
In the browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer and Chrome, you can install the deactivation plug-in provided by Google using the following link (this option does not work on mobile devices):
Browser plug-in link
b. Google Tag-Manager.
Our website uses Google Tag Manager, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Tag Manager serves to manage tools for usage data analyses and other services, so-called website tags. A tag is an element that is stored in the source code of our website in order to record, for example, predefined uses and interactions. Google Tag Manager does not use cookies. Google Tag Manager enables us to integrate partners in the context of online advertising. In some cases, the data is processed on a Google server in the USA. In exceptional cases where this involves transferring personal data to the USA, Google has also subjected itself to the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. Google has thus committed itself to ensuring the European data protection principles and level of data protection even in the context of data processing performed in the USA. For more details, please refer to the
information provided by Google about Google Tag Manager
.
11.
Data Storage
We have implemented comprehensive technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against possible threats, e.g. unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or distribution, or loss, destruction or abuse. In order to protect your personal data from unauthorized access by third parties during a transmission, the transmission of data might be protected by SSL-encryption, a standardized encryption method for online services.
Service providers, disclosure of data
Some of the data processing undertaken by us can be carried out by our service providers. Apart from the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, data centers which store our website and databases, IT service providers that service our systems, and consultancy companies are particularly ranked among them. If we do share data with our service providers, these may use the data exclusively for the fulfillment of their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and engaged by us. They are contractually bound by our instructions and have suitable technical and organizational measures to protect the rights of the data subjects.
Furthermore, data can be shared with third parties in connection with official inquiries, court decisions, and legal proceedings, if this is required for purposes of prosecution or enforcement, or if there is any other legal basis for such sharing.
Duration of storage
Unless otherwise stipulated above, your personal data will in principle be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage ceases to exist. Further storage can take place if this was provided for by appropriate regulations to which we are subject, if further storage is required for purposes of preserving legitimate interests, or if you have given us your consent. The data can also be blocked or deleted if a storage deadline stipulated by appropriate norms expires unless there is a need for continued storage of the data for purposes of concluding a contract or fulfilling a contract.
Your rights
You have the right at any time to require us to provide information about the processing of your personal data (right of access). When providing you with this information we shall explain the data processing and supply an overview of the data relating to your person which are stored. Should data stored with us be inaccurate or no longer up-to-date, you enjoy the right to have these data corrected (right to rectification). You can also require the erasure of your data (right to erasure or right to be forgotten). Should the erasure exceptionally not be possible due to other legal regulations, the data processing will be restricted, so that in future they are only available for this statutory purpose. You can also have the processing of your data restricted, i.e. if you believe that the data which we have saved is not correct (right to restriction of processing). You also have the right of data portability, i.e. that we send you on request a digital copy of the personal data which you have provided (right to data portability).
To exercise your rights as set out here, you can communicate with the foregoing contact details at any time. This also applies should you wish to receive copies of guarantees for certification of an adequate data-protection level.
You also have the right to object to the data processing based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR or for direct marketing purposes. Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority. You can assert this right by contacting a supervisory authority in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. The competent supervisory authority in Berlin is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Friedrichstr. 219, 10969 Berlin.
Right of withdrawal and objection.
Pursuant to Art. 7(3) GDPR, you have the right to
withdraw the consent you gave us at any time
. As a result of this, we will cease the data processing based on this consent with future effect. This withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent prior to the withdrawal.
If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, you have the right under Art. 21 GDPR to
object to the processing of your data
, and to give us reasons which arise from your particular situation which, in your opinion, show that your legitimate interests override ours. If your objection is to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without requiring you to give reasons.
If you would like to make use of your right of withdrawal or objection, it is sufficient to simply notify us using the contact details provided above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with the currently applicable data protection regulations. The current version of our Privacy Policy is available at
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
.
Updated: March 2024
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label