Page Content
Privacy notice - Information regarding details of your personal data in Betalingsservice
applicable from 1 october 2024
​
Who are we?
Mastercard Payment Services Denmark A/S (hereafter Mastercard Payment Services) is a payment institute, which offers digital payment services – one of these payment services is Betalingsservice.
When you choose to use Betalingsservice as a digital payment service, it is necessary to collect and process your personal data so you can use the service.
In this privacy notice you can read more about how Mastercard Payment Services processes (e.g., collect, use, share and otherwise process) your personal data when you use Betalingsservice.
Data responsibility – processing of personal data in Betalingsservice
Mastercard Payment Services is data controller for the part of the processing of your personal data, through use of Betalingsservice as a payment channel. This means, that once you have entered an agreement regarding Betalingsservice in your bank or you have signed on to Betalingsservice or received a payment slip through/from a creditor, you also accept your personal data to be passed on to Mastercard Payment Services.
Mastercard Payment Services stores your personal data securely and processes all personal data related to you in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable laws and regulations.
You can also use Betalingsservice via the Betalingsservice-app. This notice regulating the processing of your personal information in the Betalingsservice-app, can also be found in the app.
Why do we register and process your personal data?
We collect and process your personal data to enable us to:
send you a payment slip and support your payment
set-up your agreement to use Betalingsservice
execute your payments in Betalingsservice
meet regulatory requirements to Mastercard Payment Services as a payment institute (e.g., regarding anti-money laundering)
process power of attorneys and documentation for account ownership in relation to BS Plus
offer customer service to you as an individual or as an employee, using Betalingsservice
conduct statistical analysis, product improvement, business development and increase user friendliness – Mastercard Payment Services primarily uses anonymous information for this purpose.
What personal data do we process?
The personal data we process consists, amongst other, of:
name
address
customer number
CPR-number or unique personal ID
account information
transaction information, including amount, payment date, recipient and free text
information regarding objections, complaints or other inquiries to customer service
subsequent other sensitive personal data we may process about you.
To enhance user-friendliness and usage of Betalingsservice, Mastercard Payment Services also collects statistical information, such as information about your mandates, channel for creation of the mandates, age, salary, geographical information and so forth. The data is not analyzed on an individual basis but is collected and processed anonymously for statistical purposes.
In addition, we also process business contact person's names, phone numbers and email addresses.
How do we collect your personal data?
We collect and process your personal data when you:
enter an agreement to use Betalingsservice
download and use the Betalingsservice-app
receive a payment slip (e-Boks/Digital Post/physical mail) or use BS Tilmeldingslink
What is our legal basis to process your personal data?
Mastercard Payment Services processes your personal data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, when you:
enter an Betalingsservice agreement, or another agreement, whereby your personal data is passed on to Mastercard Payment Services
download and use the Betalingsservice-app
use e-Boks payments or Betalingsservice sign-up link (BS Tilmeldingslink)
receive a payment slip (use e-Boks/Digital Post/physical mail) or use BS Tilmeldingslink
When you enter an agreement to use Betalingsservice through one of the above-mentioned channels, you accept the terms and conditions for the use of Betalingsservice, in particular the processing of your personal data (General Data Protection Regulation Article 6(1)(b), and the Danish Data Protection Act § 11(2)(2)).
Mastercard Payment Services also processes your personal data, when:
Mastercard Payment Services according to regulatory obligations as a payment institution, in particular the Anti-Money Laundering Act, the Accounting Act, the Payment Act, etc. is obligated to process your data (General Data Protection Regulation Article 6(1)(c), e.g., in relation to:
prevention of misuse and fraud
strengthening IT-security and payment security
investigation of potential error transactions and in relation to potential complaints.
Mastercard Payment Services in general has a legitimate interest to process your data (General Data Protection Regulation Article 6(1)(f), e.g., in relation to:
preparation of statistical analysis and business development.
Mastercard Payment Services completes tasks on behalf of public senders, that are categorized as official authorities (General Data Protection Regulation Article 6(1)(e)
Use of the Danish Authority for Digitisation's digital email service through Netcompany to send out payment slips on behalf of public senders subject to the Danish Act on Digital Post from public senders.
In the unlikely event that we process your sensitive personal data, our processing will be in accordance with the legal basis that the creditor or bank has determined as the data responsible for their processing of your personal data, and it will relate to personal data which the creditor or bank have provided in connection with your payment. If we process your sensitive personal data for the purpose of determining, defending or enforcing a legal claim, the processing is based on the General Data Protection Regulation Article 9(2)(f).
How long do we store your personal data?
Mastercard Payment Services stores your personal data as long as it is necessary to perform the purpose of the data processing:
As long as you are a user of Betalingsservice, we process and store your personal data so you can use Betalingsservice
When your business relationship with Mastercard Payment Services ends, we store your personal data in accordance with our legal requirements cf. the Accounting Act, the Payment Act, the Anti-Money Laundering Act, the Limitation Act and requirements from the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority.
​Personal data from third parties
Upon your acceptance of the transfer of your personal data to Mastercard Payment Services through creditor, bank or e-Boks/Digital Post, Mastercard Payment Services receives your personal data from third parties. In addition, we use the following sources to verify the authenticity of the data:
the data received from your creditor
your bank
The Danish Central People Register (the CPR-register)
The Danish Business register (the CVR-register)
service provider(s) in relation to anti-money laundering processing.
Personal data to third parties
We forward your personal data to the following third parties:
the bank or creditor, where you have a customer relationship – and only for the purpose to enable your use of Betalingsservice
recipient bank, for transactional information relating to your payment
Postnord Strålfors A/S, e-Boks A/S or the Danish Authority for Digitalization through Netcompany when distributing payment slips
Mastercard OB Services Europe A/S by using MCOBS Pay - Accept Payment in connection with payment of payment slips received in e-Boks or Digital Post
Nets A/S and Signicat Danmark in relation to signing and login with NemID or MitID
Itera ApS in relation to creation of creditor agreements (does not include debtor information)
public authorities etc. on request, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, including enquires from the police and other authorities.
​Use of cookies on our website
When you visit our website, we use cookies. You can read further in our cookie policy on
https://www.betalingsservice.dk/privat/cookies
Your rights
You have several rights in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. You have:
the right to access the data we process about you
the right to object to certain processing of your personal data, including objection to profiling and direct marketing in this regard
the right to have data completely or partially deleted, provided we do not have a legitimate purpose for processing the data
the right to have data rectified if the information may be inaccurate, incorrect or incomplete
the right to limit processing of your personal data, under certain conditions
the right to withdraw your consent to process your personal data. As a consequence, you will not be able to use Betalingsservice
the right to data portability, as far as our processing of personal data is automated and is based on your consent or the agreement, we have with you
the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, including the Danish Data Protection Authority. You can find their contact details at
www.datatilsynet.dk
In certain situations, your rights are limited. This can, for example be if Mastercard Payment
Services is obliged under applicable laws and regulations to process your personal data.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you can contact us here:
www.mastercardpaymentservices.com/gdpr
Contact
You can at any time contact Betalingsservice customer service, if you have any questions regarding Betalingsservice on
+ 45 80 81 06 65
.
If you have questions relating to our processing of your personal data, you are always welcome to contact our data protection officer on
mp​spriv​acy@mastercard.com
Administrér cookies
Sådan bruger vi cookies
Vi bruger cookies samt tredjepartscookies til at forbedre webstedet, måle vores målgruppe, forbedre din oplevelse og give dig reklamer baseret på dine browsingaktiviteter og interesser på dette og andre websteder. Du kan altid ændre dine præferencer eller fravælge cookies nederst på webstedet. Bemærk, at nogle af de cookies, vi bruger, er afgørende for, at dele af webstedet kan fungere. Læs mere under "Administrér cookies".
Administrér cookies
Afvis alle
Acceptér cookies
Beskyttelse af personoplysninger
Strengt nødvendige cookies
Ydeevnecookies
Funktionscookies
Målrettede cookies
Beskyttelse af personoplysninger
Vores websted bruger cookies og andre lignende teknologier som pixel tags og web beacons. En cookie er et lille stykke data, som et websted beder din browser om at gemme på din computer eller mobile enhed. Cookies gør det muligt for et websted at "huske" dine handlinger eller præferencer over tid. Så når du besøger vores websted, kan cookies gemme eller hente oplysninger om din browser, der kan handle om dig, dine præferencer og/eller din enhed. Vi bruger cookies samt tredjepartscookies til at drive og forbedre webstedet, måle vores målgruppe, forbedre din oplevelse og give dig indhold og reklamer, der er tilpasset dine interesser baseret på dine browsingaktiviteter og handlinger på dette og andre websteder. Cookies gør det fx muligt for os at vurdere, hvor mange brugere der tilgår eller bruger vores tjeneste, hvilket indhold og hvilke produkter og funktioner på webstedet der interesserer vores brugere mest, hvilke typer indhold vores brugere kan lide at se, og hvordan vores tjeneste kører set fra et teknisk synspunkt.
Klik på de forskellige kategorioverskrifter for at administrere dine cookiepræferencer og få mere at vide om de cookies, vi bruger og hvorfor. Klik på Tillad alle, hvis du vil have alle cookies aktiveret (essentielle cookies er dog altid aktiveret). Vær opmærksom på, at hvis du ikke accepterer visse cookies, kan det påvirke din oplevelse af webstedet og de tjenester, vi kan tilbyde.
Hvis du har spørgsmål om den måde, vi bruger cookies på, kan du kontakte os på
privacyanddataprotection@mastercard.com
Altid aktive
Disse cookies er strengt nødvendige for, at webstedet fungerer korrekt og kan ikke deaktiveres i vores systemer. Disse cookies giver mulighed for kernefunktioner som sikkerhed, netværksstyring og tilgængelighed. Vi behandler ikke altid personoplysninger, når vi sætter essentielle cookies. I de tilfælde vi gør, er vi afhængige af følgende juridiske grundlag for behandling: De er nødvendige, så webstedet fungerer for dig. Bemærk, at du kan indstille din browser til at blokere disse cookies, men dette kan påvirke, hvordan webstedet fungerer.
OneTrust Cookies
Altid aktive
F5 BIG-IP load balancing Cookies
Altid aktive
Microsoft Azure load balancing cookies
Altid aktive
SharePoint cookies
Altid aktive
NU Security Captcha
Altid aktive
Oplysninger om cookies‎
Ydeevnecookies
Disse cookies hjælper med at forbedre vores websted ved at indsamle og rapportere oplysninger om, hvordan du bruger det. Disse oplysninger gør det muligt for os at forbedre webstedets ydeevne, rette eventuelle fejl og give en brugeroplevelse af høj kvalitet. Det hjælper os fx med at forstå, hvor lang tid du bruger på webstedet, og hvorfra du tilgår det, og hjælper os også med at se, om du har besøgt vores websteder før, så vi kan identificere det antal unikke brugere, vi har.
Adobe Experience Cloud
Switch Label
Oplysninger om cookies‎
Funktionscookies
Disse cookies gør det muligt for vores websted at huske de valg, du foretager, fx det sprog, du vælger, eller at aktivere tjenester, såsom at se videoer. Disse cookies giver os mulighed for at tilpasse webstedet til dig og give forbedret funktionalitet.  Uden disse cookies er visse funktioner måske ikke tilgængelige.
Video23
Switch Label
Oplysninger om cookies‎
Målrettede cookies
Disse cookies indstilles gennem vores side af vores reklamepartnere. De kan blive brugt af disse virksomheder til at opbygge en profil for dine interesser og vise dig relevante reklamer på andre hjemmesider. De identificerer din unikke browser og enhed. Hvis du ikke tillader disse cookies, vil du ikke opleve vores målrettet annoncering på tværs af forskellige hjemmesider.
Facebook_Pixel
Switch Label
Oplysninger om cookies‎
Back Button
Cookie-liste
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel