WuTa Camera Basic Function Privacy Policy
Welcome to use WuTa camera services！
Shanghai Benqun Network Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: Room 1003, Building 1, 100 Qinzhou Road, Xuhui
		District, Shanghai, referred to as "we" below) is the operator of the website and app for WuTa camera (website:
https://www.wuta-cam.com/
and app together referred to as
"WuTa
			camera"
below), which provides users with photography and beautification features and services. We are
		fully aware of the importance of personal information to our users (hereinafter referred to as "you") and will do
		our utmost to protect your personal information security. Therefore, we specifically formulate the "WuTa Camera
		Basic Function Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as the
"Privacy Policy"
) to help you fully
		understand how we handle and protect your personal information during your use of WuTa camera, and how you can
		manage your personal information.
【Scope of Application】
This policy applies to all products and services provided by us for photo shooting and beautification functions
		through our website, client, and any new forms that may arise as technology develops. If there is a separate privacy
		policy or corresponding user service agreement for the products or services we provide, and there are special
		agreements therein, the privacy policy or user service agreement of the product or service shall take precedence.
		However, for matters not covered by the privacy policy or user service agreement of the product or service, this
		policy shall prevail. If our affiliates use our photo shooting and beautification functions for products or services
		without having their own independent privacy policy, this policy also applies to those products or services.
This policy does not apply to any information processing activities other than those described in this policy, nor does it apply to services provided by other third parties. The collection and use of personal information for other services will be governed by the separate privacy policies or personal information collection and use rules provided by such third parties.
【Special Statement】
Before you start using our products and services, please be sure to carefully read and understand this policy.
In particular, it is important to carefully read the terms highlighted in bold font or underlined. According to the Regulations on the Scope of Essential Personal Information for Common Types of Mobile Internet Applications, WuTa camera falls under the category of "Photography and Beautification" applications, with basic functions including shooting, beauty enhancement, filters, etc. WuTa camera users can use these basic functions without providing personal information.
Your consent to this policy means that you are aware and agree to us collecting and processing necessary information for our basic functions. However, this does not constitute your consent for other additional functions to collect and process non-essential personal information. We will obtain your separate consent for any additional functions that handle personal information.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we disclose your personal information to others
4. How we store your personal information
5. How we protect your personal information
6. How you can manage your personal information
7. How we handle personal information of minors
8. How this policy is updated
9. How to contact us
Ⅰ、How we collect and use your personal information
According to relevant laws and regulations, we will collect personal information within the necessary scope required to provide you with the basic functions of our products or services. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to use our products/services normally. In addition, you can actively choose to use the additional functions of our products/services and authorize us to collect personal information. If you refuse to provide this information, you may not be able to use these additional functions, but it will not affect your use of the basic functions.
You understand and agree to the following:
1. We are committed to creating diverse products and services based on the diverse needs of our users. As we provide various types of products and services to you, and different users may choose to use specific products or services with different scopes, the basic and additional features, as well as the types and scope of personal information collected and used, may vary depending on the specific product or service function. Please refer to the specific product or service function for details.
2. Like all internet companies, we continue to strive to improve our technology. As a result, we may occasionally launch new or optimized features that require collecting and using new personal information or changing the purpose or manner of using personal information. In this regard, we will provide you with separate explanations for the purpose, scope, and use of the corresponding information through updates to this policy, pop-up windows, or page prompts, etc., and provide you with the opportunity to make independent choices and consent, and continue to collect and use it after obtaining your explicit consent.
（Ⅰ） Photo Shooting Preview
Shooting photos, videos, memes, providing beauty enhancement, filters, and supporting downloading, saving to the local device, and sharing are the basic functions of WuTa camera and do not require personal information.
To achieve the function of shooting photos, videos, memes, we will obtain
camera permissions
and
microphone permissions
. We will only use these permissions after obtaining your authorization consent. If you refuse to consent to these permissions, it will affect your use of the shooting function. To achieve the function of storing the photos/videos/memes taken, we will obtain
storage permissions
. We will only use these permissions after obtaining your authorization consent. If you refuse to consent to these permissions, it will affect your ability to store the photos/videos/memes taken.To determine the shooting direction during filming and participate in activities or display interactive scenes, we will obtain your
sensor permissions
(light sensor, acceleration sensor, direction sensor). We will only use this permission after obtaining your authorization. If you refuse to consent to the above permissions, it will affect your ability to enjoy this feature.
Special Notice: During your use of the services provided by the WuTa camera, the photos and videos you upload will only be used to provide you with the Photo Shooting Preview feature. We will not extract your face data. After the service is completed, the system will automatically delete the face data and will not retain it. We will also not share this face data with any third party.
（Ⅱ） Post-production Editing
To provide you with post-production editing functions for
photos, videos, and memes
, we will obtain your photos, videos, and memes. To enable you to access the aforementioned information in your photo album for later beautification processing, we will obtain your
photo album permissions and storage permissions
. We will only use these permissions after obtaining your authorization consent. If you refuse to consent to these permissions, it will affect your ability to use the post-production editing and storage functions.
Special Notice: During your use of the services provided by the WuTa camera, the photos and videos you upload will only be used to provide you with the Post-production Editing feature. We will not extract your face data. After the service is completed, the system will automatically delete the face data and will not retain it. We will also not share this face data with any third party.
（Ⅲ）Registration and Login
To use the account registration/login feature and provide you with our services, you can provide your mobile phone number or use a third-party account to register or login to your WuTa account. When you use your mobile phone number to login or register, we will verify the effectiveness of your identity by sending an SMS verification code.
（Ⅳ）Feedback
When you provide us with feedback, complaints, inquiries, or appeals, we need to collect
the feedback content and image information that you proactively submit, as well as your contact information (such as QQ, WeChat, or mobile phone number)
, in order to contact you or help you solve problems and provide timely feedback on the results. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, it will not affect your use of other functions and services, but it may affect your ability to use the feedback function.
（Ⅴ）Network Operation Safety
To fulfill our obligations to ensure network operation safety and protect the security of your account and services, we need to collect
information such as your device name and model, device identification information (ANDROID_ID/OAID), IP address, access date and time, service log information, WuTa camera software version number, and operation log
. If you refuse to provide the aforementioned information, it will not affect your use of other functions and services.
（Ⅵ） Sticker Orders
To assist you in realizing the functions of sharing WuTa sticker orders and reading WuTa sticker orders shared by others, we need to access your clipboard information locally, write to or read WuTa sticker orders, and jump to corresponding stickers. We have set strict clipboard filtering rules, which only identify clipboard information (i.e., WuTa sticker orders) that meets the filtering conditions locally. We do not collect or save your clipboard content, and we do not upload any of the aforementioned information to the server. To achieve the aforementioned function, we will obtain your clipboard permissions, which we will only use after obtaining your authorization consent. If you refuse to consent to providing the aforementioned information, it will not affect your use of other functions and services, but it may affect your ability to use and share WuTa sticker orders.
（Ⅶ）Device Permission Calls
During your use of WuTa camera, we may call on your device permissions. Please see the table below for the various permissions called by WuTa camera, the purposes of calling these permissions, and the situations where we will ask you before calling on them.Click on the "
WuTa Camera Permission Call List
" to view the situation of permission calls.
（Ⅷ）Other Data Usage Rules
1. If personal information involves children, you must obtain the consent of the corresponding guardian before the information. Under these circumstances, the guardian can contact us through the channel prov  ided in Article 9 of this policy to request correction or deletion of the content involving children's personal information.
2. Some business functions displayed in the WuTa camera interface are provided by other third parties. We will not collect your relevant personal information or provide your relevant personal information to these   third parties. Please carefully read their privacy policies when using these business functions to understand how they handle and protect your personal information.
3. If we need to use your personal information for purposes not stated in this privacy policy or use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, we will obtain your explicit consent in advance.
4. For functions and scenarios not specifically stated in this privacy policy, we will display the corresponding personal information collection and usage rules to you when you actually use the function or scenario, and obtain your explicit consent.
Ⅱ、How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
（Ⅰ）About Cookies and Similar Technologies
To ensure the normal operation of our website and to assist you in obtaining a smoother browsing experience, we will store small data files named cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small strings of text that are sent and stored on your computer, mobile device, or other device (usually encrypted) when you log in and use the website or other network content. Similar technologies to cookies include other technologies that can be used for similar purposes (such as WebBeacon, Proxy, embedded scripts).
（Ⅱ）How We Use Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies mainly to facilitate your use of our functions and services, simplify repeated steps (such as registration and login), facilitate the viewing and usage history, protect the security of your information and account, and improve our products and services.
You can manage cookies through browser settings, including enabling or disabling them and selecting options to close them
. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use some services. For more information on how to change browser settings, please visit the relevant settings page of the browser you are using.
（Ⅲ）Do Not Track (Please Do Not Track)
Some web browsers have a Do Not Track feature that can send a Do Not Track request to websites. If your browser enables Do Not Track, we will respect your choice.
Ⅲ、How We Provide Your Personal Information to Others
（Ⅰ）Sharing
（1）We will not share your personal information with any companies, organizations, or individuals outside of WuTa, except in the following circumstances:
1. We have obtained your explicit consent or authorization in advance；
2. We are required to provide it by laws, regulations, administrative and judicial authorities；
3. We need to provide it to protect the interests, property, or security of ourselves, our affiliates or partners, you, or other users or the public, as allowed by law；
4. We need to provide it to respond to your requests to resolve disputes or disputes with others；
5. It is necessary to provide it in accordance with the relevant agreements (including electronically signed online agreements and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents signed with you；
（2）To provide you with relevant products or services, show you content that may be interesting to you, and protect the security of your account and transactions, we may share your personal information with our affiliates or partners.
WuTa camera has integrated various third-party services, including crash log collection, message push, advertising delivery, shared login, payment, and payment security features through software development kits (SDKs).
Please note that the processing of your personal information by these third-party service providers will be subject to the personal information protection policies of these third-party services. Please click on the "
WuTa Camera Third-party Service Integration List
" to learn more about the authorized partners we have integrated
.
（Ⅱ）Public Disclosure
Unless otherwise agreed upon or required by law, we will not publicly disclose your personal information.
（Ⅲ）Exceptions
According to relevant laws and national standards, we may share and publicly disclose personal information without obtaining your prior consent in the following circumstances：
1. Necessary for us to fulfill our legal obligations；
2. Directly related to national security and defense；
3. Necessary for public security, public health, and significant public interests;
4. Necessary for criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment execution;
5. Necessary to safeguard your or other individuals' significant lawful rights and interests but difficult to obtain your consent;
6. Personal information that you have voluntarily disclosed to the public;
7. Necessary for you to sign and perform contracts;
8. Collected from personal information disclosed lawfully, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
9. Other situations specified by laws and regulations.
Ⅳ、How We Store Your Personal Information
（Ⅰ）Storage Locations
1. Personal information collected and generated during our operation within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within China. Under the following circumstances, we may provide your personal information to overseas entities after fulfilling the legal obligations：
a. The applicable laws have specific provisions；
b. We obtain your explicit authorization；
c. You engage in cross-border transactions through the internet or other personal initiatives.
2. For the above situations, we will ensure that we provide sufficient protection to your personal information in accordance with this policy and relevant laws and regulations.
（Ⅱ）Storage Period
1. We will only store your personal information for the shortest period allowed by laws, regulations, and the purposes stated in this privacy policy. We will delete or anonymize your personal information once the storage period has expired.
2. If we terminate our services or operations, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance, and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of services or operations.
Ⅴ、How We Protect Your Personal Information
（Ⅰ） Data Safety Management and Technical Measures
We have implemented industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, the data exchange between your browser and our server is encrypted and protected by the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol; we use encryption technologies to enhance the security of personal information; we use reliable safeguards to prevent personal information from being maliciously attacked; we implement access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we provide security and privacy protection training courses to strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. Currently, our important information systems have obtained network security level protection, have been evaluated and certified by ISO9000.
（Ⅱ）Coping with Data Security Incidents
In the event of a personal information security incident, we will promptly notify you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, including the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with the incident, the suggestions for self-prevention and risk reduction you can take, and the remedies we provide for you. We will promptly notify you of the incident-related information by email, letter, phone call, push notification, and other means. If it is difficult to notify you individually, we will take reasonable and effective measures to publish announcements. At the same time, we will also actively report the handling situation of personal information security incidents to regulatory authorities in accordance with their requirements.
If you have any questions about our personal information protection, you can contact us through the contact information provided in this privacy policy. If you discover a leak of your personal information, especially a leak of your account and password, please immediately contact us through the contact information specified in "Section 9: How to Contact Us" of this privacy policy so that we can take corresponding measures.
Ⅵ、How You Can Manage Your Personal Information
We attach great importance to your attention to personal information and make every effort to protect your ability to access, transfer, correct, delete, and cancel your account. We respect your rights to request an explanation of this policy and to withdraw your consent so that you can have full ability to safeguard your privacy and security. Your rights include:
（Ⅰ）Access to Your Personal Information
You can access your personal information through the following ways:
1. Your account information: You can access your account information (nickname, birthday, gender, and region) by clicking the profile picture in the upper right corner and then clicking the "right arrow" button in the upper left corner. Click "Account Management" to view the mobile phone number, WeChat, Tencent QQ, and Sina Weibo. You can also click "My" and then "Edit" on the "WuTa Community" interface to access your nickname, signature, gender, birthday, city, and social account binding information. Click the profile picture in the upper right corner and then click the "Settings" button to view your relevant settings information.
2. If you cannot access your personal information through the above channels, you can contact us through the method specified in this policy.
（Ⅱ） Correction of Your Personal Information
When you find errors in the personal information processed by us regarding you, you have the right to request us to correct your personal information. You can correct your personal information through the following ways:
1. You can correct your account information (nickname, birthday, gender, and region) by clicking the profile picture in the upper right corner and then clicking the "right arrow" button in the upper left corner. Click "Account Management" to correct the mobile phone number, WeChat, Tencent QQ, and Sina Weibo. You can also click "My" and then "Edit" on the "WuTa Community" interface to correct your nickname, signature, gender, birthday, city, and social account binding information. Click the profile picture in the upper right corner and then click the "Settings" button to change your relevant settings information.
2. If you cannot correct your personal information through the above channels, you can contact us through the method specified in this policy.
（Ⅲ） Deletion of Your Personal Information
1. You can contact us through the method specified in this policy to request the deletion of your personal information in the following situations:
（1）If our behavior in processing personal information violates laws or regulations;
（2）If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent;
（3）If our behavior in processing personal information seriously violates the agreement with you.
2. If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us to delete it promptly, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or if these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
3. When you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but will delete these information when backup updates occur.
（Ⅳ）Change the Scope of Your Consent
1. You can withdraw your consent in the following ways：
a. You can withdraw your consent to our collection of certain personal information by disabling certain device permissions through the settings function of your mobile device;
b. You can withdraw your consent by deleting certain personal information in the WuTa camera;
c. Contact us through the method specified in this policy.
2. Please understand that the business functions of the WuTa camera may require enabling some permissions and collecting necessary personal information to be achieved. When you withdraw your consent, we will not be able to continue providing you with the services corresponding to the withdrawn consent, but will not affect the personal information processing services previously conducted based on your consent.
（Ⅴ）Your Request for Account Deactivation
1. You can request account deactivation through the following paths and methods：
a. Path: Click the profile picture in the upper right corner -> Click the button in the upper left corner to enter your personal information -> Click "Account Management" in the "Account and Security" section -> Click "Deactivate Account" and confirm deactivation
b. Contact our customer service through the method specified in this policy to apply for account deactivation.
2. After your account is deactivated, we will stop providing you with products or services. All content, information, data, and records used by you through this account for our products and services will be deleted or anonymized.
Ⅶ、How We Process Personal Information of Minors
1. We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information.
If you are a minor under the age of 18, please ask your parents or other guardians to carefully read this privacy policy before using our products and services, and obtain their consent.
2. For personal information of children under the age of 14 that may be involved, we further take the following measures to ensure it:
(1) For the personal information collected from children, in addition to complying with the provisions of this policy regarding user personal information, we will adhere to the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security, and legal use, strictly follow the requirements of laws and regulations such as the "Regulations on the Network Protection of Children's Personal Information" for storage, use, and disclosure, and will not exceed the time limit necessary for achieving the purpose of collection and use. After expiration, we will delete or anonymize the personal information of children.
(2) If you are the guardian of a minor, please ensure that the minor you are responsible for uses our products or services with your authorization and consent. If you have any questions about the personal information of the minor you are responsible for, please contact us through the methods specified in this privacy policy.
(3) Children or their guardians have the right to access and correct their personal information at any time, and can also request corrections and deletions from us. If you have any comments, suggestions, complaints, or reports related to children's personal information, please contact us according to "How to contact us" and we will assist you at any time.
Ⅷ、How This Policy is Updated
1. If our products or services change, our personal information protection policy will also be adjusted accordingly. Without your explicit consent, we will not reduce the rights you should enjoy under this policy. We will publish any changes made to this policy on this page. For significant changes, we will also provide more prominent notifications (including for some services, we will send notifications by email to explain the specific changes to the personal information protection policy).
2. The significant changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to：
a. Major changes in our service mode. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way personal information is used, etc.;
b. Major changes in our ownership structure and organizational structure. Such as changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc.;
c. Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
d. Major changes in your rights to participate in personal information processing and their means of exercise;
e. When the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact methods, and complaint channels changes;
f. When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates high risks.
3. We will also archive the old version of this policy for you to access.
Ⅸ、How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions regarding this personal information protection policy, please contact us through the following means. Generally, we will respond within 15 days:
Email address for personal information protection:
support@wuta-camera.com