Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
Pangle, InMobi, DT Exchange, Liftoff, VERVE, Smaato and Amazon Advertising
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Usage Data
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Firebase Remote Config
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Infrastructure monitoring
Crashlytics
Personal Data: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Managing support and contact requests
Zendesk
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
ImgBase, Inc. A-702, 338, Gwanggyojungang-ro, Suji-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea
Owner contact email:
hello@imgbase.me
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
ImgBase, Inc. A-702, 338, Gwanggyojungang-ro, Suji-gu, Yongin-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea
Owner contact email:
hello@imgbase.me
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that intoLive collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geographic position.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using intoLive.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by intoLive is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for intoLive to provide its services. In cases where intoLive specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by intoLive or by the owners of third-party services used by intoLive serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through intoLive.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of intoLive (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Advertising, Analytics, Infrastructure monitoring, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing) and Managing support and contact requests.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on intoLive, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside intoLive. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
AdMob (Google LLC)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Pangle (BYTEDANCE PTE. LTD.)
Pangle is an advertising service provided by BYTEDANCE PTE. LTD.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Singapore –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
InMobi (InMobi Pte Ltd)
InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi Pte Ltd.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  India –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
DT Exchange (Fyber Monetization Ltd.)
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Monetization Ltd.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Liftoff (Liftoff Mobile, Inc.)
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Liftoff Mobile, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
VERVE (Verve Group Europe GmbH)
VERVE is an advertising service provided by Verve Group Europe GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Smaato (Smaato, Inc.)
Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Amazon Advertising (Amazon)
Amazon Advertising is an advertising service provided by Amazon.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
IntoLive uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of intoLive.
Firebase Remote Config (Google LLC)
Firebase Remote Config is an A/B testing and configuration service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows intoLive to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of intoLive.
Crashlytics (Google LLC)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing support and contact requests
This type of service allows intoLive to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).
Zendesk (Zendesk, Inc.)
Zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
IntoLive uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of intoLive or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, intoLive may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, intoLive and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with intoLive (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within intoLive and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through intoLive (or third-party services employed in intoLive), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use intoLive, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using intoLive who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of intoLive. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of intoLive.
intoLive (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by intoLive as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to intoLive, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 2
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy for EEA
LAST UPDATED:
April 2021
EFFECTIVE:
May 2021
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi is committed to respecting and protecting individuals' privacy rights. This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi Pte Ltd, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, "InMobi" or "we", "us", "our") collect, use, secure, and/or disclose EEA end users’ (“you” or “your”) information when you view ads/ surveys served by InMobi on digital media, sites, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”)
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform services.
Marketing Platform services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
“EEA”
means all member states of the European Union and for the purpose of this Privacy Policy, U.K. and Switzerland.
2. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi is a global ad network with a suite of ad tech products. We partner with third-party mobile website publishers and mobile app developers to serve ads on their sites and in their apps, and InMobi may also serve ads on the site and mobile applications that InMobi owns. These ads may be customised to their users' interests and geographic locations, which we may derive or infer from information that we collect about how those users interact with such sites and apps (this type of advertising is often called "interest-based advertising" or "targeted advertising"). This enables our partnering publishers and developers to provide content-rich services that are more relevant to their users, often using the advertising revenues they generate to offer their services for free or at a subsidised cost. Further, we may also obtain user data from our data partners, advertisers and/or advertisers’ partners for optimising digital advertising and/or analytical purposes including to provide relevant advertising and reporting. Please note that collection, use or storage of such data is governed by the privacy policy of such third-party partners and/or advertisers providing the same. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners. InMobi may engage in cross-device data collection, which refers to the process of collecting data from devices that have been determined through statistical analysis to be linked or related. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple devices.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition or re-engagement through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
2.1 WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information about your device that you have viewed and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to improve our services including recognising your device when you use other sites and apps that have partnered with us. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connecte
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e) Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f) Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g) Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
(h) Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
On occasion, our partnering mobile publishers or app developers may also disclose to us certain information including email addresses of users in a hashed format (not in raw format) they have separately collected about you so that we can improve the relevance of the ads we serve on their behalf. They do this in accordance with their own specific privacy policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than serving you with interest-based ads or for reporting or analytical purpose(s).
2.3 HOW DO WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze (including profiles, statistical analytics, audience segments, insights, data modelling, location analytics etc.) and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
2.4 WHO DO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
(a) Publishers, Developers, Advertisers and Measurement Companies
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive regarding you as described in this Policy with our publishers, developers, data partners, measurement companies and advertisers. These partners may use this information to show you relevant ads, measure your ad/site interaction, identify your interest areas, better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behaviour in order to refine and improve their services. Such partners’ use of the information we share with them will be governed by their privacy policies.
(b) Marketing Partners
We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
(c) With InMobi Affiliates
We may also share your information with InMobi affiliates so that we can better provide advertising that is relevant to you.
(d) Third parties such as advisors and law enforcement authorities
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.(e) Service Providers
We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
(f) Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
4. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services.
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR?
InMobi may retain the information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract. After the 13-month period, InMobi may retain and use such data in aggregated format, as necessary for internal analytical purposes, to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject rights related requests.
Where we are using personal information to contact for marketing communications, if opted-in we will contact you periodically, if required by applicable laws, to ensure you are happy to continue receiving such communications.
If informed of election to no longer receive marketing communications from us, InMobi will stop sending the same.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, affiliates and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EU resident, we may share your information with our non-EU clients or affiliates), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. This means that their processing of your personal information will involve a transfer of data outside of the EEA.
Whenever InMobi transfers your personal information outside of the EEA, we ensure it is protected by making sure at least one of the following safeguards is in place:
by transferring your personal information to a country that has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection by the European Commission;
by using specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give your personal information the same protection it has within the EEA including to US;
If you wish to learn more about the specific circumstances when each of these protection measures are used, you can contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
for the details as to how we protect specific transfer of your data.
7. INFORMATION COLLECTED ON BEHALF OF THIRD PARTIES
InMobi may offer advertising solutions to clients that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement, e.g. serving an ad that contains an advertiser questionnaire or suveys. Such information may consist of personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable information, or both. All of the information that you voluntarily provide in response to this form of advertisement is typically forwarded directly to the relevant client and will be governed by that client's privacy policies in place. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi for the aforesaid purpose and reporting to client, subject to applicable legal requirements. For more information see
www.inmobi.com/leadgen
8. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services.
We may also use cookies to provide website functionality and advertising to you, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our cookie policy. We recommend that you review the privacy policies the third party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
9. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN?
InMobi complies with the age gating provisions under applicable privacy laws such as General Data Protection Regulation in EEA and Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in the U.S and does not knowingly collect any personal data of children, as applicable.
10. OTHER WEBSITES?
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
11. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
12.YOUR RIGHTS
Right of access:
Where we hold personal information about you, you can ask us for access to this personal information, to correct or update any inaccurate personal information we hold, to stop sending you direct marketing or to stop using your personal information altogether.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to require InMobi to rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You also have the right to have incomplete personal information we hold about you completed, by providing a supplementary statement to us.
Right to restriction:
You can restrict InMobi’s processing of your personal information where:
you think we hold inaccurate personal information about you;
our handling of your personal information breaks the law, but you do not want us to delete it;
InMobi no longer needs to process your personal information, but you want us to keep it for legal reasons; or
where we are handling your personal information because we have a legitimate interest, as described above, and are in the process of objecting to this use of your personal information.
Where you exercise your right to restrict InMobi from using your personal information, we will then only process your personal information when you agree, except for storage/archival purposes and to handle billing and legal claims.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, standard machine readable format and to send this to another organisation controlling your personal information. This right only applies to your personal information we are handling because you consented to us using it or because there is a contract in place between us.
Right to erasure:
You have the right to require InMobi to erase your personal information which we are handling in the following circumstances (anonymization would satisfy erasure):
where we no longer need to use your personal information for the reasons we told you we collected it for;
where we needed your consent to use your personal information, you have withdrawn your consent and there is no other lawful way we can continue to use your personal information;
when you object to our use of your personal information and we have no compelling reason to carry on handling it;
if our handling of your personal information is in violation of applicable law; and
when we must erase your personal information to comply with a law we are subject to.
Right to complain:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office, the supervisory authority for data protection issues.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may be able to make the update within your account settings or by contacting us using the details provided below.
13. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
14.CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 4
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 5
https://pubnative.net/privacy-notice/:
Contact Us
Home
About
Docs
Login
Product Privacy Policy
Last updated: 23 January 2025
PRODUCT PRIVACY POLICY
With this privacy policy we, Verve Group Europe GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin Germany (hereinafter „
VGE
“ or “
we
”) would like to inform you about the processing of personal data when using our mobile advertising optimization technology (“
VGE`s Technology
”). VGE’s Technology is integrated into mobile apps to provide personalized ad experiences. The providers of the respective apps (“Publishers”) provide you with additional information about the integration of VGE Technology in their apps.
This privacy policy describes our practices regarding the handling of personal data that we process from the Publishers’ users. Depending on the constellation, we may act as a controller or as a processor on behalf of the Publisher under data protection law. The relevant information about our relationship with the respective Publisher can be found in the Publisher’s privacy policies.
To access the privacy policy governing the processing of data when visiting our Website, please
click here.
1. Provider of VGE’s Technology
VGE’s Technology is provided by
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32
10178 Berlin Germany
Where we are a controller of your data, this is also the entity acting as controller. Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us. You are welcome to direct your data protection concerns to our data protection officer by sending an e-mail to
datenschutz@pubnative.net
. Our full contact details are available
here.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
2. Personal Data processing in connection with VGE’s Technology
Data we receive.
First of all, we do not know who you (as a user) are. VGE neither processes direct identifiers, such as names, home addresses, e-mail addresses or similar information of users. That said, we only process data provided by the Publishers, including user information about the interaction with apps, which is recorded, stored and evaluated using temporary identifiers, which VGE cannot match to you as a person (so-called pseudonyms). If we are acting as a processor on behalf of the Publisher, the Publishers determine the purposes and means on how we process users’ data. We have established several technical and legal measures to safeguard that the Publisher’s users have given their consent for our processing.
Data we receive from Publishers differ. Provided there is a legal basis for processing, we typically process:
Device Identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID
Device Characteristics (device model, platform, operating system version, browser details)
IP addresses
Authentication-derived identifiers
Browsing and interaction data
User-provided data
Non-precise location data
Privacy choices
2.2 Purposes of data processing and legal bases.
We process the data received from Publishers so that they can market ad space for targeted in-app advertising and targeting campaigns. When serving personalized mobile advertising, this gives advertisers the opportunity to target users who are actually interested in their products, offers and content.
Our processing activities include the following purposes. When we act as a controller, we rely on the following legal bases.
If several legal bases are specified, the choice of the relevant legal basis depends on the decision of the respective Publisher. Further information can be found in the privacy policy of the Publisher.:
Purpose of processing
Legal basis
Store and/or access information on a device
Device or similar online identifiers together with other information (e.g. screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Use limited data to select advertising
Advertising presented to you on the Publisher’s app can be based on limited data, such as the app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
User’s consent if chosen by the Publisher (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our publishers a meaningful product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Use limited data to select advertising taking into account their approximate location when permitted by the user’s device
Serving ads to the users taking into account their age, gender, keywords or interests when provided by the user in the host mobile app on the user’s device. Race, religion, politics, sex life, or health are unavailable targeting criterions in VGE’s Technology
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Create profiles for personalised advertising
Information about your activity on the Publisher’s app (such as information you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on the Publisher’s service and other websites and apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
Advertising presented to you on the Publisher’s app can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on the Publisher’s service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
User’s consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Measure advertising performance
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
User’s consent if chosen by the Publisher (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our publishers a meaningful product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Develop and improve services
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Our legitimate interest in improving our product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
Our legitimate interest in being able to offer our Publishers a useful and error-free product (Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR)
Deliver and present advertising and content
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
We are unable to combine the data we receive in a way that would enable us to personally identify users and we do not combine the data with any third-party data that would enable us to do so.
2.3 Data recipients.
VGE only discloses data to other parties if this is necessary for the implementation of campaigns or other purposes listed in this privacy notice, or if another legal basis for the disclosure of data exists. The collection and processing of usage data by the mobile app Publishers are controlled by the respective Publishers.
In the context of the serving of ads, data are exchanged between VGE and partner advertisers on the bid request level (to get an ad) or in aggregated form for reporting and fraud analysis. Partner advertisers include demand side platforms, ad-exchanges and advertisers.  This might include the following information on the bid request level:
device information (device model, platform, operating system version, browser details)
targeting information (county, city, hyperlocation when allowed to be collected)
user information (such as device ID, hashed device ID, age, gender and interests, when allowed to be collected).
If VGE uses its own external service providers (e.g. data centers), the service providers may only use the data to fulfill their task. All service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned. They are bound by the instructions of VGE and are regularly checked. In cases where data is processed in countries outside the European Union, appropriate safeguards are always in place to protect data subjects, such as Adequacy Decisions by the European Commission or Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs)
2.4 Joint controllership
VGE is a service provider, so we work with Publishers to process data. With some of these Publishers, we are joint controllers within the meaning of data protection law (Art. 26 GDPR). This joint controllership generally relates to the collection and transfer of data to us. If we are joint controllers, we and the Publishers have divided certain tasks among ourselves. The division is as follows:
2.4.1 We provide the Publisher with a technical solution that the Publisher integrates into its apps. This technology enables the data described in this policy to be collected. We are also supporting the Publishers, in the processing of enquiries from data subjects.
2.4.2 The Publisher obtains consent where necessary and implements transparency information towards you. They pass this information on to us to communicate the scope and permissibility of the data processing.
2.4.3 The Publishers and VGE will ensure that the necessary data security is in place. Both we and the Publishers will also fulfil our reporting and notification obligations individually but will support and inform us to the extent necessary.
2.4.4 You can exercise your rights as a data subject as described below (see section 3) both against us and against the Publisher. We and the Publisher are liable for any processing that does not comply with the provisions of the GDPR in accordance with Art. 82 GDPR.
If you have any further questions on the topic of joint controllership, we will be happy to provide you with further information on our cooperation with certain Publishers. Please contact
privacy@pubnative.net
.
2.5 Retention period.
The collected data are stored for as long as the usage data and data about interactions with ads and installations of new apps are required for the described purposes. After that, the data are deleted or completely anonymized. We will further delete personal data immediately when the Publisher informs us that the user has withdrawn consent. We will, however, retain and use information as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
3. Users’ rights
If VGE is acting as the controller, users have the following rights regarding their personal data:
3.1 Right to access information about the processing of their personal data by VGE. In this regard, VGE will explain the data processing to you as the user and provide you with an overview of the data stored about you. For this purpose, you may also contact the Publisher. Whenever needed and upon request, we will assist the Publisher.
3.2 If data stored by VGE is incorrect or no longer up to date, you have the right to have this data corrected.
3.3 You may also demand that your data be erased. Should the erasure not be possible in exceptional cases due to other legal regulations, the data will be blocked so that it is only available for that legal purpose.
3.4 You may also have the processing of your personal data restricted, if for example, you have doubts as to the accuracy of the data.
3.5 You also have the right to data portability, which means that on request VGE will send you a digital copy of the personal data you have provided.
3.6 You also have the right to object to data processing, insofar as this is based on legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. In particular, you can object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes at any time. The opt-out function described below can be used for this purpose at any time.
3.7 You also have the right to withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data. To do this, please follow the Publisher’s instructions.
3.8 You also have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority responsible for VGE (Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin) or to your competent authority. You are also free to contact your local data protection authority, which will then forward your request to the competent authority.
4. Opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive targeted in-app advertising that is deployed based on VGE’s Technology, you may do so through the device-level advertising preference setting available in the settings menus of your iOS and/or Android devices.
Android Users (version 2.3 and above)
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:
Google Play Help
.
iOS users (version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:
Apple Support Center
Please note that these are device settings and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for us. We have decided to offer this way of opting-out, as we estimate users will either want to receive interest-based advertising or no interest-based advertising at all. The above-described way is most efficient to achieve that goal.
You may also request deleting your data or opt-out of targeted in-app advertising via e-mail to
privacy@pubnative.net
.
5. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with the currently applicable data protection regulations. This website always contains the latest version of the VGE Technology Privacy Policy.
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 6
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 7
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010:
Main content
Search
ALT
+
/
Basket
shift
+
ALT
+
C
Home
shift
+
ALT
+
H
Orders
shift
+
ALT
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
ALT
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Find more solutions
Security and Privacy
›
Legal Policies
›
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: 1 August, 2024
To see prior version, click
here
.
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate
            your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes
            how we collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices,
            products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this
            Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services").
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
How Secure Is Information About Me?
What About Advertising?
What Information Can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
Contacts, Notices and Revisions
Related Practices & Information
Examples of Information Collected
1. Controllers of Personal Information
Amazon Europe Core SARL, Amazon EU SARL, and Amazon Media EU SARL, all three at 38
            avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and Amazon Digital UK Limited of 1 Principal
            Place, Worship Street, London, EC2A 2FA, UK (together "Amazon Europe") are data controllers
            of personal information collected and processed through Amazon Services. Details can
            be found
here
.
2. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Europe Collect?
We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our
                  products and services.
Here are the types of personal information we collect:
Information you give us:
we receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information
                        but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services.
Automatic information:
we automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of
                        Amazon Services including your interaction with content and services available through
                        Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers and
                        we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon
                        Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon Europe on other websites.
                        Click
here
to see examples of what we collect.
Information from other sources:
we might receive information about you from other sources such as updated delivery
                        and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and
                        deliver your next purchase more easily. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive.
3. For What Purposes Does Amazon Europe Process Your Personal Information?
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Amazon Services
                  that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services.
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and
                  services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services,
                  and promotional offers.
Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services.
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyse performance, fix
                  errors, and improve usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services.
Recommendations and personalisation.
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that
                  might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalise your experience
                  with Amazon Services.
Provide voice, image and camera services
. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we process your voice input,
                  images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide
                  the requested service to you, and improve our Amazon services. For more information
                  about Alexa voice services click
here
.
Comply with legal obligations.
In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws.
                  For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment
                  and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes.
Communicate with you.
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services
                  via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat).
Advertising.
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products,
                  and services that might be of interest to you. To learn more, please read our
Interest-Based Ads notice
.
Fraud prevention and credit risks.
We process personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to
                  protect the security of our customers, Amazon Europe, and others. We may also use
                  scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for which we seek your consent.
We may also ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                  purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                  information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                  we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
4. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?
We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your shopping experience, provide our
            services, understand how customers use our services so we can make improvements, and
            display ads. Approved third parties also use these tools in connection with our display
            of ads. To enable our systems to recognise your browser or device and to provide Amazon
            Services to you, we use cookies. For more information about cookies and how we use
            them, please read our
Cookies Notice
. You can manage your cookie preferences
here
.
5. Does Amazon Europe Share Your Personal Information?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not
               in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. Amazon Europe
               shares customers' personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com,
               Inc. and the subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to
               this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described
               in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions involving third parties:
We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by
                        third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products
                        from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application
                        providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services.
                        We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses,
                        such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your
                        transactions and we share customer personal information related to those transactions
                        with that third party.
Third party service providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples
                        include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal
                        mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data,
                        providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid
                        listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, assessing and managing
                        credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have
                        access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use
                        it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance
                        with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Business transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or
                        services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred
                        business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy
                        Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely
                        event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer
                        information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Amazon Europe and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate
                        to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements;
                        or protect the rights, property or safety of Amazon Europe, our users or others. This
                        includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection
                        and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about
                        you might be shared with third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose
                        not to share the information.
Transfers out of the European Economic Area and the UK.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic
            Area or the UK, we ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this
            Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We rely
            on European Commission adequacy decisions or use contracts with standard safeguards
            published by the European Commission (you can ask
Customer Service
for a copy of these) and similar measures under UK laws for such transfers.
6. How Secure is Information About Me?
We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by
                        using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling
                        credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the
                        collection, storage and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security
                        procedures mean that we may ask you to verify your identity before we disclose personal
                        information to you.
Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorised access and
                        loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs.
                        Click
here
for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and
                        to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password
                        for your Amazon account that is not utilized for other online accounts. Be sure to
                        sign off when you finish using a shared computer. For more information on how to sign
                        off click
here
.
7. What About Advertising?
Third-party advertisers and links to other websites:
Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and
                        apps. Third party advertising partners may collect information about you when you
                        interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about
                        third-party advertising at Amazon Europe, including interest-based ads, please read
                        our
Interest-Based Ads notice
. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
Use of third-party advertising services:
We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more
                        useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share
                        your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead,
                        we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived
                        from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address.
                        For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising
                        identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download
                        the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases,
                        product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier
                        and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve
                        you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to
                        serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out
                        of interest-based advertising by going to the
Advertising Preferences page
.
8. What Information Can I Access?
You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile
            information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your
            Account" section of the website. Click
here
for a list of examples that you can access.
9. What Choices Do I Have?
If you have any questions or objection as to how we collect and process your personal
            information, please contact our
Customer Service
. Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options
            as to how your information is being used.
As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information but then you
                        might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the
Information You Can Access?
section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version
                        for our records.
If you don't want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please adjust
                        your
Customer Communication Preferences
. If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification
                        settings in the app or your device.
If you don't want to see interest based-ads, please adjust your
Advertising Preferences page
.
The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser
                        or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you
                        receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. Because cookies allow you
                        to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that
                        you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies,
                        you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to Checkout, or
                        use any Amazon Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies,
                        see our
Cookies Notice
.
You can consent to or withdraw consent from third party advertising cookies
here
.
If you want to browse our websites without linking browsing activity to your account,
                        you may do so by logging out of your account
here
and disabling cookies on your browser.
You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store
here
, remove recommendations you don't want to see
here
(select a recommendations tile for products you have not previously purchased, select
                        View All and Manage, then select the Remove Items toggle), and edit your browsing
                        history
here
.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose,
                        you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop any further processing
                        of your data for that purpose.
You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data processing by updating
                        your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and
                        Devices"), device, or application. For more information click
here
. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions
                        (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls
                        are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change
                        your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you
                        contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer as different devices
                        may have different permission settings.
If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in
Seller Central
, update your account information by accessing your
Seller Account Information
, and adjust the email or other communications you receive from us by updating your
Notification Preferences
.
If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the
                        Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the
Author Portal
and
Author Central
, respectively.
In addition, subject to applicable law, you have the right to request access to, correct,
            and delete your personal data, and to ask for data portability. You may also object
            to our processing of your personal data or ask that we restrict the processing of
            your personal data in certain instances. If you wish to do any of these things, please
            contact
Customer Service
or, to submit a data subject access request, go to
Request My Data
.
10. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services?
Amazon Europe doesn't sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products
            for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with
            the involvement of a parent or guardian. For more information on how we handle personal
            information for Amazon Services intended for children under the age of 13, please
            read our
Children Privacy Notice
.
11. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of Amazon Services,
            for as long as it is required in order to fulfil the relevant purposes described in
            this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes,
            or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history
            so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders if desired) and what addresses
            you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevancy of products and content we
            recommend.
12. EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon.com, Inc. and certain of its controlled US
affiliates
(together, the Amazon Group Companies, or "We") participate in the EU-US Data Privacy
            Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and Swiss-US Data
            Privacy Frameworks* regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information
            from European Union and European Economic Area member countries, the United Kingdom,
            and Switzerland. We have certified with the Department of Commerce that we adhere
            to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework
            Principles, see
here
.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information
            under the Data Privacy Framework, or about our privacy practices generally, please
            contact us at: eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
            If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
            at
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
. If neither Amazon nor our provider resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding
            arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Panel. To learn more about the Data
            Privacy Framework Panel, see
here
.
As explained
here
we sometimes provide personal information to third parties to perform services on
            our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the Data Privacy Framework
            to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal information
            must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and we will
            remain liable under the Data Privacy Framework for any failure to do so by the third
            party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
You can review our Data Privacy Framework registration
here
. The Amazon Group Companies are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers
            of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal information
            that we handle under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
            public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
*
We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the
               EU-US Data Privacy Framework until each enters into force, but we adhere to their
               required commitments in anticipation of their doing so.
13. EU General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection Laws - Legal Basis
The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal
               information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal
               information. We use:
Performance of a contract
when we provide you with products or services, or communicate with you about them.
                        This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver
                        products and services, and process payments.
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers
when we improve Amazon services (including when we use your voice, video, or camera
                        input to improve services), when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to
                        protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and when we provide you
                        with interest-based advertising.
Your consent
when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific
                        purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal
                        information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and
                        we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation
when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect
                        seller place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification
                        purposes.
These and other legal bases
depending on the purpose for which we use personal information.
14. Contacts, Notices & Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon Europe or want to contact one of our
            data controllers, please
Customer Service
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you. Further,
            the data protection officer for the above mentioned data controllers can be contacted
            at eu-privacy@amazon.co.uk. You can file a complaint with our principal supervisory
            authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, the
Information Commissioner's Office
, or with another local authority.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should
            check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current
            Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
            We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our
            policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected
            in the past without the consent of affected customers.
15. Related Practices & Information
Conditions of Use and Sale
Help Desk
Most Recent Purchases
Your Profile and Community Guidelines
16. Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services
You provide information to us when you:
search for products or services in our stores;
place an order through Amazon Services;
download, stream, view, or use content on a device, or through a service or application
                        on a device;
provide information in
Your Account
(and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address or
                        mobile number when shopping with us) or
Your Profile
;
talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;
upload your contacts;
configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with
                        an Amazon device or service;
provide information in your
Seller Account
,
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
account, Developer account or any other account we make available that allows you
                        to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers;
offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;
upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other
                        Amazon Services;
compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists or gift registries;
Participate in community features, provide and rate
Customer Reviews
;
specify a Special Occasion Reminder; or
employ Product Availability Alerts, such as Available to Order Notifications.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name;
                  address and phone number; payment information; your age; your location information;
                  your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses ; e-mail
                  addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us;
                  personal description and photograph in
Your Profile
; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and video collected or stored in
                  connection with Amazon Services, information and documents regarding identity and
                  standing; corporate and financial information; credit history information; VAT numbers;
                  and device log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose
                  to automatically synchronise them with your other Amazon devices.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include:
the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
login; e-mail address; password;
the location of your device or computer;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback
                        details including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network
                        details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet
                        service provider;
device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data,
                        and any errors or event failures;
Amazon Service metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions
                        with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information,
                        location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images
                        and files (e.g., file name, dates, times and location of your images));
version and time zone settings;
purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information
                        from other customers to create features such as Best Sellers;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website
                        (including date and time); cookie number; products and/ or content you viewed or searched
                        for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page
                        interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs),
phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and
images or videos when you shop in our stores using Amazon Services.
We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications
                  and our web pages to collect browsing, usage or other technical information for fraud
                  prevention purposes.
Information From Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties,
                        which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication
                        more easily;
account information, purchase or redemption information and page-view information
                        from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide
                        technical, fulfillment, advertising or other services;
information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);
information about internet-connected devices and services that you've linked with
                        Alexa; and
credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect
                        fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include:
status of recent orders (including subscriptions);
your complete order history;
personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications
                        and personalised advertising preferences, address book and 1-Click settings);
payment settings (including payment card information and gift voucher, gift card and
                        cheque balances);
e-mail notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Deliveries, Special
                        Occasion Reminders, and newsletters);
recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations
                        (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);
shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);
your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and interest-based
                        advertising preferences;
content that you recently viewed;
voice recordings associated with your account;
Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal
                        profile).
If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust
                        your communications preferences, by updating your account in
Seller Central
.
If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update
                        your account, on the
Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP)
or
Author Central
website, as applicable.
If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access
                        your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by
                        updating your account in the Developer Services Portal, developers.amazon.com.
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Thank you for your feedback.
Please select what best describes the information:
This information is confusing or wrong
This isn't the information I was looking for
I don't like this policy
Submit
Thanks. While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, 
	we'll use this information to improve our online Help.
‹
All help topics
Legal Policies
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy
Non-Exhaustive List of Amazon Trademarks
Previous versions of Legal policies
Miscellaneous Reporting
Children's Privacy Notice
Fair Use Policy
Human Rights and Environmental Grievances
Communications with Amazon Employees
3rd Party Licensing Notice
Quick solutions
Your orders
                                            Track and return orders
Your orders
Track and return orders
Returns and refunds
                                            Return or exchange items
Returns and refunds
Return or exchange items
Carrier info
                                            Delivery carrier information
Carrier info
Delivery carrier information
Manage Prime
                                            Cancel or view benefits
Manage Prime
Cancel or view benefits
Payment settings
                                            Add or edit payment methods
Payment settings
Add or edit payment methods
Account settings
                                            Change email or password
Account settings
Change email or password
Sub-policy 8
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 9
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Agreements and Terms
Policies and Guidelines
Trademarks and Intellectual Property
Procurement and Suppliers
Data Protection and Privacy
Customer Agreements and User Terms for Products and Services
Main Services Agreement
Region-Specific Terms
Professional Services Terms
How We Protect Your Service Data (Enterprise Services)
How We Protect Your Service Data (Innovation Services)
Innovation Services List
Application Developer and API License Agreement
Marketplace Terms of Use
Assignments and Transfers
Reseller Subscription Services Agreement
Data Protection and Privacy
Zendesk Trust Center
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Data Processing Agreement
CCPA Addendum PowerForm
LGPD Addendum Powerform
BAA Powerform
Government Data Request Policy
Policies
Data Deletion Policy
Promotional Credits Policy
Regional Data Hosting Policy
Sub-processor Policy
Zendesk User Content and Conduct Policy
Product Terms
Accessibility Policy
In-Product Cookies Policy
Service-Specific Terms
Free Trial and Beta Services Terms
Free Trials
Beta Services
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
March 10, 2025
For the prior version of our Privacy Notice, click
here
.
For the prior version of our Zendesk Events Policy, click
here
.
Hello! Zendesk is a service-first CRM company that builds software designed to improve customer relationships. We’ve developed this Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) to explain to you how we collect, use, disclose, and store personal data.
This Notice
only
applies when Zendesk is the Controller of personal data (example: Zendesk website visitors’ personal data and business-to-business contact data).
Zendesk is a
Processor
, not a Controller, of personal data that we process on behalf of our Subscribers when they use Zendesk products and Services. For clarity, this means that this Notice does
not
apply to where Zendesk processes personal data as a processor in its products and Services. If you have questions related to how a Zendesk Subscriber utilizes your personal data, please contact them directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our Subscribers. This Notice also does not apply to personal data about current and former Zendesk employees, job candidates, or contractors and agents acting in similar roles.
Table of Contents:
Introduction
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
How We Process Personal Data
Sources of Personal Data
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
External Links
Contact Information
Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
Supplemental Information for Other Regions
English Version Controls
Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
1. Introduction
This Notice applies to Zendesk, Inc. and its relevant Affiliates listed in
Section 14
(“
Zendesk
,” “
us
,” “
we
,” or “
our”
). Capitalized terms that we use but are not defined in the Notice (such as Site, Services, Subscriber, Agent, Agent Contact Information, etc.) have the meaning provided in our
Main Services Agreement
. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“
U.K.
”), please refer to
Section 11
of this Notice for more information about which specific entity or entities act as a controller of your personal data.
When Does This Notice Apply?
This Notice only applies to personal data that Zendesk handles as a Controller (meaning where Zendesk controls how and why your personal data is processed). This includes when you:
Visit or interact with the Zendesk.com Site, the Zendesk mobile applications, the Zendesk Marketplace, the Zendesk Developer Portal, our branded social media pages, and other Sites which we operate (collectively, our “
Digital Properties
”);
Register for or participate in our webinars, events, programs, marketing, and promotional activities;
Interact with us in person, such as when you visit our offices; and
Inquire about or engage in commercial transactions with us.
Changes
: We may update this Notice from time to time. Please check back periodically for updates. If you do not agree with any changes we make, you should stop interacting with us. When required under applicable law, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting an update on our Site or in another appropriate manner.
2. Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
The below table describes what personal data we collect about you and to whom we disclose personal data. California individuals: This table includes the parties we disclose personal data to for a business or commercial purpose, as defined by California law.
Categories of Personal Data Collected
Disclosures of Personal Data
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners
With third parties at your direction, such as event sponsors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
With third parties that are necessary to complete a transaction, such as credit card processors
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, accountants, and auditors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as security and platform vendors.
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to react positively to.
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Affiliates and subsidiaries within the Zendesk Group, which includes parent and ultimate holding companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, business units, and other companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Zendesk Group
Service providers, such as platform vendors
Entities involved in a corporate transaction, including if we sell, acquire, or merge all or some of our assets
To which you have consented to the disclosure
In addition to the above disclosures, we may share your personal data to respond to lawful requests by law enforcement or other government authorities, including to meet national security requirements, in accordance with our
Government Data Request Policy
. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate personal data to use or share with third parties for any purpose, where legally permitted.
3. How We Process Personal Data
We may process your personal data for the below purposes:
Purpose of Processing
Lawful Basis
To provide our products, Services, and Digital Properties to you
, including  processing and fulfilling transactions; enabling you to access the Digital Properties and our Services; operating, maintaining, and improving our Digital Properties and Services; communicating with you, such as by completing your support requests or providing security updates; and diagnosing, repairing, and tracking service and quality issues.
Legitimate interests; Contract; Legal obligations
For our own business purposes
, including maintaining internal business records and conducting internal reporting; collecting payments and performing accounting and similar business functions; auditing and managing projects related to our Services; performing IT security management and IT-related tasks, such as administration of our technologies and network; evaluating and improving our business, Services, and Digital Properties; and performing research and development of new products and services; and processing your survey and questionnaire responses.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
For legal, safety, or security reasons
, including to comply with legal requirements; establish, exercise, or defend against legal claims; protect the safety, security, and integrity of our property and the rights of those who interact with us or others; investigate any content or conduct policy violations; and detect, prevent, and respond to security incidents or other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
These safety purposes may also involve collecting and processing special categories of personal data (i.e., health data), for office visits and events where necessary for public health or as required by applicable law.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations; Public interest
For marketing our products and Services or those of third parties, such as our business partners
, including to solicit or publish testimonials or feedback about our products and Services; send you marketing and promotional communications or product recommendations (via email, phone, or other online and offline channels) about our Services or those of third parties; facilitate your participation in a contest or event; assess ad impressions or engage in contextual ad customization.
You may opt out of marketing communications
here
or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of our marketing communications. You may also manage your email preferences
here
. Note that some of our marketing materials and information may use tracking technologies and analytics tools to help us understand your preferences. For further information, please see
Section 5
below and our
Cookie Notice
.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
To fulfill a referral request when you use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services
, including by using the name, email address, title, and company name that you provide us to contact the person you are referring.
You must only provide others’ personal data if you have their consent to do so.
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Diversity, equity, and inclusion
, such as promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and representation within our business (where authorized by applicable law).
Consent (where required by law); Legitimate interests
Corporate transactions
, such as sales, mergers, acquisitions, reorganizations, bankruptcy, and other corporate events.
Legitimate interests; Legal obligations
When you have voluntarily agreed
to have your personal data processed.
Consent
Zendesk will honor data subject rights to the extent required by law. You may have the right to access, correct, update, and, in some cases, request deletion of your personal data (subject to exceptions). You may submit a request
here
.
Zendesk uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in processing data for certain purposes. These third-party providers help support certain site features, perform database monitoring and other technical operations, assist with the transmission of data, and provide data storage services. These third parties may process or store personal data while providing their services. Zendesk maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our obligations under applicable laws and privacy certifications described more fully below.
4. Sources of Personal Data
Information you provide to us directly
, including when you register and communicate with us directly through our Digital Properties, visit our offices, or participate in our events, marketing, and outreach activities.
Information collected from your employer
, coworkers, or friends, including information about representatives or other employees of our current, past, and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and business partners. We may also receive your information from a friend as part of a referral for our Services.
Information automatically collected
, including technical information about your interactions with our Digital Properties (such as IP address, browsing preferences, and purchase history). More information is available in
Section 5
below and in our
Cookie Notice
.
Information from public sources
, including information from public records and information you share in public forums, such as social media.
Information from other third parties
, including information from third-party service and content providers, entities with whom we partner to sell or promote products and services, and social media networks (including widgets related to such networks, such as the “Facebook Like” button).
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Notice, including third-party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified above.
5. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies and offer you the option to manage these settings as described in our
Cookie Notice
. Some tracking technologies enable us to track your device activity over time and across devices and websites. While some browsers have incorporated Do Not Track or DNT preferences, we do not honor such signals from web browsers at this time.
6. Security and Retention
We maintain appropriate security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
Your personal data will be generally retained as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected the personal data. Once you and/or your company have terminated the contractual relationship with us or otherwise ended your relationship with us, we may retain your personal data in our systems and records to ensure adequate fulfillment of surviving provisions in terminated contracts or for other legitimate business purposes, such as to evidence our business practices and contractual obligations, to provide you with information about our products and services, or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need nor lawful legal ground to process your personal data, we will delete, anonymize, or aggregate it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. If you want to know more about retention periods applicable to your particular circumstance, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Sites and Services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect online personal data directly from children. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor child and believe that the child has disclosed online personal data to us, please contact us using the details provided in
Section 9
below.
8. External Links
When interacting with us, you may encounter links to external sites or other online services, including those embedded in third-party advertisements. We do not control and are not responsible for privacy and data collection policies for such third-party sites and services. You should consult such third parties and their respective privacy notices for more information or if you have any questions about their practices.
9. Contact Information
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Notice or about the Zendesk Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
, or at:
Zendesk, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
181 Fremont Stree
San Francisco, CA 94105, United States
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF,  we commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
here
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
10. Supplemental Terms for California Residents
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), this Section 10 applies to certain personal data collected about California individuals where Zendesk controls how and why the personal data is processed (which the CCPA calls a “business”) and supplements the rest of our Notice above. This Section 10 does not apply to current or former employees, applicants, contractors, or agents.
a. Additional Data Processing Disclosures:
The below table provides the categories of personal data we have sold, shared, or disclosed to third parties, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. For reference, the table in
Section 2
provides the categories of personal data collected and our disclosures of personal data.
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
California Privacy Rights Act Details: Categories of Third Parties to Whom Personal Data is “Sold or Shared”
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and device identifiers (e.g., advertising identifiers and IP address).
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Business partners who we partner with to jointly market or sell our products and Services, such as channel partners.
Commercial information
, including preferences, such as purchasing history or tendencies and transactional information, such as banking information.
Not applicable
Internet or other electronic network activity information and device information
, such as your browsing history, search history, device information, and other information (whether passive browsing or active engagement) regarding your interactions with us and use of our products, Services, emails, and other Digital Properties.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Geolocation information
, such as approximate location based on your IP address, mobile device location, or information you provide to us (such as city and state you provide through a webform). You may be able to control collection of this data through the settings of your device.
Companies that operate Cookies and Tracking Technologies, described in
Section 5
, such as marketing and advertising partners.
Audio, electronic, visual, and other sensory information
, such as CCTV recordings of our premises (e.g., if you visit our offices); recordings of your interactions with our sales or advocacy teams (e.g., for quality assurance or training purposes, in accordance with applicable laws); or customer support chat or messaging logs.
Not applicable
Inferences as defined by California law
, such as marketing you are likely to positively react to.
Not applicable
Sensitive Personal Data
, such as proof of vaccination or race and ethnicity (optional) (where permissible under applicable law).
Not applicable
Although we have not “sold” or “shared” personal data for money in the past 12 months, we engage in routine practices with our Digital Properties involving third parties that could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” as defined under California law. We do not knowingly sell or share any personal data of minors under the age of 16. We do not collect or process “sensitive personal information,” as defined by California law, to infer characteristics about you. Zendesk only uses sensitive personal information consistent with the exceptions to the right to limit sensitive personal information.
Financial Incentives
: We may offer a benefit or offering in exchange for you providing personal data, such as a discount or coupon to individuals who respond to a survey. As part of these surveys we may collect personal data, such as your name, contact information, preferences, experiences, beliefs, opinions, and other responses to the survey questions. Participation in surveys is governed by the applicable terms and conditions for the survey, which will describe any financial incentives associated with that survey and how to participate. The value of your data is the value of the offer presented to you. We have calculated such value by using the expense related to the benefit. You may withdraw from any financial incentive at any time by emailing us at
privacy@zendesk.com
. If we offer another type of financial incentive, we will share with you the material terms of each offer when we ask you to participate.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Subject to legal limitations, certain California residents may have the below rights.
Right to Know.
You have the right to request information about the categories of personal data we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal data, the purposes for collecting the personal data, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal data, and the purpose for which we disclosed your personal data (“
Categories Report
”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you (“
Specific Pieces Report
”).
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request that we delete personal data that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct.
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal data that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing.
We do not sell personal data to third parties in exchange for money. However, as we explain in
Section 5
, we share information with advertising partners and allow advertising partners to collect information from our Digital Properties. This exchange may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under California law, and you have the right to opt out of this “sale” or “sharing” of personal data.
California residents may request to exercise the Right to Know, the Right to Delete, and the Right to Correct by using our
webform
. We will not discriminate against you, in any manner prohibited by applicable law, for exercising these rights.
How to Fully Exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing:
In order to fully exercise the Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing with respect to any “sale” or “sharing” of information, you must undertake both of the following steps:
Submit a Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request using our
webform
; and
Disable the use of advertising cookies and other tracking technologies by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in our website footer. You must complete this step on each of our Sites from each browser and on each device that you use. These steps are necessary so that we can place a first-party cookie signaling that you have opted out on each browser and each device you use.
If you block cookies, we will be unable to comply with your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing request for device data that we automatically collect and disclose to third parties online using cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies. If you clear the cookies in your browser, you will need to follow Step 2 above again. To the extent required by California law, we will honor “Do Not Sell or Share” opt-out preference signals sent in a format commonly-used and recognized by businesses at the browser level, such as an HTTP header field or JavaScript object.
Verification:
To process California data protection requests, we will need to obtain information to locate you in our records or verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request. In most cases, we will request information about you, which may include your name, email address, or other information. If you submit a Right to Know “Specific Pieces Report,” we may also request a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. We may request alternative information under certain circumstances and/or use third parties to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agents:
Authorized agents may exercise California data protection rights on behalf of California individuals, but we reserve the right to verify the individual’s identity directly as described above. Authorized agents must contact us by submitting a request through our
webform
and indicate that they are submitting the request as an agent. We may require the agent to demonstrate authority to act on your behalf by providing signed permission from you. We may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Timing:
We will process Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing requests within fifteen business days from the date we received the request. We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within forty-five days unless we need more time, in which case we will notify you, and it may take up to ninety days to respond to your request.
11. Supplemental Information for the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K.
The following terms supplement the Notice with respect to our processing of EEA (i.e., European Union Member States, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway), Swiss, and U.K. personal data. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the other parts of the Notice and the terms of this Section 11, Section 11 shall govern and prevail with regard to the processing of EEA, Swiss, and U.K. Personal Data, to the extent applicable.
Data Controller:
The Zendesk entity with which you have a primary relationship (such as the entity that concluded the Services contract with you; the entity that has provided you with marketing materials and promotional communications; or the primary entity in the region where you access our Site) is the controller within the scope of this Notice. In the majority of cases, this will be Zendesk, Inc., unless we specifically inform you otherwise.
a. Legal Basis for Processing:
Please see
Section 3
for the legal basis on which we rely for the collection, processing, and use of personal data.
b. Your Data Protection Rights:
Under applicable data protection laws, you may exercise certain rights regarding your personal data:
Right to Access.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us whether we are processing your personal data and related information, as well as the right to obtain a copy of your personal data undergoing processing.
Right to Data Portability.
You may receive your personal data, that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and you may have the right to transmit it to other data controllers without hindrance. This right only exists if the processing is based on your consent or a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data and to have incomplete data completed.
Right to Objection.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You may request that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Erasure.
You may request that we erase your personal data in certain cases.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of  the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Right to Refuse or Withdraw Consent.
In case we ask for your consent to process your personal data, you are free to refuse to give it. If you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time without any adverse consequences. The lawfulness of any processing of your personal data that occurred prior to the withdrawal of your consent will not be affected.
Right to Not Be Subject to Automated Decision-making.
The types of automated decision-making referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) EU/UK General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) do not take place in connection with your personal data. Should this change, we will inform you about why and how any such decision was made, the significance of it, and the possible consequences of it. You will also have the right to human intervention, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the details provided in
Section 9
above. Please note that we may refuse to act on requests to exercise data protection rights in certain cases, such as where providing access might infringe someone else’s privacy rights or impact our legal obligations.
c. International Transfers of Personal Data:
Due to the global nature of our operations, some of the recipients mentioned in
Section 2
of the Notice may be located in countries outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the U.K., which do not provide an adequate level of data protection as defined by data protection laws in the EEA, Switzerland, and the U.K. Transfers within the Zendesk Group or to third parties located in such third countries take place using a valid data transfer mechanism, such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and/or the U.K. Addendum to such clauses, approved Binding Corporate Rules, approved codes of conduct and certifications mechanisms, on the basis of permissible statutory derogations, or any other valid data transfer mechanism issued or approved by the EEA, Swiss, or U.K. authorities. More information on (including a copy of) our Binding Corporate Rules is available
here
, and evidence of our Binding Corporate Rules approval is available on the European Data Protection Board’s website
here
. Certain third countries have been officially recognized by the EEA, Swiss, and U.K. authorities as providing an adequate level of protection and no further safeguards are necessary. Please reach out to us using the contact information in
Section 9
above, if you wish to receive further information about how we transfer personal data or, where available, a copy of the relevant data transfer mechanism.
Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”).  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc.  have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Zendesk, Inc. FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf
. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In the context of onward transfers, Zendesk is accountable for the processing of personal data it receives under the Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Zendesk remains liable under the Principles if Zendesk’s agent processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Zendesk proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zendesk, Inc., FutureSimple Inc., and Smooch Technologies US Inc. compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Data Protection Officer:
The contact details for our data protection officer are as follows: Zendesk, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team and DPO, 181 Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States,
euprivacy@zendesk.com
or
privacy@zendesk.com
.
12. Supplemental Information for Other Regions
Australia:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Commonwealth) and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are dissatisfied with our handling of a complaint or do not agree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on
their website
. Alternatively, you may request that we pass on the details of your complaint to the OAIC directly.
Brazil:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“
LGPD
”). Those individuals who use or access our Sites or Services expressly consent to the collection, use, storage, and processing of their personal data by us for the purposes described in this Notice.
Canada:
Personal data, as defined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“
PIPEDA
”) will be collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under PIPEDA.
Japan:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“
APPI
”).
Nevada:
We do not presently sell personal data as defined under Nevada law. If you are a Nevada resident, you may nevertheless email us using the information above to exercise your right to opt-out of sale under Nevada Revised Statutes §603A et seq.
New Zealand:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 and its 13 Information Privacy Principles (“
NZ IPPs
”).
Singapore:
Personal data collected, stored, used and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“
PDPA
”).
United Kingdom:
Personal data collected, stored, used, and/or processed by the Zendesk Group, as described in this Privacy Notice, is collected, stored, used, and/or processed in accordance with the Zendesk Group’s obligations under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, as amended, superseded or replaced (“
U.K. GDPR
”).
13. English Version Controls
Non-English translations of this notice are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
14. Zendesk, Inc. Affiliates
Zendesk, Inc.; Zendesk Brasil Software Corporativo Ltda; Zendesk UK Limited; Zendesk International Limited; Zendesk APS; Zendesk Pty., Ltd; Kabushiki Kaisha Zendesk; Zendesk Incorporated; Zendesk GmbH; Zendesk Singapore Pte. Ltd.; Zendesk France SAS; Base sp. z o. o. (Base spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością); Zendesk Technologies Private Limited; FutureSimple Inc.; Zendesk Korea LLC; Smooch Technologies ULC; Cleverly, Unipessoal, LDA.; ZD Sub Holdings (U.S.); Zendesk Sweden AB.; Smooch Technologies US Inc. (U.S.); Zendesk S. de R.L. de C.V. (Mexico); Zendesk Technologies Spain S.L. (Spain); Zoro TopCo, LP; Zendesk Netherlands B.V.; Zendesk Italy S.r.l.; Tymeshift Inc; Tymeshift doo Novi Sad; Tymeshift Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.