Privacy Policy
PVDAPPS team. (“
PVDAPPS,
”
“we,”
or
“us” )
is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy governs your use of an application created by PVDAPPS named "
Heart Rate Plus: Pulse Monitor
" (each, an “Application”) on mobile devices.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download or register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as your health and fitness data include: heart rate, steps, flight climbed, age, body height, body weight. We may also use the information you provided (except health and fitness data) us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
We may also use Cookies and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (“URL(s)”) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to your smart phone while you are viewing a website. We may use both  session Cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your smart phone until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Sites. If you choose to disable Cookies, our Applications may not work properly. Like most companies, we automatically gather the information described above (“Automatically Collected Information ”) and store it in log files each time you use the Applications.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymous data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service.
Also we provide our partners with some information about the way you use our app so they can advertise products and services that are more likely to be relevant to you. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Applications, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device; however, advertisers will not have access to any other identifiable Personal Data. If you would like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, you can stop all collection of information by an Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
We may process the health data you provide by using the app to import or export the data with third-party services, such as Apple HealthKit and Google Health Connect.
For iOS: Data taken from Apple HealthKit is never sold nor shared with third parties or used for advertising purposes.
For Android: Data taken from Google Health Connect is never sold nor shared with third parties like advertising platforms, data brokers, or information resellers, the data only use to import the data and share with Health Connect.
“The use of information received from Health Connect will adhere to the Health Connect Permissions Policy, including the
Limited Use requirements
.”
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services and Google Analytics
AdMob
Firebase
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
support@pvdapps.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes This Privacy
Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here or informing you via email. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the
history
of this policy by reviewing the history of this document.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information asset for thin this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States.
Your Rights
You have all the right according your location:
GDPR
,
CCPA
. You can also request your data to be delete or you can use tool in our Application to delete it.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
support@pvdapps.com
.
Effective: April 03, 2024