Home
Data Privacy
Data Privacy
Data Privacy
Cookie Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyrights
Pricing Policy
About Offers
About:
We are committed to our users’ rights to privacy. We promise to share transparently all aspects of how the Cbazaar product and website work in regards to privacy, terms, and personal data, and we are in full support of efforts to ensure your protection online. The following is a collection of information and resources to help answer any questions you have about your experience with Cbazaar. We’re grateful for your interest and proud to have you as a part of our community!
GDPR compliance
The EU’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) take effect May 25 2018, and we are fully behind the spirit of these regulations for a safe and secure Internet. We aspire to embrace privacy by design and, whenever possible, to not collect and store personally-identifiable information. Our Privacy Policy contains mentions of the few instances where personally-identifiable information is required. Typically this will include an email address in order to log in to Cbazaar in order to manage your account. Overall, we aim for privacy by default: if data collection is not integral to the way our product works, then we won’t collect it. This approach has felt very much in line with the spirit of GDPR, and we’re fortunate that a lot of these data collection practices have been in place at Cbazaar for some time. As such, you may see few banners or forms requesting consent for us to collect personally-identifiable information for tracking or other purposes. We don’t deem this information necessary to provide Cbazaar’s service to you, and we choose not to engage in activities and strategies that make this data relevant. At any time, you may request your information to be exported and sent to you for review, and we promptly honor any requests by you to have your information deleted and forgotten.
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect the privacy rights of our visitors or users or customers  and recognise the importance of protecting the information collected about them. This privacy policy is about how we collect, store, and use the personal information that you provide to us. As part of our commitment to your privacy rights and security, our websites have been certified by Cybertrust.
This privacy policy explains:
What personal information do we collect from you and how?
What about cookies? What are cookies?
How this information may be used
Who we will share your personal information with
Where we process your personal information
Marketing opt-in and opt-out provisions
How you can access your personal information and keep it up to date
Safeguarding your personal information
Why we link to other websites
How we can make changes to this policy
Where and how to ask questions or contact us about this policy
If you are under 16, you must inform a parent or guardian about our privacy policy to obtain their agreement to the privacy policy before registering, subscribing or placing an order with us.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU AND HOW?
We and our business partners collect information about your use of our online services using cookies. Cookies are very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other device which we can access when you visit our site in future. Cookies help us remember who you are and other information about your visits. They can help display the information on a website in a way that matches your interests. Most major websites use cookies.
For more information about how we use cookies, please read our
cookie policy
.
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES? WHAT ARE COOKIES?
We and our business partners collect information about your use of our online services using cookies. Cookies are very small files that are sent by us to your computer or other device which we can access when you visit our site in future. Cookies help us remember who you are and other information about your visits. They can help display the information on a website in a way that matches your interests. Most major websites use cookies.
For more information about how we use cookies, please read our
cookie policy
.
HOW THIS INFORMATION MAY BE USED
Whenever you give us your personal information we will use it in accordance with applicable privacy laws and for the purposes set out in this policy, on the data entry forms you complete, in any relevant terms and conditions and on pages or emails which link to the data entry forms.
When you use our services:
If you use any of our services, register for or attend one of our events, set up, look at or change your account details or contact your personal shopper or a member of our Customer Care team, we will record your personal details. Your information will be used in the first place to provide the products, services or information you have asked for and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience. We keep the information you provide and may use it for several purposes, including: (i) accounting, billing, reporting and audit; (ii) credit checking or screening; (iii) authentication and identity checks; (iv) credit, debit or other payment card verification and screening; (v) debt collection; (vi) safety, security, health, training, administrative and legal purposes; (vii) data matching and dedupe, statistical and market analysis, and marketing information; (viii) advertising and marketing for us, our Group and third parties; (ix) developing, testing and maintaining systems; (x) studies, research and development; (xi) customer surveys; (xii) customer care and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences; (xiii) where required by law or in connection with legal proceeding or disputes; and (iv) any other uses set out in the terms and conditions for use of our services. For these purposes we may disclose your information to one or more of the other organisations listed in the section called “who we will share your personal information with”.
Saved payment card details will only be shared with our payment partner and not with any other third parties and will only be used to process your order, using our payment partner's systems.
We may also use your personal information to send you marketing updates, as detailed in the next section.
Tracking how our online services are used: We collect, and use third parties to collect and share with us, information from lots of visitors to our online services and analyse it to build up a picture of how people use our websites. This helps us improve the services we offer. We may also give anonymous statistics about visitors to other, reputable organisations, but the information we provide will not include details that would allow these organisations to identify you. For more information on our use of cookies, please read our
cookie policy
.
Customization of our online services and advert targeting: We may use the information you give us about yourself and the information we collect via cookies when you use our online services to build up a picture of your interests. We may then use this information to try to make sure that when we send you marketing communications and when you visit our websites or use our online services, you don't miss offers and information that might interest you. This information may also be used by our third party advertising agencies and networks, to advertise our own or third party products and services to you when you visit third party websites and online services. This is called advert targeting or interest-based advertising. For more information on how to reject targeted advertising or interest-based advertising cookies please read our
cookie policy
.
Testimonials:
If you give us feedback, we may use it to improve our services and we may publish it online or offline to promote our business and our services. We will ask for your permission before we publish it.
Comments and reviews submitted to our online services:
If you wish to submit a comment or feedback on a blog or article featured on our services, we may (but are not obliged to) publish your comment online or offline to promote our business and our services. We will collect your name or username which will be displayed next to your comment and e-mail address, which will not be published, but which we may use to contact you in relation to your comment.
Mobile services:
When you request our mobile services, we may keep your mobile phone number, the make and model of your phone, the operating system used by your phone and details of your network operator, and we will link a unique identifier to your mobile phone number. We’ll store your device language, app language, country, We need this information in order to provide the features and services enabled through our mobile services and to administer our mobile service. We may also use it for SMS or voice marketing and market research.
Social networks:
If you follow us or interact with us on any of our pages on third party social media platforms, such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+, information you provide will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, as well as this privacy policy.
Direct marketing:
For information on how we may market to you, please read the section called “marketing opt-in and opt-out provisions”.
Customer surveys:
Every now and again, we may ask you for your opinion on our services and the products you have purchased through our services. When we do research or surveys, we may use cookies and may combine the information collected by those cookies with your answers.
WHO WE WILL SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH
We will share your information with other companies in our Group, who may use it for their own business purposes, as set out in their privacy policy. These purposes may include financial reporting and analysis, strategic planning, the development of customer segmentation and metrics to provide a consistent view of our customer base, research and analytics, to help us source the right products in future and make better product recommendations, more effective targeting of our marketing campaigns, the creation of inspiring content and editorial features, the development of new products and collaboration opportunities with designer brands. It will also be used to provide more tailored marketing by phone, post, email, SMS or any other means (electronic or otherwise) and you expressly agree to such use.
From time to time, we may engage third party business partners to provide information about you or to collect personal information on our behalf. We may also share or match your data with third party business partners to provide you with the products, services or information you ask for or for interest-based advertising. We may pass your information onto one or more of the following organisations: (i) data processing companies, mailing houses and other third party suppliers working on our Group’s behalf; (ii) ad-serving agencies and other advertising intermediaries; (iii) credit reference or fraud prevention agencies, which may keep a record of that information; (iv) research students, universities and other research and development organisations; (v) regulatory bodies, government and enforcement agencies, such as the police.
Every now and again, we receive requests for information from government departments, the police and other enforcement agencies. If this happens, and there is a proper legal basis for providing your personal information, we will provide it to the organisation asking for it.
We collate information about site traffic, sales, wish lists, and other commercial information which we may pass onto third parties, but this information does not include any details which can identify you personally.
WHERE WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When we use your information as described in this policy, this may involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). When we do this, we make sure that appropriate steps are taken to protect your personal information and your rights. By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information outside the EEA. Governments in certain countries such as the USA have broad powers to access data for security, crime prevention and detection and law enforcement purposes.
MARKETING OPT-IN AND OPT-OUT PROVISION
We offer you the chance to receive news and fashion updates which, depending on your preferences, we will discuss with you by phone or live chat or send to you via email, SMS and/or direct mail. These include alerts for new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests, events of interest, and one-off marketing promotions. You can opt-out of receiving these updates, if you wish.
We, or our third party business partners, may also ask you if you want to receive marketing if you enter a promotion or attend an event thrown or sponsored by us. Other companies in our Group may also pass your personal information to us for marketing use.
Marketing communications you subscribe to will only be sent by our Group.
You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for marketing. At all times, we will offer you the opportunity to unsubscribe from any service or update to which you have subscribed, if you change your mind. Whenever you receive direct marketing from us, we will tell you how to unsubscribe. Alternatively you can change your marketing preferences by logging into My Account. To opt out of direct mail, please contact our Customer Support by email at
care@cbazaar.com
.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND KEEP IT UP TO DATE
You have the right to see information we hold about you, with some exceptions which are described in the privacy laws. If you would like a copy of your personal information, please contact our privacy officer at
r.n@cbazaar.com
. You will need to pay a processing fee.
You have the right to review and update your personal details. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information we hold is not correct, please visit our online services and, after logging into the site using the "Sign In" menu on the home page, your personal information will be made available for review and change in the "My Account" section. Only you or, upon your request, our Customer Care team, may access your personal data from our online services using your user ID and password. Information may be changed online within “My Details”, “Shipping Details” and “My Email Preferences”. You can change or delete saved credit/debit card details each time you make a purchase. You will also be able to delete saved credit/debit card details by adding or editing a shipping/billing address. If you change your billing or shipping address while your order is still being processed, the order will be re-processed through security validation checks. If you prefer, you may contact us by email at
care@cbazaar.com
and we will amend your personal details.
In case you wish to delete your user data, you can request the same by email at
care@cbazaar.com
from the same email id as registered with us.
Please note once you request user data delete/deactivate the following action would take place
a. Your open or current orders would be processed as per the order information.
b. If you have any store credits or Paisley membership it would expire once the user data is deleted.
c. It would take up to 30 days for the user information to be deleted.
d. You would not be able to access your order history, measurements, or any other information on our website, or in apps post the user data delete/deactivate.
SAFEGUARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will take reasonable care to maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided to us. We have put in place technology and security policies which are designed to protect the personal information we hold about you. We also follow the security procedures that applicable privacy laws require. These cover storing, using and releasing any information you have provided and, as well as measures designed to prevent unauthorised access or use. When you place an order or access your account information, we use a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption which encrypts your information before it is sent to us to protect it from unauthorised use.
WHY WE LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our online services contain hyperlinks to websites that are owned and operated by other organisations. These websites have their own privacy and cookie policies, and we urge you to read them. They control how your personal information is used when you give it to these other organisations or they collect it with cookies. We do not approve any other websites and we are not responsible for any information, material, products or services that are on or accessible through those websites or for the privacy practices of websites run by other organisations. If you use these other websites you do so at your own risk.
HOW WE CAN MAKE CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this privacy policy from time to time so you may want to check it each time you give us personal information or use our websites.
WHERE AND HOW TO ASK QUESTIONS OR CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY
If you require further information about our privacy policy, please go to the help section of our websites where most of our policies are answered. We welcome your questions, comments and requests about this privacy policy. If you require more information, please contact our privacy officer at
r.n@cbazaar.com
.
PRICE
DISPATCH DAYS
STITCHING TYPE
SIZE
COLOR
PRODUCT TYPE
PRODUCT STYLE
FABRIC
ART STYLE
x
USA, UK, AUS Support Time
:
Available 24/7 from Monday to Sunday
INDIA Support Time
:
9:00 AM - 6:00 PM IST from Monday to Saturday
USA
+1-732-456-6633
+1-732-456-6633
India
+91-9962196000
+91-9962196000
Drop us an email
(or)
Chat with us
Select the product
Select the product
Upload a photo
Upload a photo
(Minimum 400px X 600px, not bigger than 4MB)
Terms & Conditions
The images of you in our outfit are what will get featured on the Ethnovog'ette diaries.
Only qualified pictures based on the brand guidelines would be rewarded with store credits. We do not encourage improper imagery.
I agree the Terms and Conditions
Submit
Cancel
For the perfect customer service experience kindly provide us with your email id
Password did not match
RESET PASSWORD
The link has become invalid. Please reset your password by using the recently shared link or
click here
to generate a new reset link.
Now you will be redirected to another store view according to your geo-location.
Forgot your Password?
Reset Here
Login with Password
CONTINUE AS GUEST
02:00
Not received OTP?
Resend OTP
CONTINUE
Login with Password
Password resent link is sent to your email id
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies
Learn more
.
Accept & Hide