Privacy Policy
Your
privacy and safety is the upmost important issue for us. We created our Privacy
Policy to make important disclosures about how you use
RXCamView
to
capture, view, and store video, share with others, and how we collect and may
use the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information").
The
RXCamView
team has built a sophisticated and easy-to-use video home
monitoring system through your smartphone. We will not request for your
personal information unless we are obligated to do so. We will not share or
store any personal information unless required for the operation or the
programming, by laws, or to conduct product development.
Personal Information and Content
We
receive and store any Personal Information and Content you enter or upload to
our Services. The types of Personal Information and Content collected may
include, but are not limited to:
•    Camera
locations and names, that you are asked to enter and may change at any time.
•    Video
and audio signals and data are recorded and processed, depending on how you may
have configured your Services. This may include
RXCamView
sending you
portions of the Content as part of a notification, or analyzing the data to
identify motion or other events. If you have recording features enabled, we
will capture, process and retain video and audio recordings from your device,
of which you will be able to access, for the duration of your recording
subscription period.
•    You
may save and choose to share Content for others to access using the Services.
We will collect and store information required for us to save or share your
Content.
•    We
may also draw upon this Personal Information and Content in order to modify and
customize the Services to better suit your needs, to improve the effectiveness
of our network and Services, and to develop new tools to enhance usability and
security. Under no circumstance will any employee or agent of
RXCamView
ever look at your private videos within your account unless given express
consent to do so.
Information we receive from third parties and Cookies
We
may receive and store information from third parties that interact with the
Services or that provide services to us in connection with our operation and
the Services, mostly to collect data and monitor application usage and
performance.
RXCamView
will provide your Personal Information to these
3rd party Services solely for the purposes noted above. In addition, you may
choose to use third party apps that share with
RXCamView
the Personal
Information, activities and/or content you provide to those third party apps.
In such case, we would like to remind you to please read the privacy policy of
any such app so that you understand its sharing practices. We will also use
cookies to identify each user.
You Are Always In Control
We
assure you that you are the sole person who may choose to share your Personal
Information. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone,
though we may provide aggregate, non- personally identifiable information to
our partners. The default setting for all Personal Information and Content is
to make that information visible only to others in the private groups you
create or join on
RXCamView
. You may modify that setting as part of the
Services.
RXCamView
may only share your Personal Information and Content
only as described in this Privacy Policy, except for when required by law or
applicable authorities to release the information.
Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
Your
Personal Information is protected on
RXCamView
by your username and
password. We highly recommend that you select and protect your password
appropriately, and limit access to your computer and mobile phone to only those
individuals whom you trust to prevent unauthorized access to your account and
to your Personal Information and Content.
RXCamView
endeavors to
safeguard Personal Information and Content to ensure that information is kept
private, through physical, electronic, and procedural measures.
Updating this statement
RXCamView
may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You
should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any
changes.