Privacy Policy
Dear AppLovin’  (I am not putting my personal email on this page, but the very fact that I can put this message here must SURELY prove I am the owner of this domain!
English
Uprising Games Limited does not collect or store any personal data from your device.
Data such as location / Device IDs / Network address  may be used by our advertising partners to deliver more relevant advertising through our games.
Some Advertising providers implement consent options for data usage which may be displayed within the App.
Francais
Uprising Games Limited ne collecte ni ne stocke aucune donnée personnelle de votre appareil.
Des données telles que l’emplacement / les identifiants de périphérique / l’adresse de réseau peuvent être utilisées par nos partenaires publicitaires pour diffuser des publicités plus pertinentes via nos jeux.
Certains fournisseurs de publicité implémentent des options de consentement pour l’utilisation des données, qui peuvent être affichées dans l’application.
Deutsche
Uprising Games Limited erfasst oder speichert keine persönlichen Daten von Ihrem Gerät.
Daten wie Standort- / Geräte-IDs / Netzwerkadresse können von unseren Werbepartnern verwendet werden, um relevantere Werbung über unsere Spiele zu liefern.
Einige Werbeanbieter implementieren Einwilligungsoptionen für die Datennutzung, die in der App angezeigt werden können.
Español
Uprising Games Limited no recopila ni almacena ningún dato personal de su dispositivo.
Nuestros socios publicitarios pueden utilizar datos como ubicación / ID de dispositivo / dirección de red para ofrecer publicidad más relevante a través de nuestros juegos.
Algunos proveedores de publicidad implementan opciones de consentimiento para el uso de datos que pueden aparecer dentro de la aplicación.
Italiano
Uprising Games Limited non raccoglie o memorizza dati personali dal tuo dispositivo.
Dati come posizione / ID dispositivo / Indirizzo di rete possono essere utilizzati dai nostri partner pubblicitari per offrire pubblicità più pertinenti attraverso i nostri giochi.
Alcuni fornitori di pubblicità implementano opzioni di consenso per l’utilizzo dei dati che possono essere visualizzate all’interno dell’App.
Português
A Uprising Games Limited não coleta nem armazena dados pessoais do seu dispositivo.
Dados como localização / IDs do dispositivo / endereço de rede podem ser usados por nossos parceiros de publicidade para fornecer publicidade mais relevante em nossos jogos.
Alguns provedores de publicidade implementam opções de consentimento para uso de dados que podem ser exibidos no aplicativo.