Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Hypnoscience Ltd T/A Max Kirsten and The Max Kirsten Clinic Privacy Policy.
Hypnoscience Ltd respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy informs you about the data processing practices carried out by Hypnoscience Ltd and also tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries about our practices, please contact our Data Controller, Hypnoscience Ltd, 35 Beauchamp Place, Knightsbridge, London SW3 1NU.
Purpose of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Hypnoscience Ltd collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide to us from time to time.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other Privacy Policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Contents
1. Who we are and the information that we collect
2. Use of personal information
3. Websites
4. Your information
4.1 Collecting your information
4.2 How we use your data
4.3 Keeping your data safe
4.4 Keeping your information up to date
4.5 Sharing information
4.6 Your data rights and right of erasue
5. Data Retention
6. Changes of ownership
7. Amendments
1. Who we are and the information we collect
We are: Hypnoscience Ltd., an English company set up, incorporated and registered in England and Wales; Registered Office: 105a Hoe Street, Walthamstow, London E17 4SA, England. Company Number: 05634107. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors.
(“we”, “our” and “us”). We are the data controller of any personal data that you provide us.  Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We collect information from you when you enquire about our activities and services, make an enquiry through any of our websites or if you otherwise provide us with personal information, for example, in person, over the phone, online, on paper or by SMS. This includes any interactions you may have with our staff members, consultants or contractors legally working on behalf of us.
We may collect, use, store and transfer the following kinds of personal data about you:
Initial Appointment Requests
– At an initial appointment request our request process involves providing us with your name, telephone numbers and email address. We may also request information on your availability, and other details.
Websites
– We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous data relating to user behaviour and ‘web traffic’ statistics. The collection and use of this data by Google Inc. is subject to their own Privacy Policies.
Other Forms –
The information you give us on our forms (including all enquiry and application forms) may include your name, postal address, email address, phone number and other messages to us.
2. Use of personal information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
To offer suitable appointments
To notify you about changes to your appointments and other changes to our services.
To seek feedback from you on your experience of services with us.
To improve our service to ensure that it is provided in the most effective manner for you and for us.
To administer our service, including the arrangement of appointments, for financial control, data analysis, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep in touch with those who consent to this, for the purposes of organisational, service and professional development.
We usually do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
We may send you information about Hypnoscience Ltd activities according to the preferences you may agree. If you would like to update your preferences at any point, please write to us at Hypnoscience Ltd, 35 Beauchamp Place, Knightsbridge, London SW3 1NU.
3. Websites
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
4. Your information
4.1   Collecting your information
We collect your information in the following ways:
When you provide it to us DIRECTLY,
you may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, [server logs] and other similar technologies such as the Google Fonts API (Google based outside the EU) to serve fonts to the website. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy
https://www.maxkirsten.com/cookie-policy/
for further details.
Technical Data from the following parties:
(a)     analytics providers [such as Google based outside the EU];
(b)     advertising networks such as Facebook and Twitter based inside OR outside the EU; and
(c)     search information providers such as Google based inside OR outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services based inside OR outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators based inside OR outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU.
Via the telephone answering system or by email.
Information available publicly
If your information is available publicly, this may include information found in places such as Companies House, the electoral roll and information that has been published in articles/ newspapers.
If you fail to provide data to use when requested, we may not be able to perform the service we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
4.2   How we use your data
The type and quantity of information we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which depends on why you are providing it. If you contact us to engage our services, we will usually collect:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes [internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website§].
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
There may be instances where we need to process
Special Category Data
provided by you or other users of our services during the lifetime of our service. Special category data is a more sensitive type of data which reveals insights about a person’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, health data, sex life, or sexual orientation. We may also process data that relates to criminal and/or civil offences as well as child data in some very limited circumstances, and you will be made aware of this if we need to collect this data from you. Sensitive data collection will only take place where it is applicable to the provision of the services that we are asked to provide. The fundamental rights of the data subjects are always assessed to ensure that the processing is fair, transparent and lawful.
We use your data to:
Provide you with services or information you have requested
Keep a record of your relationship with us
Ensure we know how you would like us to stay in touch
Understand how we can improve our services and information
We may also use your personal information to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the service, we are about to enter into or we have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Click
here
to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
4.3   Keeping your data safe
We will ensure that there are always appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details. We undertake regular reviews of who has access to information that we hold to ensure that your information is only accessible by appropriately trained staff.
We may be asked to disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors and will so do when bound by law.
4.4   Keeping your information up to date
We use publicly available sources to keep records up to date, we also rely on you to let us know of any changes to your contact details.
4.5   Sharing Information
Partners connected to the intervention we are progressing with you, e. g. fellow therapists. This will only be done with your prior consent.
We will never sell or swap your personal details with other organisations for their marketing purposes.
If at any point you would have any concerns, please email
support@maxkirsten.com
If you want to access your information, please write to us at Hypnoscience Ltd, 35 Beauchamp Place, Knightsbridge, London SW3 1NU.
This information will be provided to you by email (or post) within one month of the receipt of your request free of charge.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
5. Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, medical, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
6. Changes of business ownership and control
Hypnoscience Ltd. may, from time to time, expand or reduce its business and this may involve the sale of certain divisions or the transfer of control of certain divisions to other parties. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any division so transferred, be transferred along with that division and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the data (including personal data) for the purposes for which it was supplied by you. In the event that the new owner or newly controlling party materially change this privacy policy, we will notify in advance.
7. Amendments
Hypnoscience Limited reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Any changes will be posted on the web site and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the Policy on your first use of the web site following the posting of the alterations. Therefore, you should check our privacy policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 11
th
February 2023.