Privacy Policy
Zytoona @2017
متقاطعة كراش
متقاطعة كراش
ما بعد كلمات كراش
كلمات كراش
كلمات كراش
كاندي كراش الكلمات
ضربة معلم
ضربة معلم
لعبة الغاز منوعة
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.zytoona.com/privacy-policy:
top of page
Privacy Policy
Zytoona Games
[“Zytoona Games”, “Zytoona”, “us” or “our” refers to Zytoona Games]
​
This page is used to inform Game players regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the games made by Zytoona Games.
Our games are provided by no cost and intended for use as is.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone excep
t as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at WordsCrush unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to Login to Facebook App for certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, friends list and Profile Image. Yet, none of these information is retained by us, it's merely used by App in local device.
Besides, our app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
​
Data Deletion
You can request the deletion of your personal information by contacting us at
zait@zytoona.com
or
zytoona.labs@gmail.
com
or through
contact us form
. To ensure prompt handling, please begin the email subject with "Data Deletion." Be prepared to receive a follow-up email to confirm the request and provide any required information. Once We rece
ive and confirm Your request we will fulfill Your request within 60 days.
Please note that data which has been deleted can not be recovered at any time, yet disconnecting from Facebook within the App will not delete your data or a
ccount.
​
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
​
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
for advertising
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
​
Advertising
We use advertising in our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free. Our main partner for Advertising is Google Ads, wher through we mediate to other Ad networks, which specifically includes:
Google Ads:
Privacy Policy
Facebook Ads:
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads:
Privacy Policy
Adcolony:
Privacy Policy
Vungle:
Privacy Policy
​
Changes to This Privac
y Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Th
us, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
.
datadeletion
bottom of page