We’re updating our Woolworths Group Privacy Policy. The updated Privacy Policy will come into effect on 06 March 2025.
View here
.
Woolworths Group Privacy Centre
We know how important your privacy is to you. And it’s important to us too.
That’s why we’ve created the Woolworths Group Privacy Centre,
a central destination where you can learn all about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy.
We care deeply about your privacy
When you trust us with your personal information, we’re committed to keeping it safe and secure and using it responsibly.
We want to make every effort to help you understand how your personal information is collected, used and shared securely at Woolworths Group. Because when we do the right thing today, we can help create a better tomorrow.
Woolworths data ethics principles
We're committed to doing the right thing, and we're guided by our principles to use your data responsibly at Woolworths Group
We respect the person behind the data, honour their choices and protect and use their data safely.
We use data in a way that brings value to our customers, our team and our partners
We balance using data to provide benefit and convenience with a person's right to have control over their own lives
We embed humans in decision making processes wherever possible
We deliver beneficial outcomes that promote fairness, avoid harm and build trust.
We are responsible when using data by proactively addressing unfair bias or discrimination
We make informed decisions acknowledging possible trade-offs or competing priorities
We strive to ensure the data we use is accurate, appropriate and as complete as possible
We are responsible for our decisions, how these are made, and their outcomes, even if unintended.
We are empowered to make appropriate decisions, acting with purpose when an issue requires action or escalation
We use data and insights to inform our decision making processesfor better and more accurate outcomes
We are accountable for the outcomes of processes and technologies
We are clear and can explain what we do and why we do it, in order to meet individual and community expectations.
We are able to offer 'fit for purpose' explanations on how we use data
We seek informed consent and respect that preferences and expectations can shift over time
Oversight and contestability mechanisms will be built into projects that utilise advances data analytics
We are champions of curiosity, challenge and collaboration. We advocate for human values.
We feel confident about sharing our opinions and actively listening to other opinions
We challenge ourselves and each other across all levels to model behaviours that align with responsible data use
We use data to better inform our decision making process
Our brands
We create better experiences together for a better tomorrow
As a Group, we are focused on creating sustainable long-term value for our customers, team members, shareholders, suppliers and the broader community by being purpose-led to create better experiences together for a better tomorrow.
So you can be sure we are committed to managing your data responsibly, no matter which brand you use and trust.
Woolworths
Read more
Woolworths is Australia’s largest supermarket retailer, providing customers with superior service, range, value and convenience.
Everyday Rewards
Read more
Everyday Rewards is the loyalty program that allows our members to enjoy extra grocery and lifestyle benefits by regularly shopping with us.
Big W
Read more
One of Australia’s most loved brands, we offer an extensive range of great quality products for adults, kids, home, leisure and everyday life.
Everyday Insurance
Read more
Everyday Insurance offers a range of covers across Car, Home, Landlords and Pet Insurance.
Everyday Mobile from Woolworths
Read more
Everyday Mobile from Woolworths Mobile phone plans plus ways to save as an Everyday Rewards member.
HealthyLife
Read more
Get expert-led health advice, tips, free programs and tools and collect Everyday Rewards points* on vitamins, health food, personal care, beauty, home & living and more when you shop.
*Exclusions apply.
Everyday Market from Woolworths
Read more
Everyday Market is an online marketplace designed to compliment the existing food and grocery range at Woolworths.com.au, with a key focus on aisle extension in the household appliances, baby, toys, pet care, health and beauty categories.
Everyday Pay
Read more
Everyday Pay is the secure way to collect points and pay everyday. Located within the Everyday Rewards app, Everyday Pay is available in-store at Woolworths Supermarket, Metro and BIG W nationwide.
Cartology
Read more
Cartology is one of Australia's leading retail media businesses, powered by Woolworths Group. Cartology provides targeted omnichannel marketing solutions and closed loop reporting to help brands grow. With Cartology, brands can drive real customer impact in the moments that matter most, because at Cartology, we get customers.
Woolworths Metro
Read more
Woolworths Metro makes sure that you've always got the option to walk by and pick up something fresh to eat for all your meals and snacks.
MILKRUN
Read more
Metro60 is now MILKRUN. Groceries delivered in minutes.
Woolworths Gift Cards
Read more
There’s a Gift Card for everyone. With over 40+ Gift Cards, it’s easy to find the perfect gift.
Woolworths at Work
Read more
Woolworths at Work is a whole new business grown to take care of business - from fresh food and kitchen supplies to cleaning and office essentials. Our free business solutions will help save time, drive efficiencies and add real value - from consolidated invoicing to help reduce paperwork, to spend visibility and powerful insights across your entire business’ fresh and essentials purchases to help inform decisions. Woolworths at Work, the smart way to buy for business.
Show more
Looking after your personal information
Find out how we collect, use, protect and share your personal information - like your name, date of birth or email address.
Generally, we collect your personal information directly from you when you activate or use our services, or when you interact with us in person, online, or over the phone.
We may collect your personal information from third parties to help improve the products and services we provide, protect your information, or manage fraud.
Discover more
We use your personal information to send you personalised offers, fulfil your online orders, and customise your experience across Woolworths Group.
We also use personal information to produce insights to understand your preferences, shopping patterns and show you relevant ads.
Discover more
We take the protection of your personal information seriously. We design our systems with the protection of your security and privacy in mind.
We store your personal information in a secure environment and it's protected through a range of security measures and encryption methods.
Discover more
We sometimes share preferences and insights with Everyday Rewards Partners, suppliers and service providers without revealing who you are.
There are limited circumstances when we do share your personal information in a form that can identify you.
Discover more
Cookies and digital identifiers
We use cookies and digital identifiers to improve your browsing experience and customise what you see online.
Discover more
Top tips to protect your information
We have security measures in place to protect your personal information.
There are also some simple steps you can take to give yourself extra protection online.
Woolworths Group Privacy Policy
This document outlines the way we collect, hold, secure, use and share your personal information.
Read Privacy Policy
Woolworths Group Cookies Statement
Our Cookies Statement makes it easy to understand what cookies are, how we use them to improve your experience on our websites and your options to control them on your devices.
Read Cookies Statement
Our documents.          Your privacy.
If you want any more information about how your personal information is handled under the Woolworths Group Privacy Policy, you’re welcome to check out our policy documents.
You can also access the Collection Notice for each of our brands on their respective websites.
More advice and support
There are various organisations across Australia that can provide you with more guidance, information and resources on how to protect your personal information.
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner is the independent regulator for privacy and freedom of information, and provides guidance on how to protect your personal information.
Find out more
IDCARE, Australia and New Zealand’s national identity and cyber support service, can help if you have concerns about identity fraud.
Find out more
Run by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, Scamwatch provides information, tools and resources to help you recognise, avoid and report scams.
Find out more
Get in touch
If you want to access or update your personal information, or make an enquiry or complaint about your privacy, please contact our Privacy Office using the contact details below.
Email address:
privacy@woolworths.com.au
Phone
1300 908 631
Postal address:
Privacy Office
Woolworths Group Limited
PO Box 8000
Baulkham Hills NSW 2153
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.woolworthsgroup.com.au/au/en/privacy/policy-documents/privacy-policy.html:
Woolworths Group Privacy Policy
Woolworths Group Privacy Policy
This document outlines the way in which we collect, hold, secure, use and share your personal information.
You can download a copy of our
Privacy Policy
to view it in a PDF.
Policy effective: 6 March 2025
Download our
Previous policy
.
About Woolworths Group
Woolworths Group (referred to as ‘Woolworths’, ‘we’ or ‘us’) includes Woolworths Group Limited ABN 88 000 014 675 and its subsidiaries.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Australian Woolworths Group businesses unless that business has adopted a separate policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Woolworths Supermarkets, Metro, Everyday Rewards, Everyday Insurance, Everyday Mobile, BIG W, Cartology, Healthylife, MILKRUN and Primary Connect.
Our other businesses maintain their own privacy policies, which you can find linked below:
MyDeal.com.au
PetStock
PFD Foods
Quantium
Woolworths New Zealand Privacy Policy
Wpay
We collect and hold personal information that helps us to provide the information, goods or services you are using or that you might be looking for. If we do not collect the information, we may not be able to provide these things, which may detract from your overall experience.
We collect your personal information directly from you when you activate or use our services, or interact with us in person, over the telephone or electronically (e.g. via websites, apps, social media posts, chats, telephone, emails, SMS and/or push notifications). We may also collect personal information about you from third parties, as described in the ‘Other sources’ section below.
Below are some examples of personal information we may collect from you and how we collect that information:
Everyday Rewards Loyalty program:
When you register to participate in Everyday Rewards or when you use your Everyday Rewards Card:
your contact details (including your name, email addresses, mobile number and residential and delivery addresses) and date of birth
transaction details
information about purchases for which you earn Everyday Rewards points as well as your use of those points.
For more information about how we collect your personal information when you participate in Everyday Rewards, please see the
Everyday Collection Notice
.
Shopping with us:
When you shop with us, including online, or browse our websites or apps:
your contact details, delivery address, and Everyday Rewards Card number
information about your orders and purchases, including what, how, and when you buy from us
we may ask for your ID, such as your driver’s licence, if you purchase alcohol or tobacco, or other forms of identification so that you can use certain services we provide
whether you have taken up or subscribed to any of our offerings such as clubs, subscriptions or loyalty program, and services such as Mobile or Insurance
information about your online browsing behaviour on our websites and apps, including promotions you activated, as well as items you have added to your cart
information collected and held via our secure financial systems about the payment card and method you use for your purchases from us
like many websites, tracking technologies, such as "cookies", are used to obtain certain types of information such as application activities, current location of your device, type and version of your browser, your device ID and other device metrics when you visit our websites, apps or certain third parties’ websites or apps (see Cookies Statement for details). This information helps with functionality of the website or app and allows us to provide our services to you - for example, your device location is relevant to fulfil your Direct to Boot orders
images and videos that you post online to facilitate our service provision or sales promotions, for example, when you provide feedback or a review
For more information about what we collect from you when you shop with us, see our
Woolworths Collection Notice
or the
Big W Collection Notice
.
Participating in promotions:
When you contact us or we contact you to take part in competitions, promotions, testimonials, reviews, surveys, focus groups or make other enquiries:
your contact details and, where relevant, your Everyday Rewards Card number
whether you activated a promotion
the content of online communications with you, including competitions, promotions, feedback, reviews, ratings, comments and images included on any of our websites, apps or social media pages or any of our other digital services
an electronic copy of the written communication or voice recording of the conversation.
At our stores and other sites:
When you visit us in person, including for events:
your contact details and Everyday Rewards Card number for in-store services such as pick up, home delivery or special orders
we may ask for your ID, such as your driver’s licence, if you purchase alcohol or tobacco
cameras (including security and team safety cameras)  record footage within our stores and sites
your contact details if security or team members are investigating whether you may have breached any store procedures or if you are injured in any one of our stores or are witness to an incident
any other information that you provide to us, for example if you choose to leave your details with us for recruitment or other purposes.
For more information about how we collect your personal information when you visit our stores, please see our
In Store Technology and Your Privacy
page.
When you apply to work with us.
To understand how Woolworths handles personal information when you apply for a role and as a team member, see the
Woolworths Group Team Member Privacy Notice
.
Other sources:
From time to time we may also collect personal information about you from other sources to provide you with the goods and services you want, to help us improve our records, improve the personalisation of our service to you, provide services to third parties such as Endeavour Group (the owner of BWS liquor stores) and detect fraud and scams. For example, we may collect personal information from:
Everyday Rewards Partners to facilitate your participation in the Everyday Rewards Program e.g. to convert Everyday Rewards points when you shop at an Everyday Rewards Partner business
information service providers to improve data quality. For example we validate addresses with Australia Post to improve your delivery experience
financial services and telecommunications organisations for fraud and scam prevention purposes.
Some of our products and services, like health-related and insurance services, require us to collect (or result in us collecting) your ‘sensitive information’ from you or from other sources. ‘Sensitive information’ is defined in the Privacy Act and includes information like health information. We only collect sensitive information when you provide consent to the collection, or if the collection is permitted by law.
We hold  personal information electronically in computers or cloud systems operated by us or by our service providers, and in some cases in hard copy. We implement a range of information security measures and encryption protocols when we handle your personal information to help protect it from unauthorised access, loss, misuse or wrongful alteration.
Some examples of techniques we use to help secure information include:
minimising personal information collected and used
encryption, obfuscation and hashing methods
restricting access to personal information in our systems and premises
conducting security and privacy risk assessments
privacy training for team members that handle personal information
We primarily collect, hold and use your personal information to provide services, or to promote and sell goods and services that you have requested, or which we think may be of interest to you. This may also include products and services provided by third parties.
We may also collect, hold and use your personal information for:
managing your online shopping accounts:
to fulfil your online orders and maintain your accounts on our websites and apps
managing your Everyday Rewards account:
to give you points and rewards for shopping with us, and to provide you customer support when needed
communication:
to send you offers, other communications and direct marketing that may be of interest to you. This may include email, SMS, in-app messages, push notifications and ads you see on Woolworths’ digital properties and third party websites
personalisation and advertising on Woolworths and third party websites:
to identify your preferences, to recommend and advertise features, products and services and to personalise your experiences
security, safety, investigations and fraud detection:
to protect our team members, customers, premises and systems from violent,  malicious or dangerous activity. We may audit and monitor your transactions and verify your identity to detect suspicious activity or to assist in responding to your complaints and to undertake investigations
improvement of our services, technologies and customer experience:
to test, review and improve the usability, functionality and effectiveness of our systems, products and services, for example by training machine learning models or reviewing call recordings for quality and training purposes
corporate services:
to allow us to provide services, including recruitment, fraud monitoring and logistics services to specific third parties such as Endeavour Group
analysis and reporting:
to understand the preferences and shopping patterns of our customers and to produce other insights about our trading performance and that of our suppliers. For example, this may involve grouping customers into segments with other customers who share similar demographics and shopping behaviours and the generation of product and sales insights relevant to various customer segments
purposes permitted or required by law
.
We may share personal information we hold about you to provide you with better experiences. This includes sharing information:
with third parties who work with us to provide you products and services. For example, delivery providers; Everyday Market from Woolworths Partners who need to know your address to fulfil your online orders; insurers who underwrite Everyday Insurance, or Telstra which provides you with your Everyday Mobile service
with Everyday Rewards Partners (such as Qantas, Ampol and BWS) to run the Everyday Rewards Program, to correctly allocate your points, and so you can receive personalised offers from us and those partners
for the purpose of marketing and advertising to show you relevant advertising both from Woolworths Group and on behalf of the suppliers who provide you with grocery and everyday needs products.  For example, we share certain information with digital platforms like Google and Meta to create audiences, which we then use to tailor the advertising you see when browsing or on social media.
with related bodies, business units and brands within the Woolworths Group to give you a seamless and personalised experience while interacting with the various businesses within the Woolworths Group
with third parties who offer operational and technical services such as expert data companies (to help us and third parties understand our customers and business) or technology and software providers (who support our in-store, online and back-end systems)
with financial service businesses and other service providers for security, safety, investigations, complaints and fraud prevention to help detect and prevent fraud, theft, verify your identity and conduct credit checks when necessary. We also work with police and other retailers to share information relating to an investigation or legal proceedings
when we restructure our business. For example if we’re involved in a takeover or merger, or sell any part of our business, we may need to share your personal information as part of the restructure, takeover or merger
when permitted or required by law.
We send direct marketing messages and use and disclose personal information to present targeted advertising on third party sites and personalise your experience on Woolworths websites and apps.
See
here
for more information about the controls you can use to opt out of certain types of direct marketing, targeted advertising or personalisation.
Some of our service providers, including data storage and technology service providers, may be located or operate outside of Australia.
Where we share personal information overseas, we take steps to ensure that our service providers are obliged to protect this personal information in accordance with Australian legal requirements and that they are only permitted to use personal information for the purpose for which it is shared.
At times, our service providers may hold your personal information  in a number of countries, including New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, United States, India, South Africa, The Philippines and Japan.
We may also share your personal information overseas for reasons including:
for disclosures between our Group companies. Our main business locations are in Australia and New Zealand, but some of our Group companies may be based in other countries from time to time
when you are overseas browsing or ordering from our Australian websites
where you are involved with public liability issues, we may share your personal information with our overseas insurer or other supplier of relevant services in the course of managing those issues.
You may request access to or correction of the personal information we hold about you.
You can access or correct some of your personal information on your online profile at any time.  You can also contact our Privacy Office with your request using the details shown in Section 12 below or see
here
for more information.
Before we provide access or correct your information, we may require you to verify your identity.
In some circumstances we may not be able to provide access to or correction of personal information we hold about you, but we will give you an explanation if that is the case.
Please contact our Privacy Office using the details shown in Section 12 below.
We may ask you to put your complaint in writing and to provide relevant details.
We will respond to your complaint in a reasonable period of time, usually within 30 days.
If you disagree with our decision, you may refer your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (
OAIC
).
Additional privacy notices and terms may be relevant to you depending on the nature of your dealings with us and on our particular businesses. For example, there are additional privacy terms in Woolworths Group brand’s collection notices (available on their respective websites), loyalty program terms, and terms of use for our websites.
For more brand specific privacy information:
BigW
Bunch
Cartology
Everyday Gift Cards
Everyday Insurance
Everyday Mobile
Everyday Pay
Everyday Rewards
HealthyLife
HealthyLife - Practitioner Only
MILKRUN
Primary Connect
Scan&Go App
Woolworths @ Work
Woolworths Online and In-store
WPay
This Privacy Policy is current from 6 March 2025. We may change it periodically. If we propose to change this policy, we will display the proposed policy on
www.woolworthsgroup.com.au
at least 2 weeks before any change comes into effect.
Read
here
for a copy of our previous Privacy Policy that was effective 9 July 2024 to 5 March 2025.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the way in which we collect, hold, secure, use or share your personal information, please contact us:
Phone: 1300 908 631
Email: privacy@woolworths.com.au
Post: Privacy Office
Woolworths Group Limited
PO Box 8000
BAULKHAM HILLS NSW 2153