AgSense
Carsonite
Cascade Earth Sciences
CMT
Hi-Light
HSS Superstruct
Industrial Galvanizers
Ingal Civil
Irriger
Ingal EPS
Locker Group
Shakespeare
Shakespeare Custom Composites
Site Pro 1
Site Pro 1 Australia
Tehomet
Torrent Engineering & Equipment
Valley Irrigation
Valmont
Valmont Belgium
Valmont China
Valmont Coatings
Valmont Composite Structures
Valmont France
Valmont Germany
Valmont Highway
Valmont India
Valmont Morocco
Valmont Netherlands
Valmont Poland
Valmont Stainton
Valmont Stainton Decorative
Valmont SM
Valmont Structures
Valmont Tubing
Valmont Utility
Valmont West Coast Engineering
Webforge
Whatley
Valmont
®
Industries, Inc.
Privacy Policy information
Privacy Policy
We recognize that visitors to our Websites are concerned about how personal information they provide online is maintained and used by us. To address these concerns and to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy, we have developed and implemented this privacy policy so you will know how we gather and provide our information. Please review our privacy policy from time to time as we may update or change it periodically.
Gathering and Use of Information
We collect personally identifiable information from visitors to our sites solely on a voluntary basis. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, postal address, email address, company name and/or telephone numbers (collectively referred to herein as "Personal Information"). We will never sell, transfer, or disclose any Personal Information we gather at our Websites to any third parties without your prior consent, except in cases when we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such Personal Information. We never require that this Personal Information be provided in order to gain access to our sites, nor will we require visitors to disclose more Personal Information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our sites. We collect Personal Information primarily for three reasons: 1) to email customers with updates and news, 2) to notify winners of contests, games and sweepstakes, and to distribute prizes, and 3) to send out brochures, etc. via regular mail to subscribers. There may be times when we share aggregate information about our users (for example, the % of male and female visitors to our sites) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in any effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our sites for our users.
Contests/Sweepstakes
We may periodically run contests and sweepstakes on our sites for which we ask users/participants to provide contact information (such as their email address). This information is used to contact the participant when necessary in accordance with the rules of the contest or sweepstakes.
Cookies/IP Addresses
Like many companies, we may use "cookie" technology to track customer visits through our sites. Cookies are pieces of information that a Website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. They enhance the online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. Any cookies we may use do not contain any personally identifying information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. And although you may receive cookies from many different sites, each cookie can only be read by the Web server that originally issued it. You are not even identified by name or email address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to our site. We use your IP address in two ways: to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Websites, and also to gather broad demographic information.
Polls & Surveys
Information gathered from polls and surveys are only for our internal use. If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted on the Website, then no identifiable Personal Information is ever included.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our sites will provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. Simply follow the procedure outlined at each site. Likewise, we will provide users with the opportunity to change any information previously provided.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Legal Policy, the practices of this site, your dealings with this Website, or your Personal Information, click on our ‘home’ page for contact information or contact Valmont Irrigation at
irrigation@valmont.com
.
You have certain rights in relation to Personal Data, subject to certain exemptions and depending on your country/region/state. If you have these rights in your country/region/state and you wish to exercise those rights. Please
click here to access our Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) web form
and our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible. Thank you.
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.valmont.com/about-us/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We recognize that visitors to our Web sites are concerned about how personal information they provide on-line is maintained and used by us. To address these concerns and to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy, we have developed and implemented this privacy policy so you will know how we gather and provide our information. Please review our privacy policy from time to time as we may update or change it periodically.
Gathering and Use of Information
We collect personally identifiable information from visitors to our sites solely on a voluntary basis. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, postal address, e-mail address, company name and/or telephone numbers (collectively referred to herein as "Personal Information"). We will never sell, transfer, or disclose any Personal Information we gather at our Web sites to any third parties without your prior consent, except in cases when we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such Personal Information. We never require that this Personal Information be provided in order to gain access to our sites, nor will we require visitors to disclose more Personal Information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our sites. We collect Personal Information primarily for three reasons: 1) to e-mail customers with updates and news, 2) to notify winners of contests, games and sweepstakes, and to distribute prizes, and 3) to send out brochures, etc. via regular mail to subscribers. There may be times when we share aggregate information about our users (for example, the % of male and female visitors to our sites) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in any effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our sites for our users.
Contests/Sweepstakes
We may periodically run contests and sweepstakes on our sites for which we ask users/participants to provide contact information (like their e-mail address). This information is used to contact the participant when necessary in accordance with the rules of the contest or sweepstakes.
Cookies/IP Addresses
Like many companies, we may use "cookie" technology to track customer visits through our sites. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. They enhance the on-line experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.

Any cookies we may use do not contain any personally identifying information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. And although you may receive cookies from many different sites, each cookie can only be read by the Web server that originally issued it. You are not even identified by name or e-mail address, just by a unique string of numbers that we assign the first time you come to our site.

We use your IP address in two ways: to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web sites, and also to gather broad demographic information.
Polls & Surveys
Information gathered from polls and surveys are only for our internal use. If sample answers to polls or surveys are posted on the Web site, then no identifiable Personal Information is ever included.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our sites will provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. Simply follow the procedure outlined at each site. Likewise, we will provide users with the opportunity to change any information previously provided.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the Legal Policy, the practices of this site, your dealings with this Web site, or your Personal Information, you can always contact us at our e-mail address,
valmontdataprivacy@valmont.com
.

You have certain rights in relation to Personal Data, subject to certain exemptions and depending on your country/region/state. If you have these rights in your country/region/state and you wish to exercise those rights. Please
click here to access our Data Subject Access Request (DSAR) web form
and our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.  Thank you.
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
REJECT
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
REJECT
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
REJECT
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Back
Vendor Search
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storage of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. For more information, please refer to our
Privacy Policy
and our
Website Accessibility Policy
.
COOKIE SETTINGS
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES