Privacy Policy
Established 10/15, 2018
Revised 07/18, 2021
This document is an English translation of the original version for reference purposes only. The original
			version is written in the Japanese language. In the case of any discrepancy between the original Japanese
			version and this English translation,
the original Japanese
				version
shall prevail.
Reafo co,.Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as “Reafo") receives personal information from its customers in
			providing its services, taking great care and protecting personal information is an important social mission
			that Reafo is expected to carry out, and based on such recognition, with all laws and regulations concerning
			the protection of personal information, guidance set out by the State and other relevant rules and norms.
1. Measures of Personal Information Protection
With the recognition of the risks associated with handling personal information, including unauthorized
			access, loss, destruction, alteration and leakage to or of personal information, Reafo will take all
			necessary corrective and preventive measures.
2. Protecting personal information
Reafo will conduct the following activities to implement the Personal Information Protection in a concrete
			manner:
(1)Reafo appoints a Chief Privacy Officer and imposes on and grants to him/her the responsibility and
				authority to Personal Information Protection.
(2)Reafo requests cooperation from companies and individuals with whom Reafo has business in relation to
				the protection of personal information.
(3)Reafo reviews its Personal Information Protection System from time to time to continually improve it.
(4)Reafo respects individual rights related to personal information, and when you request that Reafo
				disclose, correct, delete or suspend the use of your personal information, or submit complaints or
				requests for consultation concerning your personal information, Reafo will respond to such request
				within a reasonable period to the extent it deems appropriate.
(5)When collecting, using and providing your personal information, Reafo expressly notifies you of the
				purpose of use and whether or not and/or to whom your personal information will be provided, uses such
				information within the scope of the purpose after obtaining your consent, and take necessary measures to
				prevent any unintended use.
(6)Reafo establishes and maintains internal management rules to prevent any loss, leakage, unauthorized
				alteration or any other problem of or related to personal information and establishes and implements
				reasonable security measures.
3. Purpose of using personal information
Personal information acquired by Reafo will be used for the following purposes.
(1)Personal information about individuals who use services of Reafo
To provide and announce services.
To request payments of a usage fee for services.
To customize services and advertisements delivered to you.
To send notices to you.
To send campaign presents and other presents to you.
To utilize it for the improvement of services and the development of new services.
To prevent any use of services in a manner not in compliance with the Terms and Conditions of
						Use.
To create statistical data processed into a form by which no specific individual can be
						identified.
(2)Personal information about corporate customers
To send notices necessary for business, to perform a contract and to proceed business
						negotiations.
To manage corporate customer information.
(3)Personal information about individuals who make inquiries to Reafo
To respond to inquiries.
(4)Personal information about individuals who apply for jobs posted by Reafo
To provide information to, communicate with and send notices to job applicants.
To make a decision to hire.
(5)Personal information provided to Reafo as handling of such personal information is contracted to
				Reafo
To perform work contracted to Reafo.
For the purpose of use other than those set out above, please refer to "12. Contact" section below.
4. Face detection feature and data handling
(1)Purpose of Face detection feature
To processing images/videos and to provide user assistance features, Reafo may provide a face
						detection feature (or
						parts such as eyes, nose, and mouth).
(2)Handling of facial data
(A)Face detection processing
Reafo does not send images or videos to our server or third-party services for face
								detection.
It runs only on the user's device and processes face detection.
Therefore Reafo does not collect or store user images or videos.
(B)Handling of detected facial data
The detected facial data will be used only for the purpose defined in "(1)Purpose of
								Face detection feature".
Reafo does not use the detected facial data to collect/store or identify a specific
								individual.
5. Contracting out the handling of personal information
Reafo may contract out the entire or partial handling of the personal information it collects from you to a
			third party within the scope necessary for the achievement of the purpose of use. In this case, Reafo will
			enter into a basic agreement concerning the entrustment of personal information or any other necessary
			agreement with the third party, and conduct necessary and appropriate supervision of the contractors.
6. Provision of personal information to third parties
Reafo may provide your account information to a financial institution through which deposits are made. If
			Reafo provides your personal information to a third party other than the aforementioned case, it will do so
			only after identifying the party to whom your personal information is to be provided and the contents of
			your personal information to be provided and obtaining your consent, except in the following cases.
Cases in which the provision of personal information is based on the laws;
Cases in which the provision of personal information is necessary for the protection of the life, body,
				or property of an individual and in which it is difficult to acquire the consent of the person;
Cases in which the provision of personal information is specially necessary to improve public hygiene or
				promote the sound growth of children and in which it is difficult to acquire the content of the person,
				and
Cases in which the provision of personal information is necessary for cooperating with a state
				institution, a local public body, or an individual or entity entrusted by one when executing the
				operations described by laws and in which acquiring the consent of the person may hinder the execution
				of the operations.
7. Disclosure of personal information
When you request the acknowledgement of the purpose of use, disclosure, correction of content, addition or
			deletion, stopping use, erasing, and stopping provision to the third party of your own personal information
			(hereinafter referred to as "disclosure, etc."), Reafo responds to such request without delay.
8. Disclaimer
Reafo assumes no liability in the following cases. Where:
You disclose your personal information to the third party yourself using a function of services of Reafo
				or any other means; or
You are accidentally identified by the information disclosed by you on the website of services of Reafo.
9. Use of statistical data
Reafo may, based on the personal information collected from you, create statistical data processed into a form
		by which no specific individual can be identified. Reafo may freely and without any restriction use such
		statistical data by which no specific individual can be identified.
10. Collection and use of attribute information, action history and other information
Reafo may collect and use information which cannot identify the specific individual including the following
			information in order to make existing services and advertisements more suitable for you. Furthermore, for
			the same purpose, Reafo may provide such information to advertisers and information and service providers:
Cookies, URLs and contents accessed, reference order and other action history.
Sex, occupation, age and other attribute information.
Major services Reafo uses:
Google Analytics/Google Adsense/Google AdMob: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
11. Revision
Reafo may revise this " Privacy Policy" in whole or in part. Any important change will be announced on
			Reafo's website.
12. Contact
Contact for inquiries, complaints or requests for consultation regarding personal information:
Inquiry form