Privacy Policy
We highly respect your privacy by ensuring your data protection with reasonable means of protection required physically and electronically. It will be used only for providing you our services according to your interest and for the development of our services.  However, if necessary, we may share it with our affiliates, service providers and suppliers to be able to provide you with the requested services. We may provide links to third party, not owned or controlled by us, and are governed by a separate set of user Terms and Conditions. When accessing and using our services, you have to agree that you will not use our website and the content for unauthorized or illegal activity. The content and the website will not be used for commercial purposes. In case of violation, Airpaz have the right to file a legal suit. 

By reading this section and using our services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree that your personal information is accessible to us. This policy might change any time without prior notice. Please visit this page periodically to find out the changes that have been made and ensure you still agree with our Terms of Use. In case you disagree with the terms of use written in this page, we highly suggest you to discontinue using our services. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us.
i. Personal Data collection
Airpaz will collect your personal data, such as name, date of birth, nationality, phone number, email address, IC number and passport information, Airpaz account, credit card information for processing payment (expiry date and card number), and transaction history.  In addition, when you have an Airpaz account and connect it your social media accounts, it means that you allow us to exchange information with the social media provider. If permitted, we may send you emails in regard to activities that may be recognized to be of your interest (e.g newsletter and price alerts). We will also record your location, IP address, browser, device information, search history, clicks, pages you visit and time you spent in our websites, and language setting.

Beside your personal data, we will apply cookies when you use our website or mobile application in order to trace your internet usage. This cookie is essential for improving user experience. All collected personal data will be stored in our API.
ii. How Airpaz use your Personal Data
We will use your collected personal data for various purposes. Learn how we use your personal data as follows:

 A. Digital marketing includes but is not limited to digital marketing, such as SEO (Search Engine Optimization), social media, SEM (Search Engine Marketing), and advertising.
 B. Register your use of, access to our subsidiaries or affiliate’s website
 C. Improve customer experience, system testing, maintenance and development, statistical analysis, and stability of our website and mobile application
 D. Accounting, billing, auditing, and credit card issuance for payment purpose
 E. Contact you for booking or additional requests submitted by you
 F. Provide and develop ancillary services and facilities
 G. Security, administrative and legal purposes
 H. Social media (Facebook) for third-party login or account linking and ID creation purpose by using your first name, last name, and email.

In other words, you authorize us to retain, use and transmit your personal data to our own offices, authorized agents third party business associates, airlines owned government agencies and other carriers or the providers of the services.
iii. How Airpaz share your Personal Data
Airpaz shall give permission to share your personal data to the Third Party. Please check who are the Third Parties from the information below:

 A. Service Providers
 Since you use our service, we share your personal data to third parties service providers, credit card and payment processing, business analytics, and any person who is in charge of customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys, and finance.

 B. Travel Suppliers
 Airpaz will share your personal data, such as name, email address, date of birth, passport number, IC number to the travel suppliers, which are airlines and accommodation. 
 
 C. Business Partners
 Any person who supplies products and services along with Airpaz or products and services supplied by a certain person at Airpaz website or mobile application. When you use products and services provided by Airpaz and the business partner, Airpaz name will be displayed along with the business partner’s name and it makes us share your personal data in some cases with them. 

 D. Legal Purpose
 Airpaz shall cooperate in sharing your personal data in the purpose of protecting our company, brand, sales, and reputation from fraudulence, illegal acts, and any investigation which performed or if it is required by the government, law enforcement or agencies including complying with subpoenas, judicial proceedings, warrants, or even lawful requests, lawyers, or when it must comply with applicable law.
iv. How Airpaz remove your Personal Data
In case you demand social media linked-account deletion, we can assure that you have the rights to delete it by using 2 methods:

 A. Request via contact
 You must send a request through contact https://www.airpaz.com/en/contact

 B. Unlink Via Account Setting
 You can always delete your social media-linked account on your own. Please open account setting and choose unlink to remove your social media-linked account.
v. Changes of Privacy Policy
Airpaz privacy policy will change anytime without prior notice. Please check at our website www.airpaz.com to stay up-to-date on our privacy policy.
vi. Airpaz Contact
For more information about this privacy policy, please don’t hesitate to contact us here https://www.airpaz.com/en/contact