Home
Privacy Policy
Syarah Privacy Policy
Company MOKA SIARAH For Trading (referred to as “Syarah”, "Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Policy) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information.
This Policy applies to you if you visit our Website, download or use our Application, purchase or use any of our products or services, or contact us.
This policy was last updated on October 24, 2021, corresponding to 18 Rabi` Al-Awwal, 1443 Hijri. It is updated when we improve our services or when policies change. You are highly encouraged to check regularly for any update on how we use your data.
---
The Basics
“Syarah” is the main data controller and is responsible for your personal data. If you have questions about this Policy or about how “Syarah” uses your data, including exercising your legal rights, you can contact us at
customer@syarah.com
or at
920005379
.
---
Information We Collect About You
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you visit our Website or Application, purchase or use any of our products or services, or otherwise when you contact us. This section explains what information we collect, how we use it, and the legal purposes behind doing so.
Personal Information and Contact details
The personal information we collect may include the following:
Address Mobile
phone number
Email address
How we use this information:
We use this information to facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts, to contact you and to fulfill and manage your orders with “Syarah”. We also use it to analyze and improve our services.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate Interests: We have a legitimate interest in providing and improving our Services and in personalizing your experience. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Contract: We need to process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or processing your order when buying a car. If you are entering into a contract with a third-party (for example, your financing provider), we need to use this information upon your request to take the necessary steps to enable you to enter into that contract.
Consent: When you sign up for marketing campaigns through SMS or WhatsApp, you allow us to use your information for this purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Purchase Details
The personal information we collect may include the following:
Information about what you purchased from “Syarah” and information you provide to complete the purchase (such as payment details, identification document and information needed by financial service providers or insurance companies).
We also take a photo of you as a proof that you have received your car or when you return it to us. We will not use this for any other purpose (e.g marketing or social media posts), unless you give us your consent to do so.
How we use this information:
We use this information to fulfill your purchases, analyze and improve our services and to personalize your experience on "Syarah".
We also use this information to make our marketing relevant to you and others. We use information from both successful and unsuccessful financing applications to analyze how we can improve the financing options available to our customers.
In some cases, you may provide this information directly to a third-party (for example, our identity verification platform or your financing provider). When this happens, we do not necessarily receive your information and the third party's privacy policy applies instead.
Legal Basis
Legitimate Interests: We have a legitimate interest in providing and improving our Services and in personalizing your experience. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Contract: We need to process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or processing your order when buying a car. If you are entering into a contract with a third-party (for example, your financing provider), we need to use this information upon your request to take the necessary steps to enable you to enter into that contract.
Consent: If you give us your consent to use your photo for marketing purposes or on our social media accounts, you allow us to use your information for this purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us. It may take us a few days to remove your photo from our Website or Application or from our social media accounts, and we cannot guarantee that this photo was not shared or copied by others by that time.
Fraud prevention: We use your personal information to confirm your identity, and we also do so because it is necessary for significant public interest in fraud prevention.
Insurance: It is necessary for purposes of great public interest in assessing insurance risk to allow our insurance companies to insure our cars.
Information about your use of “Syarah”
The personal information we collect may include the following:
Information about your device and how you use our Website or Application.
How we use this information:
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your device, including the type of device and your geographic location and how you use our Website or Application. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, for our internal analytics and reporting purposes, to understand how you use our Services so we can improve and serve you better, and to help provide you with relevant advertisements elsewhere on the Internet or social media. Sometimes we need your consent to use these technologies.
Legal Basis
Legitimate Interests: We have a legitimate interest in making sure that our Service is available to you and to other customers so we can make your experience with “Syarah” a unique one. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Consent: Whenever our use of cookies and similar technologies is not necessary, your consent allows us to use these technologies for this purpose.
Your Calls and Correspondence
Phone Calls
The personal information we collect may include the following: Recordings of our phone calls with you.
How we use this information: To train and improve our team, improve our services, investigate and prove facts when conflicts arise.
We will always let you know if we are recording your call. If you do not want your calls to be recorded, please contact us at
customer@syarah.com
or at
920005379
.
Legal Basis
Legitimate interest: We have a legitimate interest in monitoring and improving the standards of our call center team, and in investigating and proving facts when resolving any complaints or disputes. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Chats and emails
The personal information we collect may include the following: your contact details and the contents of your conversations with us, texts, social media messages, and emails.
How we use this information: To communicate with you, to improve our services and to send you relevant marketing messages.
Legal Basis
Legitimate interest: We have a legitimate interest in communicating with you about our services and improving them. We also have a legitimate interest in marketing our Services to you. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Consent: When you sign up for SMS marketing, WhatsApp or any other form of marketing that needs your consent, you allow us to use your information for that purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Surveys and Responses
The personal information we collect may include the following: your responses to surveys or a service evaluation questionnaire that we send or ask you to fill out when you use our Website or Application, after collecting your car, or canceling your order.
How we use this information: To evaluate our services, to improve them and to support our marketing campaigns.
Legal Basis
Legitimate Interest: We have a legitimate interest in analyzing and improving our services and delivering marketing messages about our customers' experiences with “Syarah”. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Contests
The personal information we collect may include the following: Your entries in contests run by us or our partners, including your contact information and any photos or videos we may take of you if you win a prize or enter a contest.
How we use this information: To manage contests and prizes, and to support our marketing campaigns.
Legal Basis
Legitimate Interest: We have a legitimate interest in running contests to promote “Syarah”. Those interests do not outweigh your fundamental rights, or cause any negative consequences.
Other Purposes
We may also use the personal information described above:
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
For security purposes;
To investigate fraud;
To protect ourselves, others, and properties.
---
Sharing your Personal Information with Third-Parties
We share your personal information with third parties in the following cases:
Third-party providers: Providing certain services in “Syarah” by third parties (for example: car financing, car insurance). We will share your personal information with these providers to help them fulfill your service or interest in the Service. We may also be notified by some of these providers if you make any purchases from them so we can get a commission for your referral. These third-party providers process your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Our suppliers: We share your personal information with suppliers who provide services to us when needed, and with our professional and legal advisors.
Fraud Prevention and Detection: If you purchase a car from “Syarah”, we will share your personal information with organizations that help us prevent and detect fraud. If we believe we have detected fraud in one of your transactions, we will also share your information with law enforcement agencies.
Legal requirements: We will share your personal information with law enforcement, government or regulatory authorities in response to legal requests, legal obligations or court orders.
Advertisers: We will share your personal information with advertising services and social media sites to help us market our services to you and others who match the profile and demographic of our users. In some cases, this includes sharing your mobile phone number or email address so that the advertiser can identify you as one of our users.
Mergers, acquisitions, and financing: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of any business assets or financing operations, personal information of our users and customers may be disclosed to a potential buyer, investor, or financing provider. If this occurs, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that a potential buyer, investor or financing provider adheres to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Other Purposes: We may also disclose your personal information in other situations if we have your consent or are legally permitted to do so.
---
Where Your Personal Information is Stored
Our Website, Application and other services are hosted by reliable vendors with global server infrastructures. As a result, your personal information is processed in countries outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
How Long your Personal Information is Stored
We maintain a record of transactions on our Website and Application for up to seven years. This is to protect us from legal claims and to meet our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and reporting obligations. We may retain your personal information for a longer period if we reasonably believe there is a possibility to pursue litigation relating to our relationship with you.
Links to Third-Party Websites
Some parts of our Website and Application link to websites that “Syarah” has no control over (for example: those parts of the online payment process that are provided by payment gateways or identity verification service providers). Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The aforementioned websites do have their own privacy policies, which we suggest you get familiar with. “Syarah” is not responsible for the privacy or data protection practices of third-party websites.
Latest update:
January 8, 2025