menu
Data Recovery Software
Remo Recover Windows
Highly acclaimed data recovery software to help you recover lost files from your Windows computer
Hard Drive Data Recovery
Powerful hard drive data recovery tool that works on all hard drives & SSDs
Photo Recovery
Hassle-free & effortless recovery of photos, videos or any other multimedia files
File Recovery
Powerful tool for quick and safe recovery of deleted or lost files of any format
Remo Recover Mac
Advanced Mac data recovery software to recover data from any version of macOS
Mac Data Recovery
Designed for complex data recovery on hard drives and SSDs on Mac computers
Mac Photo Recovery
For flawless recovery media files like photos, videos or any media file format from your Mac
Mac File Recovery
Quickly recover deleted, lost, or missing files and folders from Mac computers
Remo Recover Windows 6.0
All New Powerful Data Recovery Software
Easily Recover Data from any Storage Device under Severe Data Loss Scenarios.
$99.97
$69.97
1 Month license
Buy Now
File Repair Tools
Repair Video
Repair corrupt or damaged MP4, MOV, AVI, and other video files without quality loss
Repair PSD
Repair corrupt, damaged, or inaccessible Adobe Photoshop PSD, PBB & PDD files
Repair Zip
Repair and extract corrupt or damaged Zip and ZipX files of any size in 3 simple steps
Repair Word
Repair corrupt, damaged, and inaccessible Word files with original formatting for free
Repair PowerPoint
Repairs corrupt, damaged, or unreadable PowerPoint PPT, PPS, and PPTX files easily
Repair RAR
Repair corrupted or damaged RAR file archives easily without altering the original contents
Video Repair Tool
Complete Video Repair Tool kit
Repair your Unplayable Videos (MOV, MP4 and AVI) securely
$79.97
$69.97
Buy Now
Outlook Tools
Repair Outlook PST
Repair corrupt, damaged, or inaccessible PST files securely and restore all items & attributes
Convert OST to PST
Recover orphaned OST file emails & convert them into a healthy PST file
Outlook Backup & Migrate
Comprehensive Outlook migration utility with smart backup options
Outlook Backup and Migrate
Ultimate Outlook Backup Tool
Secure Way to Backup & Move emails & Contacts
$79.97
$69.97
Buy Now
Remo ONE
Other Utilities
Duplicate File Remover
Scans and removes duplicate documents, photos, videos, or any files on your device
File Eraser
Permanently and securely erases confidential files and folders for safe disposal
Remo Zip for Mac
Create, and extract compressed files & folders on Mac without any data loss
Remo Backup
Highly encrypted and secure multi-device personal cloud storage to keep your data safe and synced
Duplicate Photo Remover
Regain lost storage space by removing all duplicate and similar pictures
Drive Wipe
Permanently erase storage devices data securely without leaving any traces
All Remo Products
Explore Remo's Recovery, Repair, Backup & other Tools to Manage your Data.
Duplicate Photos Remover
Advanced Duplicate Photos Finder and Cleaner Tool
Find & Remove Duplicate Photos & increase disk space in 3 - Clicks!!
$29.97
$19.97
Buy Now
Download
Store
Support
Search
Search
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Portuguese
Danish
Dutch
日本
中文
한국인
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Remo Software uses and protects any information that you provide to Remo Software and its
products
("Software") while using this website. We are committed to secure any personal information that you will provide to us, we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully  and sensibly. This notice further describes our privacy policy in detail.
By visiting
https://www.remosoftware.com/
or its  sub pages, you are accepting the privacy policy described below.
1. What we collect?
Information You Provide.
We receive and  store information you enter.  For example, when you search  or buy our  product, or when you supply information such as your address, phone  number or credit card. You can choose not to provide certain information, but  then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features.  We  use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your  requests, customizing future browsing through this website for you, improving our website, and overall communication with you.
Some of our PC & mobile applications collect device information and application login credentials. The data is saved securely and will not be shared with anyone else.
Cookies.
Like many websites, we use  "cookies".  Cookies are small programs that we transfer to your  hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized  browsing experience.  If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily  disable them by going to the toolbar of your web browser, and clicking on the  help button.  Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from  accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new  cookie.  In addition, you may visit this and other websites anonymously  through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Other Information:
Every computer has an IP (Internet  Protocol) address.  IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are  noted.  In addition, we automatically collect other information such as  browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and  from this site.
Information from Other Sources
.  We might  receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account  information.  This may include updated delivery and address information  from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and  deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
2. How  we use your  information?
Customized Browsing.
We use your information  to better serve you by providing a customized browsing experience through our website.
Agents.
We may employ other companies, service providers and individuals to  perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending  postal mail and e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access  to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it  for other purposes.
Special Offers
.  We may send you special offers from  time to time, unless you choose to opt-out of receiving such offers.  In  addition, we may also send you special offer from other companies, you  will be provided a facility to opt-out.
Business Transfers
. As we continue to develop our  business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred  business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred  assets.
Law Enforcement.
If we receive a lawful court order to  release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law.  We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or  property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies  and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
3. How do we protect  the security of your information?
We work to protect the security of your information during  transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts  information you input.
We use encryption to protect your information contained in our  customer list.
We use a firewall to protect our web server against unlawful intrusion.
We limit access to your information on a need to know basis.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers  when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number  to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to  your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a  shared computer.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock  can not guarantee physical security.  However, we take every reasonable  precaution to assure that your data is secure.
4. Your choice, you may  Opt-in or Opt-out.
It is your choice whether to receive  emails or special offers from us or through our associates.  You will be provided with a  facility to opt out of these emails, either through an unsubscribe link in  each email received from us, or requesting to be removed from our mailings via  our
Support Panel
.
5. Other Websites
Various Web sites may be linked to from  this site.  If you are transferred to another site from this site, your  privacy depends on the policy of that site.  We strongly urge you to check  their privacy policy.  Not all sites guarantee that they will not share  your personally identifiable information with others
6. Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about  our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information  contained on our website, you may contact us using our
Support Panel
. You  will be required to provide identifier information to assure that this  information is not released to others.
7. Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this  policy in the future.  If we do so, notice will be posted on our website  and the Policy page will show the changes.
Why Choose Remo?
100% safe
Secure
100% Satisfaction
Guarantee
10 Million
+
Downloads
Free Tech
Support
Live Chat
24/7 Support
Top
Remo Software uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Cookie Policy
Got it