Privacy Policy for my apps.
Looks like you are here to check on my apps privacy policies.
For my paid apps and Google Play Pass apps they are as simple as one:
I do not track a thing that can be referenced back to your personal information.
For majority of my free apps they are simple as one, two:
I do not track a thing that can be referenced back to your personal information.
But … I use a well know ad provider (Google) who I ask not to track you (sample solution:
here
)
For some apps, where I see this as a valid extra, things are as complex as one, two and three:
I do not track a thing that can be referenced back to your personal information.
But … I use a well known ad provider (Google) and upon app start am either asking for your consent for personalized ads (where Google allows) or its stated in the App Store / Google Play (check there if you see no consent dialog upon app start).
In result your device identifier may be shared with my ads provider. You can easily see you are using a one/two/three kind of app if you saw the consent dialog or App Store / Google Play mentions the Device ID being collected.
Anonymous data: What I sometimes look at are anonymous stats like install count, usage metrics for my app, never with information that could be used to track back who did performed particular activity. Also crashes get reported so I can scratch my head looking at the error trace with hope to fix it. All that is anonymous.
Consent change: In case the app you are using fall into the third bucket and you change your mind for the consent given upon first run, just reinstall it and change your consent. I do not store anything (even the device identifier mentioned above) hence upon reinstall I consider you a brand new user. Welcome again 🙂
Account removal: With no account creation on my end there is no account removal process.
In case of questions do not hesitate to reach out to my support email (visible in the store, omitting it here not to feed the bots).
2024 Update: my apps on iOS are all with consent form when personalized ads are to be shared, no need to read the store listing or anything, the privacy “Yes/No” is built in the system (bravo!!). I hope Google will follow and make it available globally – for now you will see an ad-provider consent window (also Google)