Privacy Policy
Last Updated 10 September 2018
Introduction
Interaxon Inc., d/b/a Meditation Studio, LLC (
"Meditation Studio"
,
"Company"
,
"we"
or
"us"
), respects your
        privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes our
        practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing information that we collect from you or
        that you provide to us when you visit our site www.meditationstudioapp.com (our
"Site"
) and our
        iPhone/iPad/Android application or Alexa Skill (
"App"
) along with use of any other services
        made available by us
        (collectively and together with the Site, the
"Services"
).
This policy applies only to information we collect on our Site and in our App, and other electronic
        communications sent through or in connection with this Site or App. This policy DOES NOT apply to information
        that: (i) We collect offline or on any other Company apps or websites, including websites you may access through
        the Services; or (ii) You provide to or is collected by any third party.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how
        we will treat it. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you are using the
        Services on behalf of an entity, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy for that entity and are representing to
        us that you have the authority to do so (in which case "you" will refer to that entity). If you do not agree
        with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This policy may change from time to time. If we make any changes, we will post the changes on this page and
        indicate at the top of this page the date this policy was last revised. Any such changes are effective
        immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter. Your continued use
        of the Service after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new policy.
        You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes.
Information We Collect and How We Collect Information
The information we collect from you falls into two categories: personally identifiable information (
"Personal
        Information"
) and non-personally identifiable information (i.e., information that cannot be used to
        identify who
        you are) (
"Non-Personal Information"
). By default, Personal Information and Fitness Data are
        stored locally on
        your iPhone/iPad/Android Device (
"Device"
). No Personal Information or Fitness Data is sent to
        our servers or
        stored in our servers at any point or is shared with third parties not specified in this Privacy Policy. You may
        also opt to store Fitness Data with Apple’s Health App Database (see relevant sections below). Below are the
        various ways in which we may collect Personal Information and Non-Personal information from you.
Information We Automatically Collect Using Various Web Technologies.
Like most Sites and Apps,
        our Services may
        incorporate technology such as "pixel tags", "web beacons", and "cookies" that allow us to track the actions of
        users of our Services automatically. Pixel tags or web beacons are tracking devices on websites can monitor the
        behavior of the user visiting the website, and cookies are small files that web servers may place on your
        computer when you visit a website. Services such as Yahoo’s Flurry, Google’s Fabric, Firebase, Amazon Web
        Services, and Big Query capture application analytics using a non-personal identifier (UUID). These automatic
        tracking tools allow us to collect Non-Personal Information, such as location information, information about
        your internet connection, browser information, information about when you access the Services, the website
        address that linked you to our Site, the website that you visit after using our Services, and details of how you
        used our Services, such as how often the Services are used and which features of the Services are used. This
        data is never linked to your Personal Information or Fitness Data, and we do not use it to identify you
        personally.
Third Party Analytics.
The Site and App use Google Analytics, AdWords and AdSense (
"Google
        Services"
) to
        collect data about our Site traffic via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers and about user acquisition
        and engagement with our App. Google may serve ads across other websites that you visit based upon your past
        visits to our Site, and may also serve our advertisements on other websites. We do not facilitate the merging of
        Personal Information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected through these Google
        Services. Any data collected will be used in accordance with this privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
        For more information on how Google Analytics processes this information, visit www.google.com/analytics.
Mobile Analytics.
If you are using our App, we use Mobile Device IDs, instead of cookies, to
        recognize you. We
        use the Mobile Device IDs and other mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality
        of our mobile software on your phone. These Mobile Device IDs are only tracking and collecting Non-Personal
        Information. The software may record information such as how often you use the Services, the events that occur
        within the App, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the App was downloaded from.
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us.
If you contact us by phone, email, instant message,
        live chat,
        social media, or by some other means, we may keep a record of your contact information (however, we do not
        automatically collect email addresses) and the correspondence for later reference to help improve our Services.
        We may also keep a record of any forms, surveys or questionnaires that you voluntarily fill out on our Site or
        through your use of the Services.
Fitness Data; Apple Health App or Google Fit Integration.
Fitness Data (
"Fitness
        Data"
) includes specific
        details of the meditations you perform. We will treat your Fitness Data and Personal Information as
        confidential. We will not share your Personal Information or Fitness Data with third parties not specified in
        this Privacy Policy.
You may opt to integrate the App with Apple’s Healthkit or Google Fit and therefore, instruct us to share
        certain information with these systems. If you grant Meditation Studio access to Apple’s Healthcare App Database
        or Google Fit, Meditation Studio will import your data from the Health App Database or Google Fit into the App
        in certain circumstances, such as to aid you in the tracking of fitness goals. In addition, Mediation Studio may
        transfer data that you store locally on your Device, such as meditations completed, to the Health App Database
        or Google Fit. Meditation Studio cannot read from or write to the Health App Database or Google Fit unless you
        grant access. Data accessed from the Health App Database and Google Fit will not be shared with third parties
        not specified in this Privacy Policy.
Meditation Studio is in no way responsible for the protection of the Fitness Data and/or other information
        stored or transferred to the Apple’s Health App Database and Google Fit. You and Apple or Google are solely
        responsible for the protection of such information in the respective databases. Please review Apple’s and
        Google’s applicable policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your Fitness Data with their systems.
Third Party Services.
Some parts of our Services can be linked up with other accounts you
        have, such as your
        Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google+ account (
"Third Party Account"
). If you link or share
        information to
        Third Party Accounts from our Services, we may collect some information about your use of the Third Party
        Account. We will only be able to collect the information if you’ve authorized the Third Party Account to provide
        us with that information or if you’ve made the information public. Additionally, if you mention us through your
        Third Party Account, we may collect information and content related to your comment that is publicly available.
        If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should be sure to manage the privacy settings of your
        Third Party Account. One thing we won’t ever store is your Third Party Account password. If you link your
        account on the Services with a Third Party Account, we may also collect and store publicly available information
        about your contacts and friends from the linked Third Party Account. This information may include their photo,
        name, email address, birthday, interests or other content you can see when you access such profiles on those
        Third Party Services. We may also collect and store information if you invite other users to the Services by
        providing us with their Personal Information.
Meditation Studio will never automatically share information to any Third Party Account without your consent.
        Meditation Studio is in no way responsible for the protection of any information that you choose to share with
        Third Party Accounts. You and such accounts are solely responsible for the protection of such information.
        Please review any applicable policies and procedures of such accounts before sharing your information.
Why We Collect Your Data
We use the information collected from you for the following purposes:
To deliver the Services to you;
To improve the Services, including by measuring usage of the Services, analyzing effectiveness of the
          Services, enhancing the functionality of the Services, and customizing your experience;
To communicate with you, including by providing you updates and information about the Services, responding
          to requests and inquiries from you, and providing support for using the Services; and
To market and advertise the Services.
Please note that by providing your email address, you agree that we may send you emails containing information
        about new content and features, notes from the founders and perhaps the occasional exclusive offer. We do not
        share your email addresses with third parties.
If you so authorize, we may send you Push Notifications through the App.
We may from time to time aggregate some of your personal information in certain data analysis, reports, or
        other interpretations of investment trends for both internal and external purposes. When aggregating personal
        information, we make sure that the information is not identifiable to any particular user.
If we intend to use any personal information in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you
        will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the personal information is collected.
Disclosure of Your Information
We do not sell, rent, or trade your personal information with any third parties except as provided in this
        Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to service providers or
        other third parties, such as vendors, technical agents, subcontractors and consultants, to perform certain
        business-related functions that help make the Services and our offerings available and functional, including ,
        but not limited to, design services, installation services, web site hosting, maintenance, data analysis and
        metrics services, technical agents, customer support and support, email delivery services and infrastructure
        services.
In addition to the disclosures for the purposes above, we may disclose your Personal Information and
        Non-Personal Information to a buyer or other successor as part of a merger, acquisition, change of control or
        other similar business transfer, to government body or other third party if required to do so by law or in the
        good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, or in specific other cases
        with your consent.
We may disclose aggregated user statistics and other data with our affiliates, agents and current or
        prospective business partners. This aggregate information does not personally identify you.
The Services may allow you to post information to various third-party services or platforms, such as social
        networking services like Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. You acknowledge that if you choose to use this
        feature, your friends, followers and subscribers on these third party services or platforms will be able to view
        such activity. The use of the information by such social networking websites will be governed by their privacy
        policies, and we do not control their use of the shared data.
Choices About How We Collect, Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding our collection, use and disclosure of the information you
        provide to us. The mechanisms listed below provide you with control over such collection, use and disclosure:
Cookies.
You have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through your browsers.
        You may refuse to
        accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Flash cookies are not managed by
        the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and
        security settings for Flash cookies, see
http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html
.
        If you choose to disable
        your cookies, your user experience may be limited.
Google Analytics.
You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by using Google’s Ads
        Settings or going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Mobile Device IDs.
Unlike Cookies, Mobile Device IDs cannot be deleted; however, these IDs
        will only be
        collecting and tracking Non-Personal Information.
Do Not Track Signals.
Third parties may keep track of your browsing activities across third
        party websites.
        Certain web browsers enable users to activate a "Do Not Track" signal but we do not currently respond to the "Do
        Not Track" signal or other similar mechanisms.
To request any other changes or information about our collection, use or disclosure of your information, please
        email us at support@meditationstudioapp.com.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Information
If you wish to access, update, correct or delete any information that you have previously submitted via the
        Services, you may access the Settings in your App and/or mobile device.
You can also contact us at
http://www.choosemuse.com/contactsupport
to obtain a copy of your Personal
        Information or request that we permanently delete your account and Personal Information.
Data Retention
We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by
        applicable legal requirements. If you close your account, we will retain certain data for analytical purposes
        and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, enforce our Terms of Use, take actions we deem
        necessary to protect the integrity of our Services or our users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by
        law. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy
        Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties’ policies.
You acknowledge that Meditation Studio may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the
        Services, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by
        the Services and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Meditation Studio’s servers on your behalf.
        You agree that Meditation Studio has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any
        data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Services. You further acknowledge that Meditation Studio
        reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion. We will
        endeavor to give you notice of any such change where required by applicable law.
Third Parties; Links to Third Party Sites
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not
        operated or controlled by us (the "Third Party Sites"), and the policies and procedures described in this
        Privacy Policy do not apply to those Third Party Sites, even if you access them through the Services. The links
        from the Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We encourage you to
        carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Sites you access so you know how they will use and
        share your information.
Consent is Required for Child Users
Our Services are intended for users who are 18 years of age and older or for minors who are given consent and
        support from their parent or other legal guardian. However, we do not collect Personal Information from any of
        our users. If you believe we might have any Personal Information from or about a minor, please contact us at
        support@meditationstudioapp.com.
Transfer of Personal Information; International Visitors
The Services are based in the United States. If you provide personal information to us, you acknowledge and
        agree that such personal information may be transferred from your current location to our offices and servers
        and the authorized third parties referred to in this Privacy Policy located in the United States. If you use the
        App, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and such
        laws.
The Services are provided for access and use by persons located in the United States. You are solely
        responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction, including the specific laws of
        your jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Services. If you are an international
        visitor, you acknowledge that by providing your personal information, you are: (a) permitting the transfer of
        your personal information to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as the country
        in which you reside; and (b) permitting the use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy
        Policy.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect the information provided to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access,
        disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or
        error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take
        special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing
        any Personal Information to us via the Internet.
You are solely responsible for the protection of your Device, including any use of Meditation Studio or any
        storage of personal Information or Fitness Data incident to the use of Meditation Studio on your Device. Please
        consult your Device’s documentation on how to manage local storage and how to apply appropriate security
        controls to the Device for the protection of information such as passwords. You are entirely responsible for
        maintaining the confidentiality of your Device password.
Personal Information or Fitness Data that is stored on your Device is your responsibility. In the event that
        your Device becomes lost or inoperable, your Fitness Data may not be recoverable.
Meditation Studio does not, at any point, collect or retain any user credit card or other payment method
        information. Please refer to the terms and conditions for the relevant third party service provider for further
        information on their payment processes and rules.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
http://www.choosemuse.com/contactsupport
.