JIONEWS
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for using JioNews!
INTRODUCTION
Jio Media Limited  ("JML"/"we"/"our"/"us")
, a company incorporated under the Companies Act
            2013 and having its registered office at 101- Saffron, Near Centre Point, Panchwati Rasta 5, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad, , Gujarat - 
            380006, India operates the "JioNews" website and digital application (hereinafter referred to as "Application") for its users
("you"/ "your" /"yourself")
who are authorised by JML and/ or its Affiliates to access the Content 
            via Application. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the following policy ("Privacy Policy") to learn about our information 
            gathering and dissemination practices in connection with your use of the Application.
            This document is an electronic record, generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. 
            The terms of this Privacy Policy, read with the Terms of Use, disclaimers, and all other policies and rules as may be posted on the Application 
            (all of which are included herein by reference and form an integral part of the terms) govern your use of the Application and the information accessible on or from the Application.
             Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use. The Privacy Policy also lays down how JML may collect,
              process, use, share or delete any Information you provide. This Privacy Policy shall be construed as provided in compliance with Information Technology Act, 2000 as amended and 
              read in accordance with Rule 3 (1) (a) of Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics code) Rules, 2021 ("Rules").
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is subject to modification based on changes in the business, legal and regulatory requirements 
                and will be made available to you on the Application. You are encouraged to periodically review the Privacy Policy
                and any changes hereto. You agree that by using the Application, you shall be bound by the then prevalent Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
When we use the Application, we collect several different types of Information for various purposes to provide the Application services
                and improve the Application for you as detailed in section 4 below. By visiting/accessing the Application and/or using the services,
                you agree to provide us with Information as detailed in clause 4 and 5 below, and you are consenting us to use the Information in accordance
                with this Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
In order to provide you with the best in class Application usage, we require certain Information from you.
                JML may collect the following types of Information:
"Personal Information"
means any information that relates to a natural person, which,
                        either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely 
                        to be available with JML is capable of identifying such person. It shall also include name,
                        SIM information, mobile number.
"Non-Personal Information"
which shall mean information that does not identify you or any other individual, 
                            and includes session, web beacons and usage data (including type of content accessed on the Application), location, microphone,
                            log data and aggregate information. We use this information to, inter-alia, deliver to you upon your request 
                            our Application tailored for your interests, to measure traffic within our Application, to improve the Application's quality,
                            functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations of our user.
"Telemetry Data"
which shall mean all information and data that the Application
                            generates in connection with your usage, including but not limited to, network policy, log and configuration information;
                            threat intelligence data, , URLs/applications metadata or net flow data; origin and nature of malware;
                            the types of software or applications installed on a network/Device or an endpoint; information about the Devices connected to a network;
                            information generated by sensors, Devices and machinery; information related to the usage, origin of use, 
                            traffic patterns or behaviour of the users of a network or Application; and information relating to the existence of Cookies and other similar applications.
"Tracking Cookies Data/Cookies"
shall mean the cookies and similar tracking technologies
                            to track the activity on Application. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
                            The tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse Application.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate Application and record your sessions of usage of the Application.
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings and may enable them for subsequent use.
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for Application security purposes.
Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests, 
                                    if enabled by us. The above shall be collectively referred to as 'Information/Data'.
All the Data collected from you is stored securely on a server(and will not be accessible by other user)
                        operated and managed by JML("Server").
We may place both permanent and temporary Cookies in your Device's.Information collected by Cookies and other technologies 
                            are treated as non-personal information. However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers 
                            are considered personal information by local law, we treat any information linked to such identifiers as personal information. 
                            Similarly, to the extent that Non-Personal Information is combined with Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
JML may install Cookies or other similar data collection software in your Device to collect certain Non-Personal 
                            Information and you hereby consent to the same. We may use Cookies, beacons or similar electronic tools to collect 
                            Information to assign each visitor of the Application a unique, random number as a User Identification to understand
                            the user's individual interests using the identified computer.This information of each Application user is stored on the Server
                            will be hashed with a unique Jio digital id(Jio ID).  A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive.
You represent that the Information or Data you provide on the Application is and shall be correct, 
                        current and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consents to provide such Information or Data, 
                        You warrant and represent that your provision of the Information or Data and JML's consequent storage, collection, 
                        usage, transfer, access, or processing or deletion of the same shall not be in violation of any third-party agreement,
                        laws, judgments, orders or decrees.
USE OF INFORMATION
The Information collected from you as per Clause 4 above, will be stored on the Server. 
                                The Information so provided by you to JML or otherwise captured by JML may be used for a number of purposes 
                                connected with JML and/or its Affiliates business operations which may include the following:
Providing One Time Password (OTP) on your registered mobile number for activating the Application services, 
                                    and similarly providing OTP on your registered mobile number
                                    when you log out of the Application and want to again log into the Application.
Verifying your identity, access, privileges assigned and relationship with us for using the Application.
to provide access to content and maintain the Application.
to provide personalized content and recommendations on the basis of your interests and needs
For the purposes of our internal record keeping
Support to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related 
                                    to public safety or for compliance with law.
Share the Data/complaint(s) with grievance officer or by any self-regulatory bodies or association of persons or
                                     by the oversight committee mechanism established by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, 
                                    Government of India under the Rule in relation to the resolution of any complaints/appeal(s) 
                                    raised by you or against you.
JML may (and you authorize JML to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, pin/zip code, country, 
                                    phone number, email, social media account(s) and company name to intellectual property right's owners, 
                                    as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, 
                                    intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity or resolution of any complaint(s).
to allow you to participate in interactive features of Application when you choose to do so.
to provide customer support.
to gather analysis or Information with which we can improve the Application.
to monitor the usage of Application.
to detect, prevent and address technical issues on the Application.
to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide such information
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, 
                                    including for billing and collection for Application and services under it, if any
to provide you with notices about your Application account and/or subscription, 
                                    including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, 
                                    services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about including by email, 
                                    or through pop-up or push notifications unless you have opted not to receive such information;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
for any other purpose with your consent.
You shall be responsible for the accuracy and quality of your Data.
Your Personal Data will be kept confidential as required under applicable laws. We will strive to keep your Personal Data 
                            confidential and will place reasonable security controls to protect it.
Further, with respect to Non-Personal Information automatically collected and stored in files, 
                            we shall use this Information to understand and analyze trends, to administer Application, 
                            to learn about user behaviour on the Application. 
                            As Non-Personal Information does not personally identify you, 
                            we may use and disclose Non-Personal Information at our discretion.
DATA RETENTION/ DATA DELETION
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 
                            We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, 
                            if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, complaints/appeal(s)and 
                            enforce our legal agreements and policies.
                            Once the purposes are achieved, all Personal Data is deleted in a safe and secure mode.
We will also retain Telemetry Data for internal analysis purposes. 
                                Telemetry Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Application 
                                or we are legally obligated to retain this Telemetry Data for longer time periods
Nothing set out herein shall apply to the anonymized, aggregated datasets generated by your Data provided through 
                                the Application or any reports, or other visualization created using such datasets
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your Information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers 
                                located outside of your state, province, country 
                                or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Data is treated securely and 
                                in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an 
                                organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 
                                We shall be entitled to use the transferred data as per clause 2 of this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURES OF DATA
We may disclose Personal Data / Information that we collect, or you provide
Disclosure to Law Enforcement Agencies/Government Authorities:
Under certain circumstances, 
                            we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or 
                            in response to valid requests by public authorities and/or law enforcement agencies or tribunals
Legal reasons:
The Information provided by you may be shared with our other entities
                                 and Affiliates to help in detecting and preventing identity theft, frauds and other illegal activities; correlate or map related accounts to prevent misuse of Application, 
                                and to provide you Application or to assist any law enforcement agencies or court/tribunal
For Resolution of Complaint:
We may share complaints/appeal(s) 
                                shared by you with respective broadcasters/licensors of the channel/content, grievance officers 
                                or any self-regulatory bodies or association of persons or by the oversight committee mechanism established 
                                by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting,
                                 Government of India under the Rule in relation to the resolution of any complaints/appeal(s) raised by you
Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
to our subsidiaries and Affiliates.
to fulfil the purpose for which you provide it
to third party companies and individuals to facilitate certain services
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information
with your consent in any other cases
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights,
                                     property, or safety of JML, Affiliates, our customers, or others
SECURITY OF DATA
The Application is equipped with standard security features to protect the confidentiality 
                                and security of your information. Data is encrypted in transit as well as at rest on the Server. 
                                Your information provided in Clause 1 is encrypted before being uploaded to the cloud 
                                where it is stored in a secure encrypted Server and is incapable of being accessed other users.
We use reasonable security measures, at the minimum those mandated under the Information Technology Act, 2000 
                                as amended and read with Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information)
                                Rules, 2011, to safeguard and protect your Data and Information. We implement such measures, as stated above, to protect
                                against unauthorized access to, and unlawful interception of any information. You accept the inherent security implications of 
                                providing information over Internet/ cellular/data networks and will 
                                not hold us for any breach of security or the disclosure of personal information unless we have been grossly and willfully negligent
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, we shall not be held responsible for any loss,
                                 damage or misuse of your information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. 
                                 A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of JML and shall include, without limitation, 
                                 sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, 
                                 pandemic, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of 
                                 security, lack of electricity, lack of telecommunications services/internet and encryption, etc
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the smooth functioning of the Application
                         ("Service Providers"). The Service Providers shall provide services on our behalf, perform related services or
                          assist us in analysing how the said services are used through the Application.
                        These third parties may have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf 
                        and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. They are bound by their legal and regulatory
                         obligation for providing services like the phone number used for accessing the Application or for providing customer 
                         care services, bill collection services, hardware delivery services, courier services, for email services etc.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Application may contain links to other sites/applications that are not operated by us. 
                        If you click a third-party link or call for such third-party applications, you will be directed to that third party’s site/applications. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site/application you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites/application or their services.
GRIEVANCES
If you have any grievances in relation to the Application or its content, you may send a
                         notice to Grievance Redressal Officer at Mrs. Radha Nair, Reliance Corporate IT Park, TC-22, Thane Belapur Road, 
                         Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai 400701, email id: grievance.officer@jio.com. 
                        We shall try to resolve the grievances as per timelines prescribed in applicable law
MONTHLY REPORT
Please find our monthly report in compliance with the Information Technology 
                        (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Ethics Code) Rule 2021 at URL:
https://jionews.com/grievanceredressal