PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
ISSUED BY CKGAMES
Last Updated: 15/10/2021
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
These terms apply to the use of games and other products developed by CKGAMES (
‘CKG’
/
‘we’
/
‘us’
). Our registered office is at Ankara, Turkey.
This privacy and data policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies and has effect in respect of all games, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us (together the “
Game(s)
“), as well as any other online features relating to the Games including our
website
(the “
Website
”). Together the Game(s), and Website are referred to as the “
Online Services
”.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at dzkdes@gmail.com
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal information we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Online Services is processed, we are the “data controller.” We will comply with all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What information we may collect about you;
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal information you have provided to us.
This Privacy Policy forms a part of and should be read in conjunction with our terms of use.
The Online Services may contain hyperlinks to services owned and operated by third parties. These third party services may have their own privacy policies and we recommend that you review them. They will govern the use of personal information that you submit or which is collected by cookies and other tracking technologies whilst using these services. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party services and your use of these is at your own risk.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of changes through the Games.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.
a)
Information provided by you when using the Games
(“Basic Information”)
We may collect the following information from you when you play our Games:
your mobile device’s unique device ID (Device ID);
your user preferences; and
Core information related to your gameplay, such as your overall progression to a particular level or stage, your virtual currency stores or the completion of certain activities during your gameplay (for example, completing a tutorial, passing a level, making a purchase or viewing a video ad).
b)
Information used for the purposes of serving advertisements
(“Advertising Data”)
Through our third party advertising network partners, we may gather information about your devices when you install or play our Games, depending on the permissions you’ve granted. This may include:
the make, model and operating system of your device;
properties of your device, such as screen size and orientation, audio volume and battery;
the mobile network operator linked to your device;
the Games played;
the country, time zone and locale settings on your device (i.e. country and preferred language);
network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
MAC address;
internet browser used to access the Games; and
the advertiser ID, which is an identifier unique to you if you use an Apple or Android device, but which doesn’t reveal your name.
c)
Information collected for the purposes of providing analytics
(“Analytics”)
We may collect technical information about your use of the Online Services through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Personal data we may collect includes the following:
your Device ID;
your user ID (which is generated by us and allocated to you when you first play our games);
your device operating system & version;
your device make and model;
game play attempts, progression and results;
session game time start, end and duration;
purchase transaction types and spend you have made using virtual items in the Games;
the country of your Device;
the time, date and install source of your first download (e.g. from a clicked advertisement);
advertisements viewed and clicked; and
identification of crashes and defects.
d)
Information about you collected from third parties
(“Third Party Log In Information”)
When you access the Games via a third party social media provider such as Facebook, we may collect and store personal and non-personal information which is available on that third party social media provider, such as your Facebook name, your profile picture or its URL, your Facebook ID and other public data of your friends, provided that you have expressly agreed to the use of Facebook within the Games. We will also receive technical data in order to ensure the Games connect to the correct Facebook account.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
a)
To provide our Games to you
We will use information about you (including Basic Information, Third Party Log In Information, Analytics and User Content) for delivering our Games to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to record your progress and current status within a Game, and to ensure the Games deliver the features promised and function properly, so that you have the best experience when playing any one of our Games.
b)
To help us improve the Online Services and fix any problems
We may process information about you (including Basic Information, User Content and Analytics) so that we can analyse and improve our Games and Online Services.
This processing is also necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of (i) ensuring that our Online Services function properly so that you and other users have the best experience when playing any of our Game(s) and using the other Online Services; (ii) improving the quality of our Online Services, and providing a better experience to our users; (iii) identifying and correcting any bugs in the Games and Online Services and iv) understanding the effectiveness of our marketing to attract new users and re-engage our current users at an aggregated level.
d)
To acquire new users and engage current users
We may process information (including some Advertising Data and Analytics) to encourage engagement from our less active users and to notify them with new virtual items or other promotions on offer.
We may also process this information to pursue our legitimate interests of acquiring new users for our Games.
We use various forms of marketing to acquire new users. The information we collect about you may be used to improve the relevancy of our marketing, including the creation of ‘lookalike’ audiences. This allows us to offer more relevant marketing to potential new service users without using information that personally identifies you.
e)
To improve the monetisation of the Games via in-app purchases
We may process information (including Basic Information, User Content, Advertising Data and Analytics) to understand how users use our Games, and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity, as well as understanding how users progress, and their current status within a Game. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of improving the Games and increasing the amount of revenue generated via in-app purchases. This may include the implementation of dynamic pricing models, so that in-app purchases are priced according to relevant factors, such as geography and gameplay progression so that we can offer temporary promotional discounts.
f)
For advertising purposes
We may process Advertising Data to show you advertisements for third party services; including advertising that may reward you with benefits during your use of the Games.
The information we collect about you may be used to understand how advertisements placed in our Games have performed or how many people have viewed certain advertisements. We aggregate this information so that it does not personally identify you or permit you to be treated individually.
We may also use this information to reward users with benefits that can be used for further enjoyment of the Games from the viewing of certain advertising placed in our Games.
We will not pass or process your information for the purposes of marketing by third parties unless you give your consent should we ask for it. After you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time.
We may use the information we collect about you to serve you targeted advertisements in our Games. We do this to provide you with more relevant advertising content. We work with the following third party advertising networks :
Chartboost –
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489623
Adcolony –
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook –
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Unity –
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
g)
To prevent fraud and illegal activity
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that any use of the Online Services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, to enforce our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws or our terms of use, we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your law enforcement agencies about the content.
We reserve the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. You may not copy, download, or embed any User Content without the express written permission of the content owner. You may not use any User Content for any commercial purposes, or any public performances.
We work with Apple and Google to assist us with fraud prevention and the detection of any illegal activity (e.g. to verify in-app purchases made through iTunes and Google Play).
DATA SHARING
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
Group members, personnel, suppliers or subcontractors
: We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006), our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, any third party to which we sell or transfer our assets to will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Required by law
: In addition, we may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We may also disclose your personal information to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches, or to protect the rights, property or safety of FFG, our customers, or others.
Digital Content Stores
: Where the Games are downloaded through Google Play, iTunes and/or Amazon Appstore, we may disclose your personal information to Google, Apple and/or Amazon respectively for the purposes of facilitating any in-Game payments made through these platforms.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We may use automated decision making methods which do not involve human involvement to process your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
We may process your personal information via automated decision making methods in order to identify users who are suspected of cheating in the Games. Our automated decision making methods are designed to detect cheating by looking out for (i) excessive currency stores against actual completed gameplay; and (ii) excessive content against actual purchases made and completed gameplay.
If users are determined to be or suspected of cheating the following actions may be taken and which will be unknown to the user:
an increase in the number of advertisements displayed within the Games; and
an increase in the frequency of suspected cheats playing against other suspected cheats.
We may block users from the Games and/or the Online Services who are determined to be cheating following an automated decision process. In this scenario the user will be notified of the outcome and will have the right to obtain human intervention to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision to block access to the Games and/or the Online Services.
CONSUMER CONTROL AND OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not wish to be part of a lookalike campaign, receive notifications from us or be served with targeted advertisements you can opt-out by changing your advertising and notification settings on your device directly.
You can withdraw your consent to targeted advertising by changing your advertising settings on your device at any time.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE PROCESS RELATING TO YOU
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below. We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest.
To make a request, please let our Data Protection Officer know by sending an email to dzkdes@gmail.com.
a)
Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct or delete personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to).
b)
Object to us processing data about you
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:
you consented to our processing the personal data, and have withdrawn that consent;
we no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;
we are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of FFG or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;
the personal data was unlawfully processed;
you need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations;
the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.
c)
Obtain a machine readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider
If we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, or if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in digital format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
d)
Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the email.
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
DATA RETENTION
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. Our terms of use prohibit users aged under 13 years from accessing our Online Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age please contact us at dzkdes@gmail.com.
SECURITY
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss misuse or alteration of your personal information. For example, our databases are password protected and limited to essential employees only (such as FFG management or employees whose main role requires system access).
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to FFG at dzkdes@gmail.com. We will endeavour to respond to any query or questions within three business days.
© 2018 CKGAMES Limited. All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved.
Like
Loading...
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools