PRIVACY POLICY /
DATENSCHUTZERKLÄRUNG
English
/ Deutsch (s.u.)
Privacy Policy Asana Rebel GmbH
We, Asana Rebel GmbH, Dessauer Str. 28-29, 10963 Berlin, are committed to protecting privacy of users of the Asana Rebel website, Asana Rebel application(s), and/or other related services (hereinafter collectively the “Asana Rebel Services” or the “Services”).
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, Asana Rebel GmbH is the “data controller” for all Asana Rebel Services.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal and non-personal data we collect and how we use such data.  This Privacy Policy is part of our General Terms and Conditions and applies to all Asana Rebel Services. Therefore, please make sure that you read and understand our Privacy Policy, as well as the General Terms and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they may be accessible through the Asana Rebel Services.
By using any of the Asana Rebel Services, you hereby warrant and represent that (i) you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy, (ii) you are over 16 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual who is under 16 years of age). If you do not accept the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and the consents associated therewith, please do not use our Services.
Last revised: January 2022
1. What types and categories of data we collect, process and use?
We collect, process and use personal and non-personal data.
1.1 Personal and non-personal data
The term “personal data” is defined by the Federal Data Protection Act (
BDSG
) and the European General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
). You can think of your personal data as any data that allow you to be identified or that can be correlated to you.
On the other hand, “non-personal” data cannot be correlated to any specific person. By removing identifiable parts from and anonymizing personal data, personal data may be converted into “non-personal data.”
1.2 Data we collect, process and use
We collect, process and use three types of data:
data you provide to us voluntarily,
data we receive when you use our Services, and
data we receive from third parties.
Typically, we collect, process and use the following categories of data:
your name and address;
your personal contact information (telephone, e-mail, fax, etc.);
your username and password;
your user profile data (e.g., workout schedule);
your user preferences (e.g., preferred language settings);
your IP address, operating system, browser type, browser version, browser configuration, name of Internet provider, and any other relevant information regarding your computer and Internet connection in order to identify the type of your device, to connect you to the website, to exchange data with your (mobile) terminal device, or to ensure proper use of the website and an Asana Rebel application;
the URL and IP address of the website from which you access our website or from which you are transferred to our website, including date and time;
any pages of our website on which you click during your visit, and any links on our website on which you click, including date and time;
the entire Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream regarding, through, and from the website, including date and time;
your service inquiries and your orders;
your transaction history, including open and completed transactions;
search terms you input in relation to or within our Services;
information regarding your orders and payments;
information collected by cookies or similar technologies (as explained below);
your survey answers, critiques, evaluations, or other responses;
the content of all messages sent through the website or an Asana Rebel application, including information uploaded to social networks through the website or an Asana Rebel application or otherwise shared with us and/or other users, as well as chat messages and chat logs;
information about workouts you upload or download using an Asana Rebel application;
your newsletter subscriptions;
any consents you have given us;
any other information input or uploaded by you through the website or an Asana Rebel application (e.g., information you provide when completing an online form, photos you upload); or
data we receive when you log in through social media (e.g., if you log in with Facebook).
2. How is data collected?
Personal data is collected by us only if you provide such data to us on your own initiative by choosing to use our Services. To be able to use our Services, you must register your account with us.
2.1 Login
You may create an Asana Rebel user account through our login system. Following registration, you will be able to use your user account to subscribe to all Asana Rebel Services. To register, you must provide us with at least the following information:
first and last name,
e-mail address, and
password
Before completing the registration process, you must confirm that you have read our Privacy Policy and accept our General Terms and Conditions.
2.2 Adding information to your user profile
Asana Rebel application(s) also enable you to provide us with additional information, such as your gender, fitness level, and workout goals. After registering, you can add more information to your profile (e.g., a profile photo). If you do so, you will once again provide us with personal data. We will also receive data (including personal data) from you when you communicate with us or other users through an Asana Rebel application. If you create a workout schedule, we will receive information about which and how many workouts you have completed. We will also receive information about how you use Asana Rebel application(s). In that case, too, you will provide us with personal data.
2.3 Enabling access rights to your device
For you to be able to use an Asana Rebel application to the full extent, we will also need certain access rights to your smart phone. For example, we need access to your camera or your photos if you upload or want to change a profile photo. We use push messages to send you workout reminders or to notify you of new followers or comments. When you want to use such a function for the first time, we will ask you whether you grant us such access rights or we will ask you to grant us access by selecting the appropriate settings. Generally, you may revoke such access rights at any time by changing the appropriate settings.
2.4 Newsletter
You can register for our newsletter. That way, you will receive regular updates about the Asana Rebel Services. All you need to receive our newsletter is to provide us with a valid e-mail address. If you are no longer interested in receiving the newsletter, you may unsubscribe at any time using the link that is included in each newsletter.
2.5 Linking your account to Facebook
You can also link your Asana Rebel user account to your Facebook profile. To do so, simply choose “Login with Facebook” during the registration process; you will then be transferred to Facebook. There, you will be shown to which Facebook data we will receive access. We will store your Facebook e-mail address. This is the e-mail address we will use to contact you, if necessary. We will also record the fact that you have registered through Facebook.
2.6 Website
You will also transfer certain information to us when you access our website or Asana Rebel application(s), e.g., your IP address. We will also receive data about which terminal device (computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you are using, which browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.) you are using, the time at which you access the website, the so-called referrer, and the data volume transferred. Such data cannot be used by us to identify the user. This data is processed for statistical purposes only. Such analyses help us make our Services more attractive and, if necessary, to improve our Services.
2.7 Log files
Every time you access our website the aforementioned data will be automatically stored in log files. A log file automatically logs all or defined actions on a computer system. Such log files are important, for example, for process control and automation. In the case of databases a log file tracks changes to the database of correctly executed transactions. In the event of an error (e.g., a system crash), this allows the current dataset to be restored. Log files are also created by web servers.
Inter alia
, the following data are logged: the address of the accessing computer, authentication fields, date and time of access, access method, content of HTML access, status code of the web server, and information about the browser and operating system used by the client.
2.8 Other possible instances of data collection
Collection of data also happens, for example, when you contact us or other users, i.e., when you open your Asana Rebel user account, sign up for a subscription, upload a profile photo, or use our Services to send messages.
3. What are our legal bases for processing of your data?
We will collect, process, and use your personal data and other data to support the delivery of Asana Rebel Services in accordance with our General Terms and Conditions.  In this section we provide information on the legal basis for our processing of your Personal Data as required by Art. 13 and 14 of the GDPR, as well as provide detailed information about the purposes of collection, processing and use of your data.
We process your data based on the Article 6 of the GDPR relying on the following legal bases:
performance of our Services, Art. 6(1)b
legitimate interest relating to our Services, Art. 6(1)f
if you have given us your consent to process your data, Art. 6(1)a
if it is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation Art. 6(1)c.
We may also process the data if it is necessary to protect vital interests of our users and/or other people, or for the performance of an obligation to carry out in the public interest pursuant to Art. 6(1) (d) and (e).
4. What do we use your data for (purposes of processing)?
We will use personal data you have provided to us only if and to the extent necessary for providing our Services and handling of the contract or if you have consented that we may use your data for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We process and use data (including personal data) you make available to us voluntarily on the website or through the Asana Rebel application in various situations (e.g., when you send us an e-mail). We also use data that are collected automatically on our website or through the Asana Rebel application. Finally, we may also receive data about you from third parties, for example when another user provides us with information about you.
We collect, process and use data for the following purposes:
to administer, operate, maintain, and improve the website and Asana Rebel application(s);
to allow and process orders for services placed by you through the website or Asana Rebel application(s);
to customize your experience in relation to our website or Asana Rebel application(s) (e.g., by tailoring content and offers to your personal preferences);
to assess your right to receive certain types of offers or services;
to support the improvement and customization of the Asana Rebel Services;
to analyze and research customer behavior;
to respond to your questions and inquiries;
to provide you with information about services that may be of interest to you;
to communicate with you about certain concerns;
to manage awards, surveys, winning games, lotteries, or other promotional activities or events;
to comply with our legal obligations to prevent any unlawful use of the website or Asana Rebel application(s), to protect the security of our Service, to detect and prevent fraud or abuse, to settle disputes, and to enforce our contracts;
for any other purposes to which you have consented in a particular case, or
otherwise as permitted by applicable law.
If required by law, we will ask for your consent before collecting, processing, or using your personal data for any of the aforementioned purposes.
We will also notify you if we want to use your personal data for a new or different purpose. We will use your personal data for such other purposes only if and to the extent necessary or permitted by applicable law or with your consent.
5. How long and where are data stored?
Your personal data will be stored for as long as this is necessary for achieving the defined purposes of processing. If you cancel your user account, we will also erase within reasonable time or archive your personal data, i.e. restrict processing. An exception applies only if we have a legal obligation to archive data for a certain time period.
6. Cookies and tracking pixels
We collect information about visitors to our website and about users of our Asana Rebel application(s) in order to improve our Services. For this purpose we use different kinds of so-called cookies and tracking pixels (a.k.a. web beacons).
A cookie allows a web server to place a text file (e.g., a clear ID) on your computer or smart phone/tablet. Cookies are used, for example, to automatically recognize you the next time you visit our websites or use an Asana Rebel application. The cookie is sent either by the web server to your browser or is generated by client-side scripting (e.g., JavaScript). Cookie data will be stored locally on your terminal device and in most cases will be effective only for a limited time period.
Websites that include flash media write user-specific data to your computer and later read such data. Such files are called flash cookies or local shared objects (LSO). Such files are not managed by your browser, but rather by the flash player plug-in. Flash cookies are subject to the same rules as conventional cookies. Flash cookies, too, can only be read by the website that caused those flash cookies to be placed. However, flash cookies can store a substantially greater volume of data.
Your browser offers extensive setting options to manage cookies. For example, you can deactivate cookies in your browser or limit cookies to certain websites. You can also program your browser to first notify you before a cookie is placed. You can also choose these settings on your mobile terminal devices. You can at any time manage cookies by changing the settings of your devices, delete cookies, or block cookies altogether.
You can also visit our website even if you block cookies on your terminal device. If you block cookies, the display of our website may however be impaired and not all functions may be available to you. You can also use Asana Rebel application(s) without cookies. In that case, you may however no longer be able to use all functions of such application as conveniently.
Tracking pixels are small graphics in HTML e-mails or on websites. When you access such a website, your access to the tracking pixel will be recorded in a log file. This allows statistical analysis, which, in turn, can be used to improve our Services. You can set your e-mail program or your browser so that HTML e-mails will be displayed as text only, thereby preventing the use of some tracking pixels.
7. Transfer of data to third parties
Your personal data will be transferred to third parties only if we have a legal obligation to do so, if the data transfer is necessary for performance of the contract, or if you have consented to the transfer of your data. Third-party service providers and partner companies will receive your data only if and to the extent necessary for performance of the contract or with your consent. In such cases, the extent to which data are transferred will however be kept to the absolute minimum. To the extent that our service providers come into contact with your personal data, we will make sure that they too will comply with all applicable data protection laws. Please also read the data privacy policies of such third-party providers.
We use cloud services. This means we will transfer your data to a third party – the cloud services provider – and store data on the servers of that provider. In some cases, your data may also be stored on servers outside the European Union (EU) or European Economic Area (EEA). In some cases, your data may also be processed there. We either ensure through appropriate contracts that such service providers guarantee the same level of data privacy to which you are also entitled in the European Union or we use only providers that are EU-US Privacy Shield certified (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
). Either alternative ensures an appropriate level data privacy.
8. Data processing – third-party services and partners
To be able to offer you all functions and services of Asana Rebel application(s) in the most convenient way possible and to be able to continuously improve our Services, we use third-party services and partners. We also use the assistance of third parties to improve our website. Finally, we use certain tools for our marketing.
Below is the description of the third-party services we use and for what purposes:
8.1 Google
We use a number of different Google services (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A. – hereinafter “Google”) for analysis and marketing purposes. These tools collect and statistically analyze data about your use of our Services in different ways. We also use your data to show you personalized ads with the help of Google services. By using our website or our Asana Rebel Services, you consent that we may use your data for these purposes.
Below (in 8.1.1-8.1.6) we will explain the different services and the ways in which you can to conveniently revoke your consent, and we provide you with additional important information.
Additional information about how Google handles data transmitted by us is available here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/
.
You can find additional information about how Google uses cookies in the data privacy policy of Google here: (
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
).
Information generated by Google tools is generally transferred to a server of Google in the United States and stored there. Google and its subsidiaries are EU-US Privacy-Shield certified.
8.1.1 Google Analytics
Our application(s) and our website use
Google Analytics
, a web analysis program of Google. Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your terminal device and allows an analysis of your use. We activate IP address anonymization so that IP addresses will first be truncated by Google within the European Union. On our behalf Google uses such information to analyze your use of our Services as well as the use of our Services by other users, and provides us with reports and other services. The IP address transmitted from your terminal device to Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data of Google. Google will transfer your data to third parties only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
You can prevent the collection and processing of information generated by the Google cookie by placing an opt-out cookie or deactivating Google Analytics in the menu of your terminal device. In the alternative, you can also install a browser plug-in, which you will find here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
8.1.2 DoubleClick by Google
DoubleClick
uses cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you. In the process, a pseudonymous identification number (ID) is assigned to you to monitor which ads have been shown in your browser and which ads have been clicked. Such cookies contain no personal information. DoubleClick cookies allow Google and its partner websites to show ads on the basis of previous visits to our website or other websites on the Internet. Information generated by such cookies is transferred by Google to a server in the United States for analysis, where it is stored. Google never merges your data with any other data of Google. Data is transferred to third parties by Google only if permitted by applicable law or in accordance with outsourced data processing agreements.
If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, you can place an opt-out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can also install the DoubleClick deactivation browser add-on. You will find this browser plug-in here:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
8.1.3 Google AdWords
We use
Google AdWords
to advertise our offers. Following a search on Google, our ads will be shown in the areas designated for this purpose. Our website registers with the help of cookies how many users have found our Services through such ads. We use such data to optimize our ads. A cookie is stored by Google when an ad is clicked. You can block the cookie by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. In that case, your visit to our website will not be included in anonymous user statistics.
If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, you can place an opt-out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can also block cookies, for example, by installing an appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
8.1.4 Google Dynamic Remarketing
We use
Google Dynamic Remarketing
functions on our website. This technology allows us to show automatically generated, target group-based ads following your visit to our website. The ads shown are based on products and services on which you clicked or which you viewed during your last visit to our website. Google uses cookies to generate interest-based ads. If you do not wish to receive user-based ads from Google, you can deactivate ads by selecting the appropriate settings of Google.
If you do not wish to receive personalized ads, you can place an opt out cookie:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
You can block personalized ads by installing the appropriate browser plug-in, which is available here:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
You can also block personalized ads from Google and other advertising networks by opting out on the following page:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
8.1.5 Firebase
Firebase
is a Google subsidiary with its registered office in San Francisco, CA, U.S.A. We use
Firebase SDK
and
Google Analytics for Firebase
for our Asana Rebel application(s). This tool allows us to use the same Google Analytics functions for an application that can also be used for websites. Firebase uses technologies that work similar to cookies, in particular advertising IDs. This way, we collect information about how you use the Asana Rebel application(s). We use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test our offers (e.g., A/B testing), and to improve our offers. In addition, we use such information for personalized advertising. By using our Services you consent to our collection of such data. In addition, we use
Firebase Remote Config
to make changes to our Asana Rebel application(s).
If you do not wish that such data is collected, you may opt out at any time. You can conveniently do so, for example, by selecting the appropriate settings in your mobile terminal device. How you can prevent such data from being collected on your Android device is explained, for example, here:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
On your iOS device you will find the appropriate setting under Settings > Data Privacy > Advertising.
8.1.6 Crashlytics
We use
Crashlytics
to analyze the application stability of our Asana Rebel application(s). Crashlytics is a subsidiary of Google. Crashlytics delivers analyses of errors and system crashes in real time, thereby facilitating maintenance of the application. In the process none of your personal data will be transmitted, but only crash reports with information about register codes and your device, e.g., type of device and version of operating system.
The diagnostic data collected are processed in the United States. Like Google and other subsidiaries of Google, Crashlytics is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
Diagnostic information is subject to the data privacy policy of Crashlytics, which is available here:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
.
8.2 Social plug-ins
We use the following social plug-ins for our website:
Facebook
(operator: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, U.S.A.)
Twitter
(operator: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, U.S.A.)
Google+
(operator: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A.)
These plug-ins routinely collect data from you and transfer such data to servers of the provider.
Once activated, such plug-ins will also record your IP address. In addition, activated social plug-ins will place a cookie with a clear ID when the relevant website is accessed. This also allows providers to create profiles of your user behavior. Such a cookie is placed whether or not you are a member of the social network. If you are a member of a social network and are logged in when you visit our website or when you use the Asana Rebel application(s), data and information about your visit to our website or your use of an Asana Rebel application may be linked to your profile on the social network. Please note that we have no control over the exact extent to which your data will be collected by social network providers. For more information about the extent, type, and purpose of data processing and about rights and settings to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of the relevant social network provider. These are available at the following addresses:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy/
Google+:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/
8.2.1 Facebook Connect
We use the “
Facebook Connect
” function, so that you can register and log in with us using your Facebook account.
If you use Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and public data from your Facebook profile will be transferred to us. Conversely, data may be transferred from us to your Facebook profile. Such data are used by us to register you on our website or for Asana Rebel application(s) or to allow you to log in. For this purpose we also store and process such data.
By registering on our website or for an Asana Rebel application with the help of Facebook Connect you consent that your profile data from your Facebook profile may be transferred to us and, conversely, that we may transfer data to Facebook.
Please also note that Facebook receives information through Facebook Connect about how you use our Asana Rebel application(s) and our website.
For information about the purpose and extent of data processing, the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and setting options to protect your privacy, please refer to the data privacy policy of Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
8.3 Pinterest
On our website we use the “Pin it” button plug-in of Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, U.S.A.). When you visit our website this plug-in establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Pinterest server. This tells Pinterest that you have visited our website with your IP address. If you are logged into Pinterest during your visit, you can share content on Pinterest by clicking on the “Pin it” button. This way, Pinterest can also correlate your visit to our website to your Pinterest user account. Again, please note that as a website provider, we do not know the content of transferred data or how such data are used by Pinterest, nor do we have any control over this process. You will find the data privacy policy of Pinterest here:
https://de.about.pinterest.com/privacy/
.
You can change the settings for the storage of your data here:
https://help.pinterest.com/entries/25010303-How-does-Pinterest-use-data-about-other-websites-I-visit
. You can do so whether or not you are a Pinterest user.
8.4 Adjust
Asana Rebel application(s) and our website use the
Adjust
service of adjust GmbH (Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin). The
Adjust
service has been audited and certified in accordance with the ePrivacyseal (European Seal for Your Privacy) (see
https://www.eprivacy.eu/vergebene-siegel/
).
This service allows us to monitor our marketing performance, to adjust our advertising campaigns, and to better understand, overall, how you use our application. To achieve this goal, we can,
inter alia
, monitor in real time how you interact with our application. For this purpose Adjust, for example, collects your IP address in anonymous form (as a hash value), and tracks when you install and open Asana Rebel application(s) for the first time, how you interact with the application, or on which ads you click.
Once collected, such data are not merged with any other data for personal identification purposes.
You may choose at any time that such data shall no longer be collected in the future. If so, please simply use the opt-out option of adjust at
https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/
.
8.5 Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 6), the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3), or the name of your provider (e.g., Vodafone). In addition, Amplitude tracks events that occur in our Asana Rebel application(s). Such events may, for example, be completed workouts. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Services.
Data collected by Amplitude Inc. in the United States is transferred to servers of Amplitude Inc. in the United States, where they are stored. Amplitude is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
8.6 Facebook Custom Audiences
We use the remarketing function “
Custom Audiences
” of Facebook Inc. (1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, U.S.A.). This function allows us to show visitors of our website and users of Asana Rebel application(s) interest-based ads when they visit Facebook (“Facebook ads”), and to analyze such Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes, which helps us optimize future advertising. For this purpose we use the so-called Facebook pixel (website) and Facebook SDK (Asana Rebel application).
Collected data are anonymous for us and allow no inferences as to your identity. Aside from us, Facebook however also stores and processes such data. Facebook may correlate such data to your user profile, and Facebook may also use such data for its own advertising purposes in accordance with the Facebook data privacy policy (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
).
Such data may allow Facebook and its partners to show ads on or off Facebook.
Facebook generally also stores such data on servers in the United States. Facebook is EU-US Privacy Shield certified.
You can generally block the placement of cookies on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, so that cookies will no longer be placed on your computer in the future and/or so that cookies that have already been placed will be deleted. If you do so, you may no longer be able to correctly use some functions on our website.
With the help of an appropriate opt-out cookie from Digital Advertising Alliance you can also completely deactivate advertising by third-party providers such as Facebook:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
In the alternative, you can deactivate the remarketing function “Custom Audiences” in your Facebook settings:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#
=
To do so, you must be registered with Facebook.
8.7 Greenhouse
We use Greenhouse Software, Inc. (18 West 18th St, 9th Floor
New York, NY 10011, U.S.A.), an applicant tracking system and recruiting software.
If you are a candidate interested to work at Asana Rebel, you will be redirected to the Greenhouse suit either through our website’s career section, or if you are applying through a recruiter or by ways other than through our website, your data may be shared with Greenhouse Software, Inc.
When you apply to a job through an online application form or by sending us your CV, the personal data contained in your application will be collected and processed for the purposes of managing our recruitment related activities, which includes setting up and conducting interviews and evaluating and assessing the results. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in this application process is permissible under Art. 6(1) (b) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
Greenhouse Software Inc. is our software provider for the application process and in the context of system maintenance and support, may also become aware of your personal data. For the purpose of application management, your data is being stored and processed on servers of Greenhouse, located in the USA.
In the event of a rejection, your personal data will be deleted after 12 months.  Under the GDPR, you have the right to request access to your personal data, to request that your personal data be rectified or erased, and to request that processing of your personal data be restricted.
You will find additional information about the manner in which Greenhouse processes data at:
https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy
.
9. Data security
Data transfers are generally subject to security gaps. It is technically impossible to protect your data 100% from access by third parties. However, we strive to minimize this risk as much as possible. We therefore maintain state-of-the-art measures to guarantee data security and to protect your data from access by third parties. In addition, we use strong SSL or TLS encryption for all data transfers. However, please make sure not to provide your login data to any third parties.
10. Websites of third parties
We occasionally place links to websites of third parties. Although we carefully select such third parties, we make no guarantee and assume no liability for the correctness or completeness of content or data security of any third-party websites. Nor does this Privacy Policy apply to linked third-party websites. We assume no responsibility for data privacy policies or content of any other websites.
11. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy, for example if we add new functions or services to the application. We will however notify you of any changes and ask that you read and accept such changes before they are implemented by us.
12. Your rights: information/revocation/erasure and data controller
You may at any time and at no cost request us to provide you information about your personal data that are processed by us, correction of any errors in your personal data, termination of processing of your personal data, or erasure of your personal data – subject to mandatory legal provisions or obligations to the contrary. In particular, if you qualify as the “data subject” under the terms of (GDPR), you have the right to:
request information on personal data processed by us about you as provided by Art. 15 GDPR.
in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, to immediately demand the correction of incorrect data or completion of incomplete personal data stored with us;
pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, to request deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing of the data is required for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims;
in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you or the processing is unlawful;
in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another controller;
in accordance with Art. 7 (3) GDPR, to revoke at any time your consent previously granted to us. As a result, we will be no longer able to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future;
in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR, users have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our company headquarters for this purpose.
also, if your personal data is processed based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, provided that there are reasons based on your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct marketing. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which shall be implemented by us without you specifying any particular situation.
13. Contact details of the Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
To exercise your rights under GDPR, simply contact us at any time by letter or e-mail at:
Asana Rebel GmbH
Dessauer Str. 28-29
10963 Berlin
E-mail:
Customer Support
Managing directors: Pascal Klein, Robin Pratap
Recorded in the Commercial Register at the Local Court of Berlin Charlottenburg under number HRB 166253
VAT ID: DE300029725
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg
For all request concerning the security of your data you can contact our data protection officer at privacy@asanarebel.com.
Please note that communications by email can always be flawed by security gaps. Therefore, if you have a particularly sensitive request, please contact our data protection officer by postal mail.
English (see above) / Deutsch
Datenschutzerklärung Asana Rebel GmbH
Wir, die Asana Rebel GmbH, Dessauer Str. 28-29, 10963 Berlin, verpflichten uns dazu, die Privatsphäre der Nutzer von der Asana-Rebel-Website, von Asana-Rebel-Anwendungen, und/oder von anderen verbundenen Diensten (nachfolgend kollektiv als „Asana-Rebel-Dienste“ oder „Dienste“ bezeichnet) zu schützen.
Im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärungist die Asana Rebel GmbH Verantwortlicher für alle Asana-Rebel-Dienste.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung erläutert die Arten von personenbezogenen und nicht-personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir solche Daten nutzen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung ist ein Teil unserer Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen und gilt für alle Asana-Rebel-Dienste. Aus diesem Grund sollten Sie dafür sorgen, dass Sie unsere Datenschutzerklärung, ebenso wie unsere Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen, lesen und verstehen.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt nicht für Websites, Dienste oder Anwendungen von Dritten, selbst wenn Zugriff über Asana-Rebel-Dienste besteht.
Indem Sie einen Asana-Rebel-Dienst nutzen, garantieren und vertreten Sie, dass (i) Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung gelesen und verstanden haben und Ihr zustimmen, (ii) Sie älter als 16 Jahre sind (oder Sie ein Elternteil oder ein Erziehungsberechtigter sind, der die Befugnis dazu hat, dieser Datenschutzerklärung zugunsten einer natürlichen Person zuzustimmen, die jünger als 16 Jahre ist). Falls Sie den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Bedingungen und den damit verbundenen Einwilligungen nicht zustimmen, nutzen Sie unsere Dienste bitte nicht.
Letzte Aktualisierung: Januar 2022
1. Welche Arten von Datenkategorien erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen wir?
Wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen personenbezogene und nicht-personenbezogene Daten.
1.1 Personenbezogene und nicht-personenbezogene Daten
Der Begriff „personenbezogene Daten” ist vom Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (
BDSG
) und der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (
DSGVO
) definiert. Sie können sich Ihre personenbezogenen Daten als jede Art von Daten vorstellen, die Ihre Identifizierung ermöglichen oder mit Ihnen in Verbindung gebracht werden können.
Im Gegensatz dazu können “nicht-personenbezogene” Daten nicht mit einer bestimmten Person in Verbindung gebracht werden. Durch das Entfernen identifizierbarer Merkmale und die Anonymisierung personenbezogener Daten können diese in nicht-personenbezogene Daten umgewandelt werden.
1.2 Daten die wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen
Wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen drei Arten von Daten:
Daten, die Sie uns freiwillig übermitteln;
Daten, die wir erhalten, wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, und
Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
In der Regel erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen wir die folgenden Datenkategorien:
Ihren Namen und Ihre Adresse;
Ihre persönlichen Kontaktdaten (Telefon, E-Mail, Fax, usw.);
Ihren Benutzernamen und Ihr Passwort;
die Daten Ihres Benutzerprofils (z.B. Ihr Workout-Plan);
Ihre Benutzereinstellungen (z.B. bevorzugte Spracheinstellungen);
Ihre IP-Adresse, Ihr Betriebssystem, Ihre Browserart, Ihre Browserversion, Ihre Browserkonfiguration, der Name des Internetanbieters, und jede andere relevante Information betreffend Ihren Computer und Ihre Internetverbindung, dies um die Art Ihres Gerätes zu erkennen, Sie mit der Website zu verbinden, oder um die korrekte Nutzung der Website und jeder Asana-Rebel-Anwendung zu ermöglichen;
die URL- und IP-Adresse der Website, von welcher aus Sie unsere Website erreichen oder von welcher Sie auf unsere Website weitergeleitet wurden, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
jede Seite unserer Website, auf welche Sie während Ihres Besuchs klicken, und jeder Link auf unserer Website, auf den Sie klicken, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
den gesamten „Uniform Resource Locator“(URL)-Clickstream bezüglich, durch, und von der Website, einschließlich Datum und Uhrzeit;
Ihre Anfragen zu unseren Diensten und Ihre Bestellungen;
eine Übersicht Ihrer getätigten Transaktionen, einschließlich offener und abgeschlossener Transaktionen;
Suchbegriffe, die Sie in Bezug auf oder im Rahmen unserer Dienste eingegeben haben;
Informationen bezüglich Ihrer Bestellungen und Zahlungen;
Informationen, die durch Cookies oder ähnliche Technologien erhoben wurden (wie weiter unten erläutert);
Ihre Antworten bei Umfragen, Ihre Kritiken, Ihre Bewertungen, und weitere Reaktionen;
der Inhalt aller Nachrichten, die über die Website oder eine Asana-Rebel-Anwendung verschickt wurden, einschließlich Informationen, die über die Website oder eine Asana-Rebel-Anwendung hochgeladen wurden oder auf andere Art und Weise mit uns und/oder anderen Nutzern geteilt wurden, ebenso wie Chat-Nachrichten und Chat-Verläufe;
Informationen über Workouts, die Sie mithilfe der Asana-Rebel-Anwendung hochladen oder herunterladen;
Ihre Newsletter-Abos;
jede Einwilligung, die Sie uns gegeben haben;
jede weitere Information, die durch Sie und mithilfe der Website oder einer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung eingegeben oder hochgeladen wurde (z.B. Informationen, die Sie beim Ausfüllen eines Online-Formulars zur Verfügung stellen oder von Ihnen hochgeladene Fotos); oder
Daten, die wir erhalten, wenn Sie sich über einen Social-Media-Kanal anmelden (z.B. bei einer Anmeldung mit Facebook).
2. Wie werden Daten erhoben?
Personenbezogene Daten werden nur von uns erhoben, wenn Sie uns solche Daten auf Ihre Eigeninitiative hin zur Verfügung stellen, indem Sie sich dazu entscheiden, unsere Dienste zu nutzen. Um unsere Dienste zu nutzen, müssen Sie bei uns ein Konto registrieren.
2.1 Anmeldung
Sie können ein Asana-Rebel-Konto mit unserem Anmelde-System einrichten. Im Anschluss an Ihre Registrierung können Sie Ihr Benutzerkonto verwenden, um sich für alle Asana-Rebel-Dienste anzumelden. Um sich zu registrieren, müssen Sie uns mindestens die folgenden Informationen zur Verfügung stellen:
Vor- und Nachname,
E-Mail-Adresse, und
Passwort
Bevor Sie den Registrierungsvorgang abschließen, müssen Sie bestätigen, dass sie unsere Datenschutzerklärung gelesen haben und dass Sie unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen zustimmen.
2.2 Hinzufügen von Informationen auf Ihrem Benutzerprofil
Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) ermöglichen es Ihnen ebenfalls, uns zusätzliche Informationen zu übermitteln, wie beispielsweise Ihr Geschlecht, Ihr Fitnesslevel, und Ihre Workout-Ziele. Nach der Registrierung können Sie Ihrem Profil weitere Informationen hinzufügen (z.B. ein Profilfoto). Wenn Sie dies tun, übermitteln Sie uns auf diese Weise erneut personenbezogene Daten. Wir erhalten ebenfalls Daten (einschließlich personenbezogene Daten), wenn Sie mit uns oder anderen Nutzern mithilfe einer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung kommunizieren. Wenn Sie einen Workout-Plan erstellen, erhalten wir Informationen darüber, welche und wie viele Workouts Sie abgeschlossen haben. Wir erhalten ebenfalls Informationen darüber, wie Sie Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) verwenden. In diesem Falle stellen Sie uns ebenfalls personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung.
2.3 Zugriffsrechte auf Ihr Gerät erteilen
Damit Sie eine Asana-Rebel-Anwendung in vollem Umfang nutzen können, werden wir ebenfalls verschiedene Zugangsrechte für Ihr Smartphone benötigen. So benötigen wir beispielsweise Zugriff auf Ihre Kamera oder Ihre Fotos, wenn Sie ein Profilfoto hochladen oder ändern möchten. Wir verwenden Push-Nachrichten, um Ihnen Erinnerungen an Workouts zu schicken oder um Sie über neue Follower oder Kommentare zu informieren. Wenn Sie eine solche Funktion zum ersten Mal nutzen möchten, werden wir Sie fragen, ob Sie uns die notwendigen Zugangsrechte erteilen, oder wir werden Sie darum bitten, uns den Zugriff durch die Auswahl der entsprechenden Einstellungen zu erlauben. In der Regel können Sie solche Zugangsrechte zu jedem Zeitpunkt widerrufen, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen ändern.
2.4 Newsletter
Sie können sich für unseren Newsletter anmelden. Auf diese Weise erhalten Sie regelmäßige Updates über die Asana-Rebel-Dienste. Alles, was Sie tun müssen, um unseren Newsletter zu empfangen, ist uns eine gültige E-Mail-Adresse mitzuteilen. Falls Sie kein Interesse mehr daran haben, den Newsletter zu erhalten, können Sie sich jederzeit mit dem Link abmelden, den Sie in jedem Newsletter finden.
2.5 Verknüpfung Ihres Kontos mit Facebook
Sie können Ihr Asana-Rebel-Konto ebenfalls mit Ihrem Facebook-Profil verknüpfen. Um dies zu tun, wählen Sie einfach „Mit Facebook anmelden“ während des Registrierungsvorgangs; Sie werden daraufhin zu Facebook weitergeleitet. Hier wird Ihnen angezeigt, auf welche Ihrer Facebook-Daten wir Zugriff erhalten. Wir werden Ihre Facebook-E-Mail-Adresse speichern. Mit dieser E-Mail-Adresse werden wir Sie bei Bedarf kontaktieren. Wir werden ebenfalls die Tatsache abspeichern, dass Sie sich über Facebook registriert haben.
2.6 Website
Sie übermitteln ebenfalls verschiedene Informationen an uns, wenn Sie auf unsere Website oder auf Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) zugreifen, z.B. Ihre IP-Adresse. Wir erhalten ebenfalls Daten darüber, welches Endgerät (Computer, Smartphone, Tablet, usw.) Sie benutzen, welchen Browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, usw.) Sie verwenden und zu welchem Zeitpunkt Sie die Website besuchen, sowie Daten zum sogenannten Referrer und zum Volumen der übertragenen Daten. Solche Daten können von uns nicht dazu verwendet werden, den Nutzer zu identifizieren. Diese Daten werden nur für statistische Zwecke erhoben. Analysen dieser Art helfen uns dabei, unsere Dienste attraktiver zu gestalten und, falls notwendig, unsere Dienste zu verbessern.
2.7 Logdateien
Jedes Mal, wenn Sie auf unsere Website zugreifen, werden die oben genannten Daten automatisch in unseren Logdateien gespeichert. Eine Logdatei protokolliert automatisch alle oder bestimmte Aktionen auf einem Computersystem. Solche Logdateien sind unter anderem wichtig für die Prozesskontrolle und die Automation. Im Bereich von Datenbanken zeichnet eine Logdatei Veränderungen, die die Datenbank korrekt ausgeführter Transaktionen betreffen, auf. Falls ein Fehler auftritt (z.B. ein Systemabsturz), erlaubt dies die Wiederherstellung des aktuellen Datensatzes. Logdateien werden ebenfalls von Web-Servern erstellt. Unter anderem werden folgende Daten protokolliert: die Adresse des zugreifenden Computers, Authentifizierungsfelder, Datum und Uhrzeit des Zugriffs, Zugriffsmethode, Inhalt des HTML-Zugriffs, Statuscode des Webservers, und Informationen über den vom Kunden verwendeten Browser und das Betriebssystem.
2.8 Andere Möglichkeiten der Datenerhebung
Datenerhebung findet beispielsweise ebenfalls statt, wenn Sie uns oder andere Nutzer kontaktieren, d.h. wenn Sie Ihr Asana-Rebel-Benutzerkonto eröffnen, sich für ein Abo anmelden, ein Profilfoto hochladen, oder unsere Dienste nutzen, um Nachrichten zu schicken.
3. Was sind Ihre Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten?
Wir werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und andere Daten erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen, um die Bereitstellung von Asana-Rebel-Diensten in Übereinstimmung mit unseren Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen zu unterstützen. In diesem Abschnitt geben wir Ihnen gemäß Artikel 13 und 14 der DSGVO Informationen zu den Rechtsgrundlagen unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, und wir geben Ihnen ebenfalls detaillierte Informationen zu den Zwecken dieser Erhebung, Verarbeitung und Nutzung Ihrer Daten.
Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten gemäß Artikel 6 der DSGVO basierend auf den folgenden Rechtsgrundlagen:
Durchführung unserer Dienste, Art. 6(1)b
berechtigtes Interesse in Bezug auf unsere Dienste, Art. 6(1)f
wenn Sie uns Ihre Einwilligung erteilt haben, Ihre Daten zu verarbeiten, Art. 6(1)a
wenn es für uns notwendig ist, um eine rechtliche Verpflichtung zu erfüllen, Art. 6(1)c.
Es steht uns ebenfalls frei, die Daten zu verarbeiten, wenn es notwendig ist, um lebenswichtige Interessen unserer Nutzer und/oder anderer Menschen zu beschützen, oder für die Erfüllung einer Verpflichtung die im öffentlichen Interesse liegt, gemäß Art. 6(1) (d) und (e).
4. Wofür nutzen wir Ihre Daten (Verarbeitungszwecke)?
Wir nutzen personenbezogene Daten, die Sie uns übermittelt haben, nur wenn und soweit dies notwendig ist, um unsere Dienste anzubieten und den Vertrag zu erfüllen oder wenn Sie uns Ihre Einwilligung dazu gegeben haben, dass wir Ihre Daten zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Zwecken nutzen dürfen.
Wir verarbeiten und nutzen die Daten (einschließlich personenbezogene Daten), die Sie uns freiwillig auf der Website oder mittels einer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung in unterschiedlichen Situationen zur Verfügung stellen (z.B. wenn Sie uns eine E-Mail schicken). Wir nutzen ebenfalls die Daten, die automatisch auf der Website oder durch die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung erhoben werden. Als Letztesist es ebenfalls möglich, dass wir Daten, die Sie betreffen, von Dritten erhalten, beispielsweise wenn ein anderer Nutzer uns Informationen über Sie zur Verfügung stellt.
Wir erheben, verarbeiten und nutzen Daten zu den folgenden Zwecken:
um die Website und die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) zu verwalten, zu betreiben, aufrechtzuerhalten, und zu verbessern;
um Bestellungen von Diensten, die von Ihnen auf der Website oder mittels der Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) aufgegeben wurden, zu erlauben und zu bearbeiten;
um Ihr Nutzererlebnis in Bezug auf unsere Website oder die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) anzupassen (z.B. indem wir Inhalte und Angebote Ihren persönlichen Bedürfnissen anpassen);
um Ihr Recht auf den Erhalt von bestimmten Arten von Angeboten oder Diensten zu beurteilen;
um die Verbesserung und Anpassung der Asana-Rebel-Dienste zu unterstützen;
um Kundenverhalten zu analysieren und zu recherchieren;
um Ihre Fragen und Anfragen zu beantworten;
um Ihnen Informationen zu Diensten zu übermitteln, die Sie interessieren könnten;
um uns mit Ihnen bezüglich bestimmter Anliegen in Verbindung zu setzen;
um Prämien, Umfragen, Gewinnspiele, Verlosungen, oder andere Werbeaktionen zu verwalten;
um unsere rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen, jede unrechtmäßige Nutzung der Website oder der Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) zu verhindern, die Sicherheit unseres Dienstes zu schützen, Betrug oder Missbrauch zu erkennen und zu verhindern, um Streitfälle zu klären, und um unsere Verträge zu erfüllen;
zu jedem anderen Zweck, dem Sie in einem bestimmten Fall Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, oder
ansonsten gemäß geltendem Recht.
Falls gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, werden wir um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, bevor wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu einem der oben genannten Zwecke erheben, verarbeiten, oder nutzen.
Wir werden Sie ebenfalls benachrichtigen, falls wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu einem neuen oder anderen Zweck nutzen wollen. Wir nutzen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur zu solchen anderen Zwecken, wenn und soweit vom geltenden Recht her notwendig oder vorgeschrieben, oder mit Ihrer Einwilligung.
5. Wie lange und wo werden Daten gespeichert?
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden so lange gespeichert, wie es nötig ist, um die festgelegten Verarbeitungszwecke zu erreichen. Falls Sie Ihr Benutzerkonto kündigen, werden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ebenfalls innerhalb einer angemessenen Frist löschen oder archivieren, d.h. die Verarbeitung einschränken. Eine Ausnahme besteht nur, wenn wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind, Daten für eine bestimmte Dauer zu archivieren.
6. Cookies und Zählpixel
Wir erheben Informationen über Besucher unserer Website und über Nutzer unserer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en), um unsere Dienste zu verbessern. Zu diesem Zweck nutzen wir verschiedene Arten sogenannter Cookies und Zählpixel (auch bekannt als Web Beacons).
Ein Cookie erlaubt es einem Webserver, eine Textdatei (z.B. eine eindeutige Kennung) auf Ihrem Computer oder Ihrem Smartphone/Tablet abzulegen. Cookies werden beispielsweise dafür verwendet, um Sie automatisch wiederzuerkennen, wenn Sie das nächste Mal unsere Websites besuchen oder eine Asana-Rebel-Anwendung nutzen. Der Cookie wird entweder vom Webserver auf Ihren Browser geschickt oder er wird durch clientseitiges Scripting generiert (z.B. JavaScript). Cookie-Daten werden lokal auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert und sind in der Regel nur für eine begrenzte Zeit wirksam.
Websites, die Flash-Medien enthalten, schreiben benutzerspezifische Daten auf Ihren Computer und lesen solche Daten zu einem späteren Zeitpunkt. Solche Dateien werden als Flash-Cookies oder Local Shared Objects (LSO) bezeichnet. Solche Dateien werden nicht von Ihrem Browser verwaltet, sondern vom Flashplayer-Plug-in. Flash-Cookies unterliegen denselben Bestimmungen wie gewöhnliche Cookies. Flash-Cookies können ebenfalls nur von der Website gelesen werden, die die Ablegung solcher Flash-Cookies veranlasst hat. Flash-Cookies können allerdings ein erheblich größeres Datenvolumen speichern.
Ihr Browser bietet Ihnen ausführliche Einstelloptionen, um Cookies zu verwalten. Sie können beispielsweise Cookies in Ihrem Browser deaktivieren oder die Verwendung von Cookies auf bestimmten Websites einschränken. Sie können Ihren Browser ebenfalls so konfigurieren, dass er Sie benachrichtigt, bevor ein Cookie abgelegt wird. Sie können diese Einstellungen ebenfalls auf Ihren mobilen Endgeräten auswählen. Sie können Cookies zu jedem Zeitpunkt verwalten, indem Sie die Einstellungen Ihrer Geräte ändern, Cookies löschen, oder Cookies allgemein blockieren.
Sie können unsere Website selbst dann besuchen, wenn Sie Cookies auf Ihrem Endgerät blockieren. Falls Sie Cookies blockieren, besteht allerdings die Möglichkeit, dass unsere Website nur mit Einschränkungen angezeigt wird und Ihnen nicht alle Funktionen zur Verfügung stehen. Sie können ebenfalls die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) ohne Cookies nutzen. In diesem Fall könnte es allerdings sein, dass Sie nicht mehr alle Funktionen solcher Anwendungen so bequem nutzen können.
Zählpixel sind kleine Grafiken in HTML-E-Mails oder auf Websites. Wenn Sie auf eine solche Website zugreifen, wird Ihr Zugriff auf den Zählpixel in einer Logdatei gespeichert. Dies erlaubt eine statistische Analyse, welche wiederum zur Verbesserung unserer Dienste verwendet werden kann. Sie können Ihr E-Mail-Programm oder Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass HTML-E-Mails nur als Text dargestellt werden, und auf diese Weise die Nutzung verschiedener Zählpixel verhindern.
7. Datenübertragung an Dritte
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden nur an Dritte übertragen, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, wenn die Datenübertragung für die Durchführung des Vertrags notwendig ist, oder wenn Sie Ihre Einwilligung zu dieser Datenübertragung erteilt haben. Drittanbieter und Partnerunternehmen erhalten Ihre Daten nur, wenn und soweit dies für die Vertragserfüllung notwendig ist oder mit Ihrer Einwilligung. In solchen Fällen wird der Umfang der Datenübertragung allerdings auf ein absolutes Mindestmaß eingeschränkt. Insoweit unsere Dienstleister mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten in Berührung kommen, werden wir dafür sorgen, dass diese sich ebenfalls an alle geltenden Datenschutzgesetze halten. Bitte lesen Sie ebenfalls die Datenschutzerklärungen solcher Drittanbieter.
Wir nutzen Cloud-Dienste. Dies bedeutet, dass wir Ihre Daten an einen Drittanbieter – den Anbieter von Cloud-Diensten – übertragen und Daten auf den Servern von diesem Anbieter speichern. In einigen Fällen könnten Ihre Daten ebenfalls auf Servern außerhalb der Europäischen Union (EU) oder des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) gespeichert werden. In einigen Fällen könnten Ihre Daten ebenfalls dort verarbeitet werden. Wir stellen entweder durch angemessene Verträge sicher, dass solche Dienstleistungsanbieter im selben Maß den Schutz Ihrer Daten gewähren, wie es Ihnen in der Europäischen Union zusteht, oder dadurch, dass wir nur Anbieter nutzen, die gemäß dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert sind (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
). Beide Möglichkeiten garantieren ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau.
8. Datenverarbeitung – Drittanbieter und Partner
Um Ihnen alle Funktionen und Dienste der Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) auf die bequemste Art und Weise anbieten zu können, und um kontinuierlich unsere Dienste verbessern zu können, nutzen wir Drittanbieter und Partner. Wir greifen ebenfalls auf die Hilfe von Dritten zurück, um unsere Website zu verbessern. Als Letztesnutzen wir verschiedene Tools für unser Marketing.
Im Folgenden finden Sie die Beschreibung der Dienste von Dritten, die wir anbieten und zu welchen Zwecken wir dies tun:
8.1 Google
Wir nutzen eine Reihe verschiedener Google-Dienste (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A. – nachstehend “Google”) zu Analyse- und Marketingzwecken. Diese Tools sind auf unterschiedliche Art für die Erhebung und statistische Analyse Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste zuständig. Wir nutzen Ihre Daten ebenfalls, um Ihnen mithilfe von Google-Diensten personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen. Indem Sie unsere Website besuchen oder unsere Asana-Rebel-Dienste nutzen, stimmen Sie zu, dass wir Ihre Daten zu diesen Zwecken nutzen können.
Im Folgenden (in 8.1.1-8.1.6) erläutern wir Ihnen die unterschiedlichen Dienste und die Möglichkeiten, wie Sie bequem Ihre Einwilligung widerrufen können, und wir stellen Ihnen weitere wichtige Informationen zur Verfügung.
Zusätzliche Informationen darüber, wie Google von uns übermittelte Daten behandelt, finden Sie hier:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Zusätzliche Informationen darüber, wie Google Cookies nutzt, finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google hier: (
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
).
Von Google Tools generierte Informationen werden in der Regel auf einen Google-Server in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen und dort gespeichert. Google und seine Tochtergesellschaften sind gemäß dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
8.1.1 Google Analytics
Unsere Anwendung(en) und unsere Website nutzen
Google Analytics
, ein Webanalyse-Programm von Google. Google Analytics nutzt Cookies, die auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert sind und erlaubt eine Analyse Ihrer Nutzung. Wir aktivieren die IP-Adressen-Anonymisierung, damit IP-Adressen zuerst innerhalb der Europäischen Union von Google gekürzt werden. In unserem Auftrag nutzt Google solche Informationen, um Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste sowie die Nutzung unserer Dienste durch andere Nutzer zu analysieren, und stellt uns Berichte und andere Dienste zur Verfügung. Die IP-Adresse, die von Ihrem Endgerät an Google Analytics übermittelt wird, wird auf keinen Fall mit anderen Daten von Google zusammengeführt. Google überträgt Ihre Daten nur an Dritte soweit gesetzlich zulässig oder gemäß ausgelagerter Vereinbarungen zur Datenverarbeitung.
Sie können die Erhebung und Verarbeitung von Informationen, die vom Google-Cookie generiert wurden, verhindern, indem Sie einen Opt-out-Cookie ablegen oder indem Sie Google Analytics im Menü Ihres Endgerätes deaktivieren. Alternativ können Sie ebenfalls einen Browser-Plug-in installieren, den sie hier finden:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
8.1.2 DoubleClick by Google
DoubleClick
nutzt Cookies, um Ihnen Werbung anzuzeigen, die relevant für Sie ist. Dabei wird Ihnen eine pseudonyme Identifikationsnummer (ID) zugeteilt, die verfolgt, welche Anzeigen bereits in Ihrem Browser eingeblendet wurden und welche Anzeigen angeklickt wurden. Solche Cookies enthalten keine personenbezogenen Informationen. DoubleClick-Cookies erlauben es Google und seinen Partner-Websites, Ihnen Werbeanzeigen basierend auf vorherigen Besuchen unserer Website oder anderer Websites im Internet anzuzeigen. Durch solche Cookies generierte Informationen werden zur Analyse von Google an einen Server in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen, wo sie gespeichert werden. Google kombiniert in keinem Fall Ihre Daten mit anderen Daten von Google. Google überträgt Ihre Daten nur an Dritte soweit gesetzlich zulässig oder gemäß ausgelagerter Vereinbarungen zur Datenverarbeitung.
Falls Sie keine personalisierten Werbeanzeigen erhalten möchten, können Sie einen Opt-out-Cookie ablegen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Sie können ebenfalls den Browser-Ad-on zur DoubleClick-Deaktivierung installieren. Sie finden den Browser-Plug-in hier:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
8.1.3 Google AdWords
Wir nutzen
Google AdWords
, um unsere Angebote zu bewerben. Im Anschluss an eine Google-Suche werden unsere Werbeanzeigen in dem Bereich eingeblendet, der für diesen Zweck bestimmt ist. Unsere Website registriert mithilfe von Cookies, wie viele Nutzer unsere Dienste durch solche Anzeigen gefunden haben. Wir nutzen solche Daten, um unsere Werbeanzeigen zu verbessern. Ein Cookie wird von Google gespeichert, wenn eine Anzeige angeklickt wird. Sie können den Cookie blockieren, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen in Ihrem Browser auswählen. In diesem Fall wird Ihr Besuch unserer Website nicht in unsere anonymen Nutzerstatistiken mit einbezogen.
Falls Sie keine personalisierten Werbeanzeigen erhalten möchten, können Sie einen Opt-out-Cookie ablegen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Sie können ebenfalls Cookies blockieren, beispielsweise indem Sie einen angemessenen Browser-Plug-in installieren, welcher hier verfügbar ist:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
8.1.4 Google Dynamic Remarketing
Wir nutzen „
Google Dynamic Remarketing“
-Funktionen auf unserer Website. Diese Technologie erlaubt es uns, automatisch generierte, auf die Zielgruppe ausgerichtete Werbeanzeigen im Anschluss an Ihren Besuch unserer Website anzuzeigen. Die angezeigte Werbung basiert auf Produkten und Diensten, auf welche Sie geklickt haben oder welche Sie sich während Ihres letzten Besuchs der Website angeschaut haben. Google benutzt Cookies, um interessenbezogene Werbeanzeigen zu generieren. Falls Sie keine auf den Nutzer zugeschnittene Werbung von Google erhalten möchten, können Sie Werbung deaktivieren, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen bei Google auswählen.
Falls Sie keine personalisierten Werbeanzeigen erhalten möchten, können Sie einen Opt-out-Cookie ablegen:
https://www.google.de/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout
Sie können personalisierte Werbeanzeigen blockieren, indem Sie den entsprechenden Browser-Plug-in installieren, welchen Sie hier finden:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=de
Sie können ebenfalls personalisierte Werbeanzeigen von Google und anderen Werbenetzwerken blockieren, indem Sie sich auf der folgenden Seite mit dem Opt-out abmelden:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/
8.1.5 Firebase
Firebase
ist eine Tochtergesellschaft von Google mit einem registrierten Hauptsitz in San Francisco, CA, U.S.A. Wir nutzen
Firebase SDK
und
Google Analytics for Firebase
für unsere Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en). Dieses Tool erlaubt es uns, dieselben Google Analytics-Funktionen für eine Anwendung zu nutzen, die ebenfalls für Websites benutzt werden können. Firebase nutzt Technologien, die eine ähnliche Funktionsweise wie Cookies haben, allen voran Werbe-IDs. Auf diese Weise erheben wir Informationen darüber, wie Sie die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) nutzen. Wir nutzen solche Daten zu Zwecken einer statistischen Ausarbeitung, um unsere Angebote zu testen (z.B. A/B Tests), und um unsere Angebote zu verbessern. Indem Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, stimmen Sie unserer Erhebung solcher Daten zu. Zusätzlich nutzen wir
Firebase Remote Config,
um die Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) Änderungen zu unterziehen.
Falls Sie nicht möchten, dass solche Daten erhoben werden, können Sie diesem Vorgang zu jedem Zeitpunkt widersprechen. Dies können Sie beispielsweise auf bequeme Art und Weise tun, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen auf Ihrem mobilen Endgerät auswählen. Mehr Informationen darüber, wie Sie verhindern können, dass solche Daten auf Ihrem Android-Gerät erhoben werden, finden Sie unter anderem hier:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Auf Ihrem iOS-Gerät finden Sie die entsprechende Einstellung unter Einstellungen > Datenschutz > Werbung.
8.1.6 Crashlytics
Wir nutzen
Crashlytics
, um die Stabilität unserer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) zu analysieren. Crashlytics ist eine Tochtergesellschaft von Google. Crashlytics liefert in Echtzeit Analysen von Fehlern und Systemabstürzen, wobei die Instandhaltung der Anwendung unterstützt wird. Während dieses Vorgangs werden keine Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten übertragen, sondern nur Absturzberichte mit Informationen bezüglich Ihrer Registrier-Codes und Ihres Geräts, z.B. die Art des Gerätes und die Version des Betriebssystems.
Die erhobenen Diagnosedaten werden in den Vereinigten Staaten verarbeitet. Crashlytics ist ebenso wie Google und andere Tochtergesellschaften von Google gemäß dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
Diagnose-Informationen unterliegen der Datenschutzerklärung von Crashlytics, welche hier verfügbar ist:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
.
8.2 Soziale Plug-ins
Wir nutzen folgende soziale Plug-ins für unsere Website:
Facebook
(Betreiber: Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, U.S.A.)
Twitter
(Betreiber: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, U.S.A.)
Google+
(Betreiber: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S.A.)
Diese Plug-ins erheben routinemäßig Daten von Ihnen und übertragen solche Daten an Server des Anbieters.
Sobald sie aktiviert wurden, zeichnen solche Plug-ins ebenfalls Ihre IP-Adresse auf. Zusätzlich legen aktivierte soziale Plug-ins beim Zugriff auf die Website einen Cookie mit einer eindeutigen ID ab. Dies erlaubt es Anbietern ebenfalls, Profile von Nutzerverhalten zu erstellen. Ein solcher Cookie wird in jedem Fall abgelegt, unabhängig davon, ob Sie ein Mitglied dieses sozialen Netzwerks sind oder nicht. Falls Sie ein Mitglied eines sozialen Netzwerks sind und beim Besuch unserer Website oder bei der Nutzung unsere Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) dort angemeldet sind, können Daten und Informationen über Ihren Besuch auf unserer Website oder über Ihre Nutzung einer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung mit Ihrem Profil auf dem sozialen Netzwerk verknüpft werden. Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass wir keine Kontrolle über den genauen Umfang haben, in welchem Ihre Daten von Anbietern sozialer Netzwerke erhoben werden. Wenn Sie mehr Informationen über Umfang, Art, und Zweck der Datenverarbeitung sowie über Rechte und Einstellungen, um Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen, erhalten möchten, verweisen wir Sie auf die Datenschutzerklärung des Anbieters des entsprechenden sozialen Netzwerks. Diese finden Sie unter den folgenden Adressen:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy/
Google+:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/
8.2.1 Facebook Connect
Wir nutzen die “
Facebook Connect
”-Funktion, damit Sie sich bei uns mit Ihrem Facebook-Konto registrieren und anmelden können.
Falls Sie Facebook Connect nutzen, werden Facebook-Profildaten und öffentliche Daten Ihres Facebook-Profils an uns übertragen. Umgekehrt können ebenfalls Daten von uns an Ihr Facebook-Profil übertragen werden. Solche Daten werden von uns verwendet, um Sie auf unserer Website oder für Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) zu registrieren oder um es Ihnen zu ermöglichen, sich einzuloggen. Zu diesem Zweck speichern und verarbeiten wir ebenfalls diese Daten.
Indem Sie sich mithilfe von Facebook Connect auf unserer Website oder für eine Asana-Rebel-Anwendung registrieren, geben Sie Ihre Einwilligung, dass Ihre Profildaten von Ihrem Facebook-Profil an uns übertragen werden können und dass wir umgekehrt Daten an Facebook übertragen können.
Bitte nehmen Sie ebenfalls zur Kenntnis, dass Facebook über Facebook Connect ebenfalls Informationen darüber erhält, wie Sie unsere Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) und unsere Website nutzen.
Mehr Informationen über Zweck und Umfang der Datenverarbeitung, die weitere Verarbeitung und Nutzung der Daten durch Facebook, und Ihre Rechte und Einstellungsoptionen zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung von Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
8.3 Pinterest
Auf unserer Website nutzen wir den „Pin it“-Button-Plug-in von Pinterest (Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, U.S.A.). Bei Ihrem Besuch auf unserer Website stellt dieses Plug-in eine direkte Verbindung zwischen Ihrem Browser und dem Pinterest-Server her. Auf diese Weise wird Pinterest mitgeteilt, dass Sie unsere Website mit Ihrer IP-Adresse besucht haben. Falls Sie während Ihres Besuchs bei Pinterest eingeloggt sind, können Sie Inhalte auf Pinterest teilen, indem Sie auf den „Pin it“-Button klicken. Auf diesem Weg kann Pinterest ebenfalls Ihren Besuch auf unserer Website mit Ihrem Pinterest-Benutzerkonto in Beziehung setzen. Wir bitten Sie erneut darum, Kenntnis davon zu nehmen, dass wir als Anbieter der Website weder den Inhalt der übertragenen Daten noch die Art und Weise, wie diese Daten von Pinterest benutzt werden, kennen. Wir haben ebenfalls keinerlei Kontrolle über diesen Vorgang. Die Datenschutzerklärung von Pinterest finden Sie hier:
https://de.about.pinterest.com/privacy/
.
Sie können die Einstellungen bezüglich der Speicherung Ihrer Daten hier ändern:
https://help.pinterest.com/entries/25010303-How-does-Pinterest-use-data-about-other-websites-I-visit
. Dies können Sie unabhängig davon tun, ob Sie ein Pinterest-Nutzer sind oder nicht.
8.4 Adjust
Asana-Rebel-Anwendungen und unsere Website nutzen die Dienstleistung
Adjust
der adjust GmbH (Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin). Die
Adjust
Dienstleistung wurde gemäß dem ePrivacyseal (European Seal for Your Privacy) (see
https://www.eprivacy.eu/vergebene-siegel/
) geprüft und zertifiziert.
Diese Dienstleistung erlaubt es uns, unsere Marketingleistung zu überwachen, unsere Werbekampagnen anzupassen, und allgemein besser zu verstehen, wie Sie unsere Anwendung nutzen. Um dieses Ziel zu erreichen, können wir unter anderemin Echtzeit beobachten, wie Sie mit unserer Anwendung interagieren. Zu diesem Zweck erhebt Adjust beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse in anonymer Form (als Hashwert), und verfolgt, wann Sie das erste Mal Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) installieren und öffnen, wie Sie mit der Anwendung interagieren, oder auf welche Anzeigen Sie klicken.
Nach ihrer Erhebung werden solche Daten nicht mit anderen Daten zum Zwecke der Personenidentifikation zusammengeführt.
Sie können zu jedem Zeitpunkt entscheiden, dass solche Daten zukünftig nicht mehr erhoben werden sollen. Wenn dies der Fall ist, wählen Sie bitte einfach die Opt-out-Option von Adjust unter
https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/
.
8.5 Amplitude
Amplitude ist ein Analysedienst von Amplitude Inc (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). Dieses Tool erhebt technische Informationen, wie beispielsweise den Gerätetypen (z.B. iPhone 6), das verwendete Betriebssystem (z.B. iOS 10.3), oder den Namen Ihres Anbieters (z.B. Vodafone). Zusätzlich verfolgt Amplitude Ereignisse, die in unserer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) auftreten. Zu solchen Ereignissen gehören, unter anderem, abgeschlossene Workouts. Anders ausgedrückt hilft Amplitude uns zu verstehen, wie Sie unsere Dienste nutzen.
Daten, die in den Vereinigten Staaten von Amplitude Inc, erhoben werden, werden an Server von Amplitude Inc. in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen, wo sie gespeichert werden. Amplitude ist gemäß dem EU-US Privacy Shield verifiziert.
Zusätzliche Informationen über die Art und Weise, wie Amplitude Daten verarbeitet, finden Sie unter:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
8.6 Facebook Custom Audiences
Wir nutzen die Remarketing-Funktion „
Custom Audiences
” von Facebook Inc. (1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, U.S.A.).Diese Funktion erlaubt es uns, Besuchern unserer Website und Nutzern unserer Asana-Rebel-Anwendung(en) interessenbezogene Werbung anzuzeigen, wenn sie Facebook besuchen („Facebook-Werbung“), und solche Facebook-Werbung zu Zwecken der statistischen Ausarbeitung und der Marktforschung zu analysieren, welches uns dabei hilft, zukünftige Werbung zu optimieren. Zu diesem Zweck nutzen wir sogenannte Facebook-Pixel (Website) und Facebook-SDK (Asana-Rebel-Anwendung).
Die erhobenen Daten sind anonym für uns und lassen keinerlei Hinweise zu Ihrer Identität zu. Abgesehen von uns kann Facebook allerdings auch solche Daten speichern und verarbeiten. Facebook kann solche Daten mit Ihrem Benutzerprofil in Verbindung bringen und Facebook kann solche Daten ebenfalls zu seinen eigenen Werbezwecken nutzen, gemäß der Facebook Datenschutzerklärung (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
).
Solche Daten könnten es Facebook und seinen Partnern erlauben, Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von Facebook einzublenden.
In der Regel speichert Facebook solche Daten ebenfalls auf Servern in den Vereinigten Staaten. Facebook ist gemäß dem EU-US Privacy Shield zertifiziert.
Normalerweise können Sie das Ablegen von Cookies auf Ihrem Computer blockieren, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen in Ihrem Browser auswählen, damit Cookies in Zukunft nicht mehr auf Ihrem Computer abgelegt werden und/oder damit Cookies, die bereits abgelegt wurden, gelöscht werden. Falls Sie dies tun, ist eine korrekte Nutzung einiger Funktionen auf unserer Website eventuell nicht mehr möglich.
Mithilfe eines angemessenen Opt-out-Cookies von Digital Advertising Alliance haben Sie ebenfalls die Möglichkeit, Werbung von Drittanbietern wie etwa Facebook komplett zu deaktivieren:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Alternativ können Sie die Remarketing-Funktion „Custom Audiences” in Ihren Facebook-Einstellungen deaktivieren:
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#
=
Um dies zu tun, müssen Sie bei Facebook registriert sein.
8.7 Greenhouse
Wir nutzen Greenhouse Software, Inc. (18 West 18th St, 9th Floor
New York, NY 10011, U.S.A.), ein Applicant-Tracking-System und eine Rekrutierungs-Software.
Wenn Sie ein Bewerber sind, der Interesse an einer Stelle bei Asana Rebel hat, und wenn Sie entweder über die Job-Seite unserer Website an die Greenhouse-Seite weitergeleitet werden oder sich über einen Personalvermittler oder einen anderen Weg als unsere Website bei uns bewerben, könnten Ihre Daten mit Greenhouse Software Inc. geteilt werden.
Wenn Sie sich über ein Online-Anmeldeformular bewerben oder indem Sie uns Ihren Lebenslauf zuschicken, werden die in Ihrer Bewerbung enthaltenen personenbezogenen Daten erhoben und verarbeitet, um unsere Aktivitäten, die das Rekrutierungsverfahren betreffen, zu verwalten. Hierzu gehören die Vereinbarung und Führung von Vorstellungsgesprächen sowie die Auswertung und Beurteilung der Ergebnisse. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen dieses Bewerbungsverfahrens ist gemäß Art. 6(1) (b) der Veordnung (EU) 2016/679 (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung) zulässig.
Greenhouse Software Inc. ist unser Software-Anbieter für das Bewerbungsverfahren und im Rahmen von System-Wartung und -Support könnte dieser Anbieter ebenfalls Einblick in Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten. Zum Zwecke der Verwaltung von Bewerbungen werden Ihre Daten auf Servern von Greenhouse, die sich in den USA befinden, gespeichert und verarbeitet.
Im Fall einer Absage werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nach 12 Monaten gelöscht. Gemäß der DSGVO haben Sie das Recht, einen Antrag  auf den Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, auf die Korrektur oder Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, und auf die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu stellen.
Informationen zu der Art und Weise, wie Greenhouse Daten verarbeitet, finden Sie unter:
https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy
.
9. Datensicherheit
Datenübertragungen unterliegen in der Regel Sicherheitslücken. Es ist technisch unmöglich, Ihre Daten zu 100 % vor dem Zugriff von Dritten zu schützen. Wir bemühen uns allerdings, das Risiko so gering wie möglich zu halten. Aus diesem Grund nutzen wir hochmoderne Maßnahmen, um Datensicherheit zu garantieren und Ihre Daten vor dem Zugriff von Dritten zu schützen. Zusätzlich nutzen wir eine starke SSL- oder TLS-Verschlüsselung für alle Datenübertragungen. Bitte achten Sie allerdings darauf, Ihre Anmeldedaten keinem Dritten zur Verfügung zu stellen.
10. Websites Dritter
Gelegentlich platzieren wir Links zu Websites von Dritten. Obwohl wir solche Drittanbieter sorgfältig kontrollieren, können wir die Richtigkeit oder Vollständigkeit der Inhalte, oder den Datenschutz von Websites von Drittanbietern weder garantieren, noch haften wir dafür. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt ebenfalls nicht für verlinkte Websites von Dritten. Wir übernehmen keine Verantwortung für die Datenschutzerklärungen oder die Inhalte von anderen Websites.
11. Änderungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Es ist möglich, dass wir an dieser Datenschutzerklärung Änderungen vornehmen müssen, beispielsweise wenn wir in der Anwendung neue Funktionen oder Dienste hinzufügen. Wir werden Sie allerdings über etwaige Änderungen benachrichtigen und wir bitten Sie darum, solche Änderungen zu lesen und Ihnen zuzustimmen, bevor sie von uns implementiert werden.
12. Ihre Rechte: Informationen/Widerruf/Löschung und Verantwortlicher
Es steht Ihnen frei, von uns zu jedem Zeitpunkt und kostenfrei Informationen zu den von uns verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten, die Korrektur von Fehlern in Ihren personenbezogenen Daten, die Kündigung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, oder die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen – vorbehaltlich gegenteiliger zwingender gesetzlicher Bestimmungen oder Verpflichtungen. Insbesondere wenn Sie gemäß den Richtlinien der DSGVO als „betroffene Person“ gelten, haben Sie das Recht:
Informationen zu von uns über Sie verarbeitete personenbezogene Daten zu verlangen, gemäß Art. 15 DSGVO;
gemäß Art. 16 DSGVO unverzüglich die Korrektur von fehlerhaften Daten oder die Vervollständigung von unvollständigen personenbezogenen Daten, die bei uns gespeichert werden, zu verlangen;
gemäß Art. 17 DSGVO, die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die bei uns gespeichert werden, zu verlangen, es sei denn die Verarbeitung der Daten ist notwendig für die Ausübung des Rechts auf Meinungs- und Informationsfreiheit, für die Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung, oder aus Gründen des öffentlichen Interesses oder für die Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung rechtlicher Ansprüche;
gemäß Art. 18 DSGVO die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen, soweit die Richtigkeit der Daten von Ihnen bestritten wird oder die Verarbeitung rechtswidrig ist;
gemäß Art. 20 DSGVO, Ihre an uns übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten in einem strukturierten, standardmäßigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten oder die Übertragung an einen anderen Verantwortlichen zu verlangen;
gemäß Art. 7 (3) DSGVO, zu jedem Zeitpunkt Ihre zuvor an uns erteilte Einwilligung zu widerrufen. Infolgedessen werden wir zukünftig die Datenverarbeitung, die auf der zuvor erteilten Einwilligung basierte, nicht mehr durchführen können.
gemäß Art. 77 DSGVO haben Sie als Nutzer das Recht darauf, Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen. In der Regel können Sie zu diesem Zweck die Aufsichtsbehörde von Ihrem gewöhnlichen Wohnort oder Arbeitsplatz, oder den Hauptsitz unseres Unternehmens, kontaktieren.
falls Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufgrund von berechtigten Interessen gemäß Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO verarbeitet werden, haben Sie ebenfalls das Recht, Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten einzulegen gemäß Art. 21 DSGVO, vorausgesetzt dies passiert aufgrund Ihrer besonderen Situation oder aufgrund der Tatsache, dass der Widerspruch sich gegen direktes Marketing richtet. In letzterem Falle gilt für Sie das allgemeine Widerspruchsrecht, welches von uns umgesetzt wird, ohne dass Sie eine besondere Situation angeben müssen
13. Kontaktdaten des Verantwortlichen und des Datenschutzbeauftragten
Um Ihre Rechte gemäß der DSGVO auszuüben, können Sie uns jederzeit eine E-Mail oder einen Brief schicken an:
Asana Rebel GmbH
Dessauer Str. 28-29
10963 Berlin 
E-Mail:
Kunden-Support
Geschäftsführer: Pascal Klein, Robin Pratap
Eingetragen im Handelsregister am Amtsgericht von Berlin Charlottenburg unter der Nummer HRB 166253
Umsatzsteuer-ID: DE300029725
Externer Datenschutzbeauftragter
ePrivacy GmbH
vertreten durch Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Große Bleichen 21, 20354 Hamburg
Für alle Anfragen bezüglich der Sicherheit Ihrer Daten erreichen Sie unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten unter der E-Mail-Adresse privacy@asanarebel.com.
Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass es bei jeder Kommunikation per E-Mail zu Sicherheitslücken kommen kann. Deswegen bitten wir Sie, unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten im Falle von besonders sensiblen Daten auf dem Postweg zu kontaktieren.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 3
https://twitter.com/privacy/:
Forbidden
You don't have permission to access this resource.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.google.com/intl/de/privacy/:

Sub-policy 6
https://www.eprivacy.eu/vergebene-siegel/:
404
Page Not Found
The page did not exist or was inaccessible. Reason: The requested page does not exist
Sub-policy 7
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 8
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 9
https://www.greenhouse.io/privacy-policy:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
The all-together hiring platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Partnerships
Webinar
Webinar
The great hiring debate
Join this webinar to hear from key hiring leaders on how to achieve business success through strategic, efficient and effective hiring practices.
Register now
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Legal
secondary menu
All documents
Privacy policy
Cookie notice
CCPA/CPRA for candidates
Master subscription agreement
Data processing addendum
Service level agreement
Subprocessors in use
Professional services addendum
Sourcing automation addendum
Scroll Subnavigation
Legal – Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Date last updated
: March 3, 2025
Introduction
Greenhouse Software, Inc. ("
Greenhouse
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it in accordance with applicable laws and using generally-accepted industry practices. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information that is available to Greenhouse and that is protected explicitly by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 (the “
EU GDPR
”); the EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "
UK GDPR
"); and the California Consumer Protection Act “
CCPA
”), to the extent applicable.
If you have any questions or concerns about Greenhouse’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If however, your questions or concerns are related to a Greenhouse customer’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact that customer directly.
Scope of this policy
Greenhouse is a leading provider of cloud-based software services that help companies manage and optimize their recruiting and hiring processes.
Greenhouse processes personal data in the following contexts:
1. As a processor on behalf of its customers for recruiting and onboarding purposes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information in this context. Our customers are the controllers of the Personal Information they collect through Greenhouse’s Services to manage their own recruiting and onboarding processes (
e.g.
, names, contact information, and other data collected as part of job applications), and each customer manages that Personal Information in accordance with its own privacy policies. Greenhouse’s privacy commitments to our customers are governed by a separate customer agreement that authorizes us to collect, process, and store Personal Information on their behalf, as a processor under the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, and a service provider under the CCPA. Greenhouse processes Personal Information relating to our customers’ employees and job applicants within our Services only according to our customers’ instructions (as defined in our customer agreements), and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information we process in connection with our customers’ use of our Services. For example, if you apply to a job posted on a career page of a Greenhouse customer, your Personal Information will be automatically processed by Greenhouse on behalf of that customer. However, the company you applied to is the data controller (or business, as that term is defined in the CCPA) with respect to your Personal Information, and you should contact that entity directly with any questions you may have regarding its privacy policies or data processing practices, or if you wish to modify or access your Personal Information, restrict its processing, or delete it from our Services. Greenhouse’s customer contracts require us to redirect any inquiries relating to the Personal Information we process on behalf of a customer back to that customer without taking any action on the request.
2. As a controller in a commercial context (
e.g.
, managing business relationships with customers and vendors).
3. As a controller in an employment context (
e.g.
, processing job applications for Greenhouse’s own hiring).
4. As a controller for the
My Greenhouse
service, where Personal Information is collected directly from job seekers who use the platform to apply for jobs or manage their job search. For more information on how Greenhouse processes your Personal Information in this context,
please see this section.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information in contexts 2, 3, and 4.
Our websites, products and services are generally designed for businesses and their representatives. Outside of the My Greenhouse service, we do not offer products or services for use by individuals for their personal, family or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all Personal Information we collect, other than the Personal Information provided by users of the My Greenhouse service, as pertaining to individuals in their capacities as business representatives and not as individual consumers.
Greenhouse is the controller of Personal Information that we collect directly from visitors to our marketing website,
www.greenhouse.io
(the “Website”); from our own job applicants; and from our customers and vendors to help us manage our business relationships with them. This Privacy Policy describes the type of Personal Information that Greenhouse collects; Greenhouse’s policies around the use, disclosure, and retention of that Personal Information; and the choices available to you regarding your rights in relation to your Personal Information generally.
Personal information we collect
Greenhouse may collect the following information, including Personal Information from and about you:
From your interaction with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support
We collect Personal Information such as your name, company name, email address, phone number, and billing information when you request a demo of our Services, or request sales information or customer service.
Third-party sources
We may combine Personal Information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
Data providers
, such as information services and data licensors that provide other information, such as your business contact information.
Cookies, Scripts and Related Technologies
When you visit our website,
www.greenhouse.io
, we and our third-party service providers receive Personal Information that you may have provided, such as your IP address. The technologies we use to track your movements around our website include cookies, tracking scripts and pixels, and tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand your preferences, improve your experience on our website, etc. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable, or delete them, please visit
aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
Collection of Data by Advertisers
We may also use third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Certain third-party partners may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our website (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using cookies, pixel tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our website and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or pixel tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
aboutads.info/choices
or
networkadvertising.org
.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
We may use the information that we collect about you and from you, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To provide, operate, improve, and customize our Website
We seek to improve your experience with our Website. As a result, we will analyze data we collect about your use of the Website.
To communicate with you
If you request more information about our products, we will contact you using the information you provide us. We may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, with your prior opt-in consent where required by applicable law.
To aggregate data
We may anonymize and/or aggregate data collected through our Website and to create statistics that may be used for any purpose, provided that such statistics do not identify any customers or individuals or contain any Personal Information.
To process your job application
If you apply to work at Greenhouse, Greenhouse will use the Personal Information provided in the context of your application for the purposes of processing and evaluating the application.
For marketing and advertising
We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.
Interest-based advertising. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the Your choices section of our
Cookie Notice
.
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
With our partners and third-party service providers. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information only as necessary to perform services on behalf of Greenhouse (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website). We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
To third-party advertising companies for the marketing and advertising purposes described above;
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person or (iv) for any of the compliance and protection purposes outlined above;
To professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us;
To an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Your choices
Opt-out of marketing communications
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies
For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Mobile location data
You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Declining to provide information
We need to collect Personal Information to provide certain marketing materials or other information that you may want. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those materials or information.
How Greenhouse secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take steps including implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
International data transfers
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our primary offices are located in the United States, and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information, it may be processed in any of these countries.
Notice to European, Swiss and UK users
The information provided in this “Notice to European, Swiss, and UK Users” section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Data Protection Rights
As an EEA, Swiss, or UK data subject, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
If you wish to opt out of (i) the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, or (ii) the use of your Personal Information for a purpose materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, you can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io. In any event, unless Greenhouse has affirmative express consent from you, Greenhouse will not (i) disclose sensitive information (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual), or (ii) use sensitive personal information for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through the exercise of opt-in-choice. Greenhouse will treat as sensitive any Personal Information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive.
You can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How long Greenhouse retains your personal information
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@greenhouse.io. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Third-party certifications: Data Privacy Framework
Greenhouse complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Greenhouse at:
privacy@greenhouse.io
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse further commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Complaints may be submitted to the EU DPAs, the UK ICO, and/or the FDPIC, as appropriate, at no cost to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods above, a binding arbitration option may be available under limited circumstances. Additional information can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Additionally, Greenhouse is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the FTC has jurisdiction over Greenhouse’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
With regard to onward transfers of personal data to third parties, Greenhouse is responsible for ensuring that the third parties comply with applicable data protection principles, including ensuring that the third parties do not process such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
My Greenhouse
This “My Greenhouse” section is applicable only to users of the
My Greenhouse
service.
Personal Information We Collect
In addition to the categories of Personal Information already listed, Greenhouse collects the following categories information directly from users of the My Greenhouse service:
Resumes, cover letters, and other job application materials.
Contact details, such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Job preferences and search criteria.
How Greenhouse Uses Your Personal Information
For users of the My Greenhouse service, we use your Personal Information to:
Facilitate job applications and connect you with potential employers.
Provide personalized job recommendations and search functionality.
Share your information with employers seeking candidates with your skills and background, as referenced in the My Greenhouse User Agreement.
Your Choices
Users of the My Greenhouse service who object to Greenhouse sharing or selling your Personal Information with potential employers should close their account.
Users of the My Greenhouse service in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK may, alternately, opt out of sharing their Personal Information with potential employers by contacting us at
job-seeker-optout@greenhouse.io
and listing their name, email address, and country.
Interseller
This “Interseller” section is applicable only to Interseller, and excludes all other Greenhouse products and services, including, but not limited to, Greenhouse Recruiting, Greenhouse Onboarding and Greenhouse Sourcing Automation. For information on the privacy practices related to Interseller, please refer to the
Interseller privacy page
and the
Interseller privacy ccpa page
.
2023 Data Broker Requests
Number of requests
Requests granted
Requests denied
Median number of days for substantive response
Mean number of days for substantive response
Requests to delete personal information
26
26
0
1
1.5
Requests to know or access what personal information the data broker was collecting
4
4
0
1
1
Requests to know what personal information the data broker was selling or sharing and to whom
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information
19
19
0
1
1.63
Requests to limit the data broker’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
*Please note that Interseller is no longer a data broker
Updates to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at
privacy@greenhouse.io
, or at the mailing address below.
Greenhouse Software, Inc.
228 Park Avenue S. PMB 14744
Attn: Privacy
New York, New York
10003-1502 USA
Archived versions
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 2/14/2025
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 6/27/2024
Greenhouse Privacy Policy- 5/25/2018
be_ixf;ym_202503 d_20; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy
By clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy policy
Cookie preferences
Reject all
Allow all
Set your cookie preference
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label