Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by Read Scripture with respect to your access and use of Read Scripture's services, whether through our website (located at www.readscripture.org), Read Scripture's mobile application or in connection with social networking services (referred to below as “ Read Scripture ”).
What Information Do We Collect?
We may also automatically collect certain information when you use Read Scripture, such as your location/GPS coordinates (if you enable this feature), Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring site and your activity on Read Scripture. This information is not treated as personal information.
We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies”. These are small files that your browser places on your computer. We may use both “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) and “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them) to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our services, and to improve our services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use the information collected through Read Scripture for the purposes described below:
to provide our services or information you request, develop new products, and to process and complete any transactions;
to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service;
to monitor and analyze usage and trends, and to personalize and improve Read Scripture and your experiences when you use Read Scripture and to increase the functionality and user friendliness of our services;
to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, our services;
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
The information we collect may be “personally identifiable” (meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or “non-personally identifiable” (meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify you). We may use or store information wherever we do business.
What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?
We will not share the personal information we have collected from you, except as described below:
with your friends on Read Scripture with whom you want to share your activities on Read Scripture;
with service providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of our site or our services (these service providers have access to your personal information only to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purposes and are subject to compliance with this Privacy Policy);
we may share aggregated information and non-identifiable information with third parties or partners for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes;
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law, regulation or legal processes or in response to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders;
to enforce or apply our privacy policy, our terms of use or our other policies or agreements; and in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets.
We are not responsible for the actions of service providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties.
Links to Other Sites
Read Scripture may contain links to other third-party sites. Any information that you provide on a third party site is provided directly to the owner of that site and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our privacy policy does not apply to such sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of those third party sites.
What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online?
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.
Accessing and Modifying Your Information
If you want to deactivate or delete your information and your account, please contact us with a request that we delete your account and information. We will take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records and as otherwise required by law.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our service is not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changes
Any information that is collected is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, modify and revise our privacy policy from time-to-time. If we make any material changes to this policy, we will notify you of such changes by posting them on Read Scripture or by sending you an email or other notification, and we will indicate when such changes will become effective. By continuing to access or use Read Scripture after those changes become effective, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised policy.
Questions?
Please contact us at readscriptureapp@gmail.com if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
Last updated on the effective date of February 22, 2017.