Last modified: March 9, 2022
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement (“Statement”) explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Brave New Logic LLC., (“we”, “us”, “our” or “Brave New Logic”), and our subsidiaries when you use the Motivate mobile applications (the “App”), the Motivate website (the “Site”) and all information, content, services and products available at or through them (collectively “Motivate” or the “Service”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
1. ACCEPTING THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your use of Motivate is subject to this Statement in effect at the time of your use. By accepting our
Terms of Service
, you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Statement.
2. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
(2.1) We reserve the right to change this Statement from time to time. For example, a change might be necessary, if we want to enhance the user experience with a new feature that is based on the additional collection or processing of data.
(2.2) If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Statement and, in some cases, provide you with additional notice (such as showing a notice on the Site or when you open an updated version of the App for the first time). We encourage you to review this Statement periodically to stay informed about our practices.
(2.3) Whenever we make changes to this Statement, they are effective when the revised Statement is posted. Your continued use of the Service after any changes of this Statement constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the new policy, please refrain from using the Service and delete the App from your device.
3. COLLECTION, STORAGE AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION USER DATA
(3.1) Our primary goals in collecting user data and personal information are to provide and improve Motivate, its services, features and content and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Service.
(3.2) We aim to solely store necessary information and only for the shortest appropriate period of time. In addition, we take all the usual technical measures to prevent unauthorized access to your data on our servers.
4. PERSONAL INFORMATION
(4.1) We do NOT collect any personal identifiable information that you do not directly provide to us. Such information might include your name, address, phone number, email address or contacts. We do not collect any account information from any other app or social network.
(4.2) We DO however collect, store and process personal information provided by you directly if you choose to signup for a Motivate Account (“Account”). If you sign up for an Account, we may ask you for certain Personal Information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address or phone number. We may also collect your email address and name if you mail or otherwise contact us for inquiries, feedback or other purposes. We may use such data to contact you for customer feedback or for sending you information about our Service.
5. LOG DATA
When you access the Service, our servers automatically record information that your browser or mobile phone sends whenever you visit a website or application (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, phone model, default language settings, or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages or portions of Motivate that you visit or click on, the time spent on those pages, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and for technical administration, to increase Motivate’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our users’ needs. We do not treat Log Data as personal information or use it in association with other personal information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information to improve our Service.
6. THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS AND COOKIES
(6.1) We may directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, e.g. from Google Analytics or Google Firebase Analytics, to help us measure traffic, social media reach and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect and store on their servers information sent by your browser or mobile application that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
(6.2) Like many websites and internet services, we or the third party analytics tools we employ may use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies for the purpose of analyzing user behavior on our Site and to optimize and personalize our Service.
(6.4) You can use the settings within your browser to control the cookies that are set on your computer. However, please be aware that cookies are important to many aspects of the Site – if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to enjoy all of the features of the Service. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to reject and delete cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
7. THIRD PARTY PAYMENT PROCESSING
When you make a purchase such as buying a subscription through Motivate, we Process your payments through a third-party application such as through the App Stores. The third-party application may collect certain financial information from you to Process a payment on behalf of Brave New Logic, which may include your name, email address, address and other billing information.
8. PUSH SERVICES
If you consent, Brave New Logic may send you push notifications or alerts to your device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings in the Motivate Menu or in the Settings of your device.
9. SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform business-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, hosting, database management, web analytics, moderation services, and improvement of Motivate features) or to assist us in analyzing how Motivate is used. These third parties may have access to the above listed information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
10. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
(10.1) Your personal data will be collected and used solely within the statutory provisions of the applicable data protection laws.
(10.2) Brave New Logic cooperates with government and law enforcement officials. We may preserve or disclose any of the information mentioned above if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Brave New Logic's rights or property.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your personal information and Content may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Statement followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
12. BUSINESS TRANSFERS
Brave New Logic may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your user data and personal information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
13. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
The Service may contain links to third party websites or services. If you choose to visit other websites or services by clicking on a link, you may be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal Information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
14. LIMITATION OF SCOPE
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of companies that Brave New Logic does not own or control or to people that Brave New Logic does not employ or manage.
15. CONTACT
If you have any further questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us directly at:
support@motivate.app