Home Page
Privacy Policy
About Halkbank
Retail
SME
Commercial
Corporate
Investor Relations
International Banking
Privacy Policy
Halkbank’s priority missions are satisfaction of customers and respond to the expectations of customers, shareholders, partners and employees with high quality of services. According to our mission all the content, suggestions and comments, which are published  in official web site www.halkbank.com.tr, are prepared from the information, which is taken from reliable sources and third parties.
All the content, suggestions, ideas and comments published in www.halkbank.com.tr are for information purposes only, in no way be taken as an offer to sell or buy.
All the content, suggestions, ideas and comments published in www.halkbank.com.tr is on the accuracy of the information, before acting on the basis of confirmation is recommended.
Only information having to do with product/service transactions or to update existing information may be submitted through the www.halkbank.com.tr official website.
Necessary precautions have been taken to maintain the highest possible level of bank system and internet infrastructure security as these apply to the confidentiality of our customers’ personal information.
If you provide personal information, (address, e-mail, telephone, fax, demographic information, or customer number, etc.), this information only will be used to send messages about campaigns, announcements and informations. Your personal information, without your consent or permission or legal obligations will not be shared with 3 parties and institutions
If you don't want to receive the announcements, which are sent by T.Halkbank, please click the link, "By Halkbank, you do not want to get special reminder and the e-announcements about campaings, please click here”, which is placed below the announcements.
Personel data which belongs to the users of Halkbank Mobile Banking Application are collected by our Bank based on the legal grounds of our Bank’s legitimate interests. The personel data such as location, personel photo or image, etc are collected due to legal reasons or business requirements and are processed within the scope of personal data processing conditions and purposes set by our Bank's "Personel Data Storage and Disposal Policy".
Web site visitors, enter to www.halkbank.com.tr or use any information contained in the website, means that the above-mentioned conditions are accepted, T. Halkbank, Inc. both the terms and conditions of this disclaimer, as well as the web site contained any content, opinions and information have the right to change or update without prior notice.
Protection of Personal Data
Memorandum on Protection and Processing of Personal Data
Data Subject Application Form
Personal Data Retention and Disposal Policy
Policy on The Protection and Processing of Personal Data
Policy on The Protection and Processing of Sensitive Personal Data
Cookies Policy
Please do not hesitate to
contact us
if you need any additional information regarding the matters discussed here.