Privacy statement app
Vecos Europe B.V. (Vecos) processes your personal data as a processor appointed by the customer who authorized you to use Vecos’ locker system (your organization).
Depending on the choices of your organization we process your verified email address and/or unique authorization number and device operating system version to be able to provide a secured account to the Releezme software.
The Releezme App
The Releezme software collects some log analytics data from your locker usage via the app for the use, support and management of the locker system.
We don’t share your personal data with third parties, unless there is legitimate purpose. We may share your personal data with your organization, processors of Vecos and with other parties when legally required.
If your organization is located in the EU, Vecos shall not transfer personal data to any country outside the EEA or make any personal data accessible from any such country without the prior written consent of your organization.
We keep personal data not longer than required by law and not longer than necessary to provide our locker system services to your organization.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data by Vecos please reach out to your organization (for example your employer or school organization). You may also send a message to i
nformationsecurity@vecos.com
and state ‘Privacy’ in the subject line. Vecos will then forward your request to your organization with the request to process it. You have the right to send any complaints, requests or enquiries such as requests to access, correct, delete, block or restrict access to your personal data or receive a machine-readable copy thereof. Please send this request to your organization.
We would like to point out to you that if a request is not processed to your satisfaction, you can file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Vecos processes personal data as provided for the purpose by your organization and not for any other purpose. Vecos does not process personal data by means of automated decision-making or profiling.
You, as an app user, can use the app as part of the service that Vecos offers towards your organization. The app user shall only use the app and our locker system in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to our services. Those terms and conditions prevail above the before mentioned statements.
We may update this statement from time to time.
May 2019