ekar Car Rental
Download
Home
Instant Booking
Scheduled Delivery
How it works
Download App
Privacy Policy
ekar car rental LLC including parent, affiliate and subsidiary entities(collectively,
"we"
,
"our"
or
"ekar"
) is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website
https://ekar.app/ae/en
(the
"Website"
) and our ekar mobile application
Ios App store
,
Google play store
(the “
App
”) and all visitors who access our Services through the Website or the App. Please read the following Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
”) which sets forth how we use and protect your information.
By visiting and/or ordering Services on this Website, or by downloading and using our App or ordering Services via the App, you agree and, where required, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information as set out in this Policy. Further, by downloading the App and/or accessing or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Policy in full and understand that information collected by ekar in accordance with this Policy may be used in accordance with Applicable Laws, this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
This Policy applies only to the Website and the App and does not extend to the websites or applications of any other companies or organizations (including but not limited to our vendors and partners) to which we link, and specifically addresses our obligations in respect of the Applicable Laws.
Data Controllers
When you download the App or use the Website, to rent and use the vehicles available/listed on our App or the Website, ekar will be the Data Controller for the Personal Data provided by you during the registration process and any other Personal Data you provide directly for your personal account to use the Website or the App.
ekar will share some of your Personal Data with its partners, as further detailed below, and for the purposes set forth in section 3 here below. In such specific cases, partners would be independent controllers of your Personal Data.
1. Definitions
For the purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
ADGM
means Abu Dhabi Global Market.
Affiliate
: means (i) any entity where ekar directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, holds at least 50% of the equity or 50% of the voting rights; and (ii) any subsidiary or affiliate of such entity in (i).
Applicable Law
: means the Federal Decree Law No. 45 of 2021 of UAE, ADGM Data Protection Regulations, The Personal Data Protection Law as amended by Royal Decree No. M/148 of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or any other law that applies to processing of your Personal Data, whether by virtue of ekar offering Services to you, monitoring your behaviour online (such as by using Cookies), your using of our Services, using our Website and App, or the provision of your services to us, in your capacity as a Supplier.
End User or Customer
: refers to (i) any person who accesses our Website and App and (ii) avails our Services through the Website or App.
KSA:
means the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
Personal Data
: means any data or information that relates to an individual which could, of itself or in combination with other data or information, identify who an individual is. For the purposes of this Policy, terms “data” and “information” may be used interchangeably.
Process or Processing
: means the collection, storage, use or transfer of Personal Data.
Services:
means on demand, flexi solution car rental services or such other services as may be provided by ekar from time to time.
Terms of Use
: means the Member Terms of Use or such other terms and conditions for End Users or Customers as listed on the Website and the App, as may be amended from time to time by ekar.
Transaction Data
: means any information that is collected related to your transaction with ekar which can include but is not limited to your name, contact information, payment information and details of the transaction itself.
UAE:
means United Arab Emirates.
2. Collection of Information
Depending on the Services you are accessing or using, we collect and use:
Information that you provide directly to us; or
Information about the use of your account and our Services; or
Information obtained from other sources and third parties, which may include information about you.
A. Information that you provide directly to us
As an End User, you are solely responsible for the accuracy of the information you provide on the Website or App, and we will only modify or update your Personal Data upon your request or when you modify your account details on the Website and/or the App.
We collect Personal Data that you provide directly to us through your access or use of the Services, such as when you:
create or modify your account on the Website and/or App for use of our Services;
access the Services;
request the Services for yourself;
contact ekar's customer support;
complete user surveys or provide feedback; or
otherwise communicate with us.
The Personal Data collected in these processes may include your:
Name;
email address, from which we can also deduce your place of employment when sharing an enterprise/corporate email address;
phone number;
addresses that you provide to the App or Website to store in your profile for future reference;
payment information, including your preferred payment method- Credit card details (only the last 4 digits are retained and stored for token purposes);
residential address;
images/video, including photos or videos submitted to verify your identity such as through facial verification technologies;
Biometric records, where applicable;
identification card copy (driving license, passport, Emirates ID, national ID/Iqama, as applicable) and the information included on it, including but not limited to your gender, date of birth, nationality, profession and/or image;
information collected;
other information which we reasonably require or that you choose to provide.
B. Personal Data of children under the age of 18 years of age.
ekar does not knowingly collect, keep or maintain Personal Data from children, as the Services may only be used by persons older than 18 Gregorian years and individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
Information we collect through use of our Services
The App may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to:
the type of mobile device you use;
your mobile devices unique device ID;
the IP address of your mobile device;
SMS data.
your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use;
information about the way you use the App or Website;
mobile network information;
mobile application crash reports;
mobile application features and applications used;
time zone setting;
device location;
device information, including the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your device's IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) number, the MAC (Media Access Control) address of the device's wireless network interface, installed applications, or the mobile phone number used by the device);
vehicles will contain hardware that gathers and transmits information about vehicle use;
driver’s record, vehicle travelled history report pertaining to your ride/trip from all applicable entities and authorities’. Additionally, you authorize all DMVs (Department of Motor Vehicles), RMVs (Recreational Motor Vehicles), auto mechanics and all other entities and interested parties to release information to us regarding your driving record and vehicle travel history.
When you visit the App, we may use GPS (Global Positioning System) technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location to show you a location map with relevant information as per our Services offered. We may share your current location with other users or partners. Your location information will be confined to ekar’s Service, and we endeavour not to make your location or movements’ public unless it is required under personal, medical and legal (recovery and insurance) exigencies.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application. This might limit and affect the functionality of the App and our Service.
In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. Suchinformation may include your:
details of the specific Service you have requested;
feedback you choose to provide;
the time and date of your booking of the Service, either at that time or at a time in the future;
your route;
Transaction-related information;
Information on safety-related incidents;
registration history information
C. Information we collect from other Sources:
We may also receive information, including Personal Data, from other sources and combine that either with Personal Data we receive from you or collect through our Services. For example:
We may receive information from your employer (or similar entity) if your employer (or similar entity) participates in any of our enterprise/corporatesolutions.
If you choose to link, create, or log in to your ekar account with a payment provider or social media service (e.g., Facebook), or if you engagewith a separate app or website that uses our application programming interface (“API”) (or whose API we use), we may receive information about you or your connections from that site or app
We may get information from our Affiliates on whether you have been blocked from providing services on or blocked from making use of theAffiliates’ services; and
We may obtain Personal Data from third parties who help us verify an individual’s identity and background information for legal, regulatory, anti- money laundering, safety, and security purposes. This can include screening against sanctions lists, lists of politically exposed persons andrelatives/close associates of such persons, and adverse media.
collect information about you from your employer, if your employer uses one of our solutions
we also may collect information through cookies, NPS (Net Promoter Score) surveys, CRM (Customer Relationship Management) emails, browser, Google Analytics, website analytics, advertisement networks, and purchased datasets.
3. How We Use Your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
customer identification and authentication
payment processing
rental agreement execution
marketing and promotional activities
fraud prevention
legal compliance
data analytics and customer profiling
recording customer service interactions
automated decision making, such as (i) match available vehicles to End Users requesting services based on availability, proximity, and other factors; and (ii) enable dynamic pricing, in which the price is determined based on constantly varying factors such as the estimated time and distance, kind of vehicle, estimated traffic and frequency with which End User would rent vehicle.
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to the relevant parts of the Website and App and to supply the Services you have requested. It will also enable us to bill you and to contact you where necessary concerning our Services.
We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business, for any other purpose whether statistical or analytical and to help us prevent fraud.
Where we record customer service calls, we do so in order to ensure compliance with our service terms and conditions, to maintain customer service standards and for training and service improvement purposes.
Where appropriate, now and in the future, you may have the ability to express your preferences around the use of your data as set out in this Policy and this may be exercised though your chosen method of using our Services, whether App or Website.
We may use your information to contact you for your views on our Services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the App and Website or our Services.
You agree that we may use your information to let you know about our other products and services that may be of interest to you including services that may be the subject of direct marketing, and we may contact you to do so by post, telephone, mobile messaging (e.g. SMS, MMS etc.) as well as by e-mail.
Where you have chosen at a device level to begin or continue receiving push notifications from us, we may send you push notifications relating to the Services that you have requested from us and information about our Services and offers. You can choose to stop receiving push notifications from us at any time by changing your preferences on your mobile device or by contacting us (see section 10).
If you do not want us to use your data in this way or change your mind about being contacted in the future, please let us know by writing to
help@ekar.app
and/or amending your profile accordingly.
Please note that by submitting comments and feedback regarding the App, the Website and the Services, you consent to us to use such comments and feedback on the App and Website and in any marketing or advertising materials. We will only identify you for this purpose by your first name and the city in which you reside.
4.Data Sharing and Disclosure
Depending upon the purposes for which we have collected your Personal Data, we may share your Personal Data with:
Affiliates;
With third parties that we use to carry out work on our behalf or to perform a contract we enter into with them, including but not limited to our sub-processor vendors, marketing partners (advertisements, announcements, and email blasts), consultants, credit card processors, IT vendors and other partners who we work collaboratively with to efficiently provide you with the Services;
With Government Departments: For legal compliance and regulatory reasons;
Google, in connection with the use of Google Maps (see Google’s privacy policy and Google Maps/Google EarthAdditional Terms of Services for information on their collection and use of data at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
and
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
, respectively );
social media companies;
vendors who help us verify identity, background information, or who screen users in connection with sanctions, anti-money laundering, fraud orknow-your-customer requirements. In some cases, these service providers may retain identity documents that are suspected to be fraudulent forthe purpose of identifying fraud in the future;
cloud storage providers;
payment processors and facilitators;
marketing partners and marketing platform providers, including social media advertising services, advertising networks, third-party dataproviders, and other service providers that help us understand you better as a user and measure advertising effectiveness;
research partners, including those performing surveys or research projects in partnership with ekar or on ekar’s behalf;
vendors that assist ekar to enhance the safety and security of our Services;
consultants, lawyers, accountants, and other professional service providers;
airports, including when required by airport authorities as a condition of operating on airport property;
financial institutions, such as banks we partner with to offer joint products;
With third parties to market their products or services to you if you have agreed to receive promotional updates;
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing;
With third parties in an aggregated and/or anonymized form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you;
With law enforcement officials, financial regulators, anti-money laundering agencies, government authorities, public health officials, competentauthorities or other third parties: (i) to enforce or apply our Terms of Use; (ii) to investigate potential breaches of these terms or applicable laws or ifwe believe your actions are inconsistent with our Terms of Use; (iii) to protect the rights, property, or safety of ekar or others; or (iv) if we believedisclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by any applicable law, regulation, operating license or agreement, legal process orgovernmental requests, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or similar concern;
With a claims processor or an insurer to provide any necessary information (including your contact information) if there is a complaint, dispute orconflict, which may include an accident, involving you and another party and such information or data is necessary to resolve the complaint, disputeor conflict;
As part of our Service, the location of your vehicle may be released to insurance companies, the police, courts, tribunals or similar law enforcement agencies, in the course of an investigation and/or accident claim, and to provide assistance in emergencies. Information regarding the location of each vehicle on ekar’s Website or App is also transmitted to ekar.
With third parties in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, oracquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company;
With third parties with whom you choose to let us share your Personal Data, including other applications or websites that integrate with our API orServices, or those with an API or service with which we integrate;
With your employer (or similar entity) if your employer participates in any of our enterprise/corporate solutions.
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
Reflecting the regional span of our business, we process Personal Data globally. This means we may also transfer Personal Data to countries other thanthe one where you live or use ekar’s Services, including but not limited to for the purposes of storage and retention.
When we transfer your Personal Data abroad, we will take appropriate measures to protect yourPersonal Data in accordance with this Policy and the laws of the country from where the transfer is occurring. When transferring your data outside of UAE and/or KSA, we continue to safeguard your Personal Databy implementing measures such as standard contractual clauses and assessing the third parties that we share your personal information with to minimise the risk to you.
Where Applicable Laws require you to consent to the processing of Personal Data outside the country where you access the Services from ekar App or Website, you provide that consent to us by continuing to use our App and/or Website and subsequently booking the vehicle to the fullest extent possible under the Applicable Laws.
6. Data Security, Integrity, Retention
ekar takes the security of data very seriously and works hard to protect your Personal Data. To do this, we continuously update and improve our technical, administrative and physical security measures. . We also maintain global encryption standards and have the requisite tools for it. We use VPN’s (Virtual Private Network) to encrypt data sent over public networks. We are using network security protocols such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems.
Your App profile is password-protected so that only you, ekar, its employees, or service providers (the “Authorised Personnel”) have access to your account information. ekar’s Authorised Personnel will never proactively reach out to you and ask for any personal account information, including your password.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, ekarcannot guarantee the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, ekar expressly disclaims any liability, and you hereby waive any claims, and indemnify us for any claims that may be brought by third parties who access or use Services via your account, that may ariseshould any other individuals obtain the Personal Data ekar collects about you or third parties who access or use our Services via your account.
We keep your Personal Data only for as long as necessary to provide our Services to you and/or your organisation, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and/or enforcing agreements. The actual duration of retention can vary significantly because the duration depends on the type of data and the context of our interactions with you or your use of our Services
7. Your choices and your Rights
Most mobile device platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that apps cannot access without the device owner’s permission. Different platforms have different methods for how that permission can be obtained. Please check the available settings on your device or check with your provider.
Your Choices
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your Personal Data. In accordance with Applicable Laws these may include:
Correcting, making changes to, and deleting your user accounts;
Choosing or changing your choices for correspondence, newsletters, and alerts;
Controlling the use of some cookies and tracking technologies that support our analytics and digital advertising and marketing through the use of cookie preference controls;
Requesting access to the Personal Data we hold about you and that we amend or delete it.
Opting out of receiving direct marketing communications from us and our partners in (i) any direct email marketing communication that you receive from us for End Users, and (ii) from the ‘Settings’ menu in the App.
Your Rights
ekar respects your right to access, rectify, remove, transfer, restrict, object and delete your Personal Data, in line with the Applicable Law. These rights apply to all individuals whose Personal Data we process. If you exercise your rights, you will not be subject to discrimination or reduced Service from us. If you are asked to consent to the processing of your Personal Data, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Before requesting to delete your account, you understand that you will also be subject to the terms and conditions of ekar which may include but not be limited to completing/cancelling any active or scheduled bookings, cancel subscriptions and refund of active bookings. If you are the End User of an enterprise/corporate account, we may be unable to process your deletion request if there are outstanding payments for that enterprise account.
After we receive your erasure request, we will process your request within 90 days. If you make a booking with us during these 90 days, your request to delete the account will be cancelled and your account will remain unchanged.
ekar may be required to retain some data in line with legal or regulatory requirements, for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or because of an issue relating to your account such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute.
You may be contacted for additional information if we are unable to verify your identity, the scope of your request is unclear or does not provide sufficient information for us to conduct a search (for example, this will be the case if you request “all information about me”). Once we have all the information, we need to locate your Personal Data, we will begin processing your request.
Applicable Law may allow or require us to refuse to act on your request, or we may have destroyed, erased, or made your Personal Data anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. If we determine that your request does not have a legal basis, we reserve the right to not further process your request and we will inform you of this decision.
In addition, in UAE and KSA, you have the right to file a complaint relating to our handling of your Personal Data with the data protection authority in UAE or KSA respectively.
8. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored on browsers or devices by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements. We use cookies and similar technologies for purposes such as
distinguishing you from other users of on the App;
remembering your preferences and settings;
understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our Services, including determining the popularity of content andanalysing site traffic and trends;
improving the Services we provide.
We may also allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet, and to track and report on the performance of those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, software development kits, and other technologies to identify the devices used by visitors to our Website, as well as when they visit other online sites and services.
9. For Suppliers only
We consider you as a “Supplier” if you are an individual that provide services to ekar, either in their own capacity, or on behalf of an organization as a member or employee of that organization.
If you are a Supplier or work for a Supplier, we collect Personal Data when you, or the business you represent, provides, or seeks to provide us with, services; or otherwise communicate with us
The Personal Data collected may include:
your name;
your email address;
your phone number;
your postal address;
passport or national identification number;
bank information where payment for Services will be made;
information on shareholders, principal officers, financial history, references, and ultimate beneficial owners;
Other information which we reasonably require or that you choose to provide.
We may use Personal Data collected in the manners described above to:
contact you with regards to the provision of your services to us;
To facilitate payments to you; and
To consider our potential or current relationship with your business.
If you are a Supplier, we will be relying on third parties who help us verify identity and background information for legal, regulatory, anti-money laundering, sanctions and security purposes. This can include screening against sanctions lists, lists of politically exposed persons and relatives/close associates of such persons, and adverse media
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with some of this Personal Data, or request that we erase some or all of it, we may not be able to engage you or continue to engage you to provide services to us
10. Contact and Complaints
You can contact our Privacy Team at dataprivacy@ekar.appwith any questions you may have.
We promise to investigate your concerns and complaints as quickly as possible. We aim to address your request as soon as possible and to respond to you within 30 calendar days from the date it is received. In some cases of greater complexity or if you have multiple concerns, we may need to extend this period, in which case we will let you know more time is needed.
If we are processing your Personal Data on behalf of somebody else, such as your employer, a relative's employer, an association or institution, or an insurance or financial services program, we may need to contact that organisation before we can assist you. If we are unable to assist you, we will tell you who to contact to raise your concern or complaint.
You have the right at any time to raise your concern or complaint with a data protection authority or to take your case to a court of law.
11. Disclaimer
We reserve the right to use your Personal Datawhere we need to i) comply with a law or court order, ii) enforce or apply our agreements with you and other related agreements, or iii) protect the rights, property, or safety of ekar, our employees, our members, or other required third parties.
12. How we may change this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time in accordance with Applicable Law. If we do so, we will post the revised Policy and update the “Last Updated” date. In case of material changes, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of those changes such as by email or application notification at least thirty (30) days before the effective date.
Last Updated: September 2024
Sub-section Policy: 