Azoomee Privacy Policy
What is a Privacy Policy?
This privacy policy is just our way of telling you how we will collect, store and
                use
                any information, which you provide to us, such as your name, age, address, telephone number or anything
                else. It also tells you the choices you can make about how the information you provide to Azoomee is
                collected and used.
If you’re under 18 years of age it’s important that you get your
                parent(s)/guardian(s) to read through this policy and discuss it with you.
And don’t forget you should always get the consent
                of
                your parent(s)/guardian(s) before giving any information or sending materials to anyone, including
                Azoomee,
                whether online, by post or in any other way.
This policy (together with our
Terms and
                Conditions
                of Use
) applies to your use of our website and any mobile applications operated
                by
                us.
We want Azoomee to be a safe and enjoyable environment for everyone. We care
                about
                your information and the trust you place in us to handle and protect your information securely. Whenever
                you
                provide us with your information we will only use it in line with all applicable data protection laws
                including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
Data Protection
                Laws
”)
What are our Details?
“
Tinizine
”,
                “
Azoomee
”, “
we
”, “
us
” and/or “
our
” means
                Tinizine
                Limited (registered number 09218957) and our registered office address is A1 Golf Driving Range, Rowley
                Lane, Arkley, England, EN5 3HW.
References to “
our Sites
”
                refers to
www.azoomee.com
and its sub-domains (“
our
website
”) and all applications,
                resources or services operated by us regardless of device or point of access.
What information do we collect about you?
●
Information you give
                us
You give us information about you when you sign up to use Azoomee such as your
                name,
                address, e-mail address and phone number, financial information (such as payment methods), gender and
                date
                of birth. You also give us information about you when you participate in discussion boards, chats or
                other
                social media functions on our Sites; or enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a
                problem with our Sites.
Some of our services enable you to sign-in via a third party service, such as
                Facebook. If you choose to sign-in via a third party app, you will be presented with a dialog box which
                will
                ask your permission to allow us to access your personal information.
You are in control of the information you provide about yourself but if you
                choose
                not to share your information with us some of the areas of the Sites may not be accessible to
                you.
●
Technical and Site-visit
                Information
Alongside the information you may give us, we may automatically collect technical
                and
                site-visit information including the Internet protocol (
“IP”
) address used to connect your computer to the
                Internet, your login information, browser type and
                version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform. The
                site-visit information includes the full Uniform Resource Locators (
“URL”
) clickstream to, through and from our Sites
                (including
                date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of
                visits
                to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods
                used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
●
Information we receive from
                other sources
Sometimes we need to work with third parties to carry out a service for us (which
                may
                include, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services,
                advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and
                may
                receive information about you from them.
Performance of our contract with you and your consent are the legal bases under
                which
                we process any information we may collect from you. You may withdraw your consent at any time by
                contacting
                us at
help@azoomee.com
.
How do we use Cookies?
These are tiny files of data that are stored on your computer when you visit a
                website. They don’t actually store sensitive information about you, like your name or address, but
                they do hold a ‘key’ so that when you can come back to the website the key unlocks the
                information that the cookie collected last time. You can learn more about the cookies we use and how you
                can
                disable cookies in our Cookies Policy.
How do we use your information?
We will only use your personal information when the law allows it. Most commonly
                we
                use your information:
●
where we need to perform the
                contract we have entered into with you so as to allow you to participate in the features we offer on our
                Sites;
●
to provide you with information
                about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or
                enquired about;
●
to improve and administer our
                Sites,
                tailor our content and offers and for internal business purposes;
●
if you have agreed, to email or
                send
                you by SMS information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you do not want us to use
                your
                data in this way you can exercise the right to opt out at any time by contacting us at
help@azoomee.com
;
●
to contact you about your use of
                the
                Sites or changes to our Sites or policies;
●
to ensure that content from our
                Sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; and
●
to use and disclose information
                in
                aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development
                purposes.
Will you be contacted for marketing purposes?
We will only send you marketing emails or contact you where you have agreed to
                this.
                We may personalise the message content based on any information you have provided to us and your use of
                the
                Sites. We may use information which we hold about you to show you relevant advertising on third party
                sites
                (e.g. Facebook). If you want to stop all personalised services from us you can do so by contacting us at
help@azoomee.com
. Our Sites do not have any
                advertising.
Do you share my information with others?
We do not disclose any personal information about children to third
                parties.
We do not share identifiable adult personal information with third parties other
                than
                where it is necessary to administer the services we have agreed to provide you. Any such information
                shared
                will be with appropriate security measures, to carefully selected third parties only, including service
                providers we engage to perform functions on our behalf, such as hosting or operating our Sites and
                sending
                email communications.
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
●
If our or substantially all of
                our
                assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be
                one
                of the transferred assets;
●
If we are under a duty to
                disclose
                or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or
                apply
                our
Terms
                    of Use
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or
                safety of us, our customers, or others.
When we share your information we will always share it in a secure way and
                require
                such third parties to not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have
                explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
You have the right at any time to ask us not to share any of your personal
                information with third parties by contacting us at
help@azoomee.com
and opting out.
Where do you store my personal information?
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a
                destination
                outside the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“).
                When
                this occurs we will take steps to ensure your information receives an equivalent level of protection to
                those as in the EEA. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated
                securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable Data Protection Laws.
How long will you keep my information?
We’ll only retain your information for as long as necessary to give you the
                services you’re using and only for so long as the law permits. If you delete your account with us
                then
                your personal information and any user generated content is deleted immediately, and the remaining
                information is anonymised for analytical purposes.
How do you keep my information secure?
We have put in place measures to protect the security of your information. Third
                parties will only process your information on our instructions and where they have agreed to treat the
                information confidentially and to keep it secure. We have put in place appropriate security measures to
                prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way.
                We
                have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and the
                relevant supervisory authority of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
How do we treat children’s personal information?
If you are under the age of 18 and you wish to provide us with your information
                for
                any purposes, such as to participate in a competition or use the Azoomee chat service, you must read
                this
                policy with your parent(s)/guardian(s) and you may not provide any information without obtaining their
                consent first.
If we are notified or otherwise learn that a person under the age of 18 has
                submitted
                personal data to us, otherwise than under the conditions of this policy, we will delete such personal
                information.
What are the community
or
                social features that Azoomee offers?
Outlined below is a description of some of the Azoomee social features that
                affect
                the way that your personal information is used. This description is provided in compliance with The
                Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
●
Chat: Azoomee’s built-in
                instant messaging feature allows parents and their children to send text messages, emojis and supply
                pre-made stickers and artwork to other family members. Azoomee Chat can only be activated once a parent
                has
                verified their identity by taking up a paid Azoomee subscription. Children can also chat with invited
                friends but only after parents of both children have approved the connection. Azoomee’s chat
                function
                is a closed network so children cannot be contacted by strangers and parents must always approve all
                connections. Children have the ability to report any problems they experience in their conversations
                with
                the easily-accessible ‘Report’ button, and parents will be notified automatically by Azoomee
                to
                take the necessary action. Parents have full access to their children’s Chat conversations at all
                times. Find out more about Azoomee Chat
here
. If you have any questions about this feature or any concerns about conversations your child
                is
                having, please contact us at
help@azoomee.com
.
●
Art Studio: Children can create
                original artworks using the Art Studio’s tools. There is no access to the device’s camera,
                microphone or ‘camera roll’. Children can share their artwork via the Chat service. Parents
                always have full access to their children’s artwork.
●
Personalised Profiles: Parents
                can
                create a profile for each of their children. A nickname and age must be supplied for each profile. This
                information is used to curate the content library such that age-appropriate content is presented to each
                child in the family. Any content or communication generated by the child, such as artwork or Chat
                messages,
                is saved against their profile. Azoomee does not use these profiles to drive any behavioural content
                delivery or advertising.
How can I withdraw consent?
You have the right to withdraw your consent for any specific processing of your
                personal information which you have previously agreed to or from receiving any promotional
                communications
                from us. To withdraw your consent, please contact us at
help@azoomee.com
.
Access to Information
Data Protection Laws give you the right to access information held about you. If
                you
                would like a copy of some or all of the personal information we hold in relation to you, please email
help@azoomee.com
or write to us at the address at the
                end
                of this policy. You will need to provide us with two copies of suitable ID.
Can I change, update or delete my information?
You can change or update your information or delete your account with Azoomee at
                any
                time. You can do this by contacting us at
help@azoomee.com
. If you request us to delete your account
                this
                will erase any personal information that we have about you. And it will mean any data about how you have
                used the Sites will be made anonymous.  If we have shared any of your personal data with third
                parties
                we will contact those third parties and notify them of your request to have your information
                erased.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time and will post the latest version on
                Azoomee’s website. If Azoomee wishes to use your information in a way which is incompatible with
                the
                information in this policy, we will contact you (and your parent(s)/guardian(s)) to get your
                consent.
What doesn’t this policy cover?
This policy doesn’t cover companies, websites, applications or other
                services
                that we do not own or control, which may have their own privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of
                use.
                Where you access our Services via a third party website, such as Facebook, that site may also collect
                and
                use your information and you are responsible for reading any such policies or terms that apply to that
                site.
Who can I contact and Complaints?
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and
                should be addressed to
help@azoomee.com
. Our registered
                office and main trading address is A1 Golf Driving Range, Rowley Lane, Arkley, England, EN5 3HW.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information
                Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you have concerns about how your information is being used by us.
Last Updated: 10 September 2019