Privacy policy
This privacy policy (our "Privacy Policy") sets out the information gathering and dissemination practices of 2745091 Ontario Inc., and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (references to, "BUNZ", "we", "us", or "our" are references to 2745091 Ontario Inc.) in the use of our website (our "Website") and/or or mobile application (together the “Platform”), including the trade listing service and collection and use of BTZ tokens (collectively with the Platform, the "Services"). In formal terms, 2745091 Ontario Inc., ("BUNZ", "we" or "us"), 161 Bay street, 27th floor, Toronto, ON M5J 2S1, registered in Canada with number 2745091 Ontario Inc., is the data controller of your personal information.
By using our Services, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by BUNZ as outlined herein. If our Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, please do not submit any of your personal information.
We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time and you are responsible for periodically reviewing the most current version of the Privacy Policy on our Website. Your continued use of our Services or submission of information will be deemed your conclusive acceptance of our updated Privacy Policy.
In our Privacy Policy, the phrase "Service Providers" includes, but is not limited to, any licensors, suppliers, information providers or other third parties that provide, from time to time, any data, information, content, application, tool, or service for purposes of the Services.
COLLECTING, USING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION
Our Privacy Policy describes our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the personal information that we (or our Service Providers on our behalf) collect about you through our Services such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address or payment information as well as your BUNZ transaction history. We may collect this information when you subscribe to, or sign up for, certain services, tools or features that we provide, when you register for seminars or other programs that we offer, when you fill out forms made available through our Services, when you enter a promotion or contest, when you complete a survey, when you e-mail us with general inquiries or with your comments or suggestions, or otherwise in connection with your use of our Services. We will limit the personal information we collect to what we need for the purposes for which it was collected and will use such personal information for such purposes. We may also use personal information we collect to provide you with information on products, services, and events that we or third parties offer that we believe may be of interest to you. If we wish to use your personal information for any other purpose, we will obtain your consent before using the information.
You can visit our website without registering for an account. When you decide to provide us with your personal information, you agree that such information is sent to and stored on our servers. We collect the following types of personal information:
Information we collect automatically:
When you visit our website, use our Services and or reply to ads or other content, we automatically collect the information sent to us by your computer, mobile device or other equipment that provides access. This information includes, but is not limited to:
information from your interaction with our Website and Services, including, but not limited to, device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from www.gumtree.com, referring URL, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; and
information we collect through cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.
Information you provide to us:
We collect and store any information you enter on our website or that you provide to us when you use our Services. This information includes, but is not limited to:
information that you provide to us when you register for an account or for the Services that you use including for example, your name, address, email address, telephone number or financial information;
additional information that you may provide to us through social media sites or thirdparty Services;
information provided in the context of dispute resolution, correspondence through our website or correspondence that is sent to us; and
information about your location and the location of your device, including your device's unique identifier information if you have enabled this service on your mobile device.
Information from other sources: We may receive or collect additional information about you from third parties and add this to our account information. This information includes, but is not limited to: demographic data, navigation data, additional contact data and additional data about you from other sources, such as public authorities, to the extent permitted by law.
WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES BUNZ GATHER ABOUT ITS USERS?
We receive, store and process information that you make available to us when accessing or using our Platform and Services. In particular:
When you register or update the details of your user account, or when you supply ID verification information, BUNZ collects your name, username, email address, and, if you opt-in to location services, your location. This personal information is used to administer your account, provide you the Services and contact you, including sending you notifications about the Services.
If you activate a BTZ token wallet with your BUNZ account in order to collect and use BTZ tokens, then we will also collect your phone number to use for secondfactor authentication.
When you access or use the Platform, such as to search for or post, make or accept trades / transactions, post comments or reviews, or communicate with other users, BUNZ will keep track of your trades, posts, comments and likes, ratings and reviews, and transaction history so that you have a record of your activity on the Services.
If you use the chat function of the Services, BUNZ keeps a record of your chat history
If you link your account on a third-party site (e.g., Facebook) to your BUNZ account BUNZ will obtain the Personal Information that you have provided to the third-party site, to the extent allowed by your settings with the third-party site and authorized by you; and
BUNZ also keeps track of your usage patterns, for example that pages that you visit, for the analytics purposes so that BUNZ can monitor and improve the Services.
If you use BTZ tokens, BUNZ will keep track of the amount of the transaction, the date of the transaction, as well as the party with which you made the transaction in order to facilitate the transfer of the BTZ token.
If you create your account using Facebook, BUNZ will obtain; the email address used to login to your Facebook account, your Facebook profile photo, and the name you use on your Facebook profile, the list of pages you manage on Facebook and information from those pages granted when you authorize our Facebook application. These can be changed at any time in your BUNZ account settings once you create your BUNZ account. This information is obtained as verification that you are a real person when creating your account and is not shared with any second or third-party, unless required by law.
Settings and Account Information, for example preferences such as default language, time zone, communication preferences, and other information you submit to BUNZ in the course of using our services
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You agree that we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you access to our Services and Customer Support by means of e-mail or telephone;
to prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud and security breaches and to enforce our Terms of Use;
to personalize, measure and improve our Services, content and ads;
to contact you, by e-mail, push notification, text message (SMS) or by telephone, to inquire about our Services, or for any other purposes as set forth in this Privacy Notice; and
to provide you with other services that you have requested, as described when we collected the information.
STORING OF INFORMATION AND RESTRICTING ACCESS
We may store your personal information (in encrypted form where we believe it to be highly sensitive) in electronic databases or e-mail boxes hosted by us or our Service Providers, for periods of time and with safeguards that we believe are reasonable depending on the nature and sensitivity of the information. Access to the information is restricted in accordance with our security protocols.
BUNZ stores its Services data, including personal information, on its servers or servers managed by third parties where it may be subject to local law and may be made available to government authorities under court order or other lawful access regimes. By using the Services, you consent to your personal information being stored and processed.
Certain features on our website are password-protected to prevent unauthorized access. You are responsible for the confidentiality and use of such passwords.
Due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, we cannot provide assurance that the personal information we collect will remain free from loss, interception, misuse, or alteration by third parties and we and our Service Providers shall have no liability for any loss, interception, misuse or alteration.
AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
In some cases, we may collect information about you that may or may not be personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information include your Internet protocol (IP) address, the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the advertisement or domain name of the website from which you linked to our Services. The collection, use, disclosure, and storage of such information will be in accordance with our Privacy Policy, including for the purpose of optimizing user experience of our Services.
MOBILE DATA
When you use certain features of the Platform, in particular our mobile applications we may receive, store and process different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPSbased functionality on mobile devices used to access the Platform or specific features of the platform). If you access the Platform through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.
LOG DATA
We may also receive, store and process Log Data, which is information that is automatically recorded by our servers whenever you access or use the Platform, regardless of whether you are registered with BUNZ or logged in to your BUNZ account, such as your IP Address, the date and time you access or use the Platform, the hardware and software you are using, referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, and the amount of time spent on particular pages.
COOKIES
Some pages on our website use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a token that a server gives to your browser when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data. Cookies may be placed by us or a third party. By using our services, you provide us your informed consent for storing cookies on your device and tracking them. Cookies help provide additional functionality to our website or help provide and analyze our website traffic and usage information, and to collect and use information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to our website. In all cases in which cookies are used, we will not collect personally -identifiable information except with your permission.
Our cookie related technology includes use for:
Essential Website Functionality. Our website requires these cookies in order to fully utilize our services, login to secure areas
Performance and Functionality. These cookies provide functionality to remember preferences and enchance our functionality but are not strictly required to access our services.
Usage Tracking. We use cookies and related tracking technology to measure the performance of our marketing efforts and how you utilize our services. For example, tracking opens and clicks in our emails to you.
Google Analytics, Retargeting, and Ads. We use Google Analytics for Display Advertising. We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the internet. This site and third-party vendors including Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics Cookie) to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to this website. Visitors can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using Google Ads Preferences Manager.
Facebook Analytics, Advertising & Social Features. We use Facebook technologies to customize content and advertising, to provide social media features, and to analyze traffic to our website.
With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL PLUGINS
Our Platform may use social plugins which are provided and operated by third-party companies, such as Facebook's Login / Share with Instagram. As a result of this, you may send to the third-party company the information that you are viewing on a certain part of our Platform.
We may offer sign-on Services that enable you to access the Website or related websites with your login credentials. We can also offer Services that enable you to share information with third party social media websites, such as Facebook and Twitter. If you provide us access to personal information stored on third party websites, the scope of access to this personal information shall vary per website and will be determined by both your own browser settings and your consent. If you wish to connect your third-party account to your BUNZ account and you consent to us accessing the information in these third-party accounts, you agree that we can collect, use and store information from this third party website in accordance with this Privacy Notice
If you are not logged into your account with the third-party company, then the third party may not know your identity. If you are logged into your account with the third-party company, then the third party may be able to link information about your visit to our   Platform to your account with them. Similarly, your interactions with the social plugin may be recorded by the third party.
Please refer to the third party's privacy policy to find out more about its data practices, such as what data is collected about you and how the third party uses such data.
MEETUPS
The Platform may allow registered account holders to organize, search for or participate in offline events ("Meetups") in selected cities. If you organize a Meetup or indicate that you will attend one, this information, together with some of your public information (such as your profile picture and public profile page) and any messages that you post about that Meetup, will be visible to users who browse the event. However, BUNZ will never disclose where you are staying to another meetup user.
GROUPS
The Platform may allow registered account holders to participate in online discussion forums ("Group(s)") in selected cities.
If you join a Group, then your membership in the Group as well as some of your public information (such as your profile picture and public profile page) will be visible to users who browse the Group. If you publish postings in a Group, then your postings will be visible to such users as well. The ability to browse the Group will depend on the Group settings, and it may or may not be limited to members of that Group.
RELEASING INFORMATION
We may provide your personal information to other persons but only if:
we have your consent
we provide the information to Service Providers who assist us in serving you and who have agreed to appropriate contractual provisions regarding the protection of personal information in accordance with applicable law; or
we are required or otherwise permitted to do so by law, regulation, or court order.
We may send your personal information outside of the country for the purposes set out herein, including for process and storage by Service Providers in connection with such purposes, and you should note that while such information is out of the country, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS BY BUNZ
If BUNZ undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or bankruptcy or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer, or share some or all of our assets, including your Personal Information. In this event, we will notify you before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
HOW TO CHANGE OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION, OR CANCEL YOUR BUNZ ACCOUNT?
You may review, update, correct, or delete the Personal Information you provide in your BUNZ account via your account settings at any time.
You can edit your display name on a 60-day cycle
You can edit your @username at anytime
You can edit your account email address at anytime
You can edit your profile picture at anytime
User Account Deactivation:
You can deactivate your BUNZ account at any time in your BUNZ account settings. All items posted to your profile will be de-listed and no longer render in searches. Your @username will be de-listed and no longer render in searches. To reactivate your account, you can do so by logging back in.
User Account Deletion Requests:
BUNZ users can request the deletion of their account and account data by reaching out to BUNZ at hello@bunz.com with their request. We will remove any and all items listed on your account, remove your @username, your display name, and associated email address. Deletion is permanent and you will not have access to your account once completed.
Please note that your account and items may continue to render in third-party search results (e.g., Google) for a period of time post-deletion as these URL’s and metadata are cached in the search results. To request removal of these cached URL’s, please utilize Google’s search result removal tool located here.
Please also note that any reviews, forum postings and similar materials posted by you may continue to be publicly available on the
SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are continuously implementing and updating administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access, destruction, or alteration. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic information, can be 100% secure. So, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your transmissions to us and of your Personal Information that we store.
ABUSE AND UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS
We do not tolerate abuse of our website. You do not have permission to add other BUNZ users to your mailing list (e-mail or postal) for commercial purposes, even if a user has purchased something from you, unless the user has given his explicit consent. If you notice that someone is abusing our website (spam or spoof emails), please notify us at hello@bunz.com
It is not allowed to use our member-to-member communication resources to send spam or content that violates our Terms of Use in any other way. For your security, we may scan messages automatically and check for spam, viruses, phishing, and other malicious   activity or illegal or prohibited content. We do not permanently store messages sent through these resources.
Our website allows users to share advertisements and other information with other users, thereby making this shared information accessible to other users. Since our website also enables you to directly contact a buyer or seller, we recommend that you consider how you share your personal information with others. You are solely responsible for the personal information you share through our website and therefore we cannot guarantee the privacy or security of the information shared by you with other users.
In case you visit our website from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, we strongly recommend that you log off after each session. If you do not want the shared computer to remember you and/or your credentials, you will need to remove cookies and/ or the history of your website visits.
RESPECTING AND RESPONDING TO YOUR PRIVACY CONCERNS
You have the option to refuse or withdraw consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, and we will respect your choices. If you wish to exercise this option or if you have any questions or enquiries with respect to our privacy policies or procedures, please send a written request to: hello@bunz.com. We will investigate and respond to your concerns about any aspect of our handling of your information. Your opinion matters to us! If you'd like to provide feedback to us about this Privacy Policy, please email us at hello@bunz.com
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY, UNDERSTAND IT AND AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Last Updated:
September 2022