Privacy Policy
GymNadz Limited is commited to protecting your personal information that we collect and store. This privacy policy explains how we handle the personal information collected in connection with the use of Gymnadz Application and gymnadz.com Website. We use third party providers to ensure proper working of the Application. In general, the third party providers will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide. This document describes how we manage any personal information.
When you use the Application / Website, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
What information is collected, what we use it for and for how long?
Personal data refers to any information relating only to you that helps us to identify you.
We collect personal data directly from you by the way of your entry in the Application.
We also collect your personal data indirectly by ourselves during your use of the Application and also from our third party service providers.
We collect (directly and indirectly) the following information:
During signup, we collect your username, password and email address;
During the use of the Application, you can choose to provide information like your name, fitness goal, gender, date of birth, height, weight, country;
About yourself and all your preferences in the Application;
The photos you upload in the Application for the profile and personal diary posts;
Your geographical location based on your IP address during the use of the Application / Website;
Your conversation with us through email and chat;
Step count data from your device based on your specific approval;
Information about your use of the Application / Website like date and time, device/computer, operating system, type of browser, pages visited, your actions in the Application;
Information about your subscriptions like status of subscription, date of purchase, validity, cancellation;
Information about the products and services you purchase from us or from our third party service providers, your delivery address;
Payment related information like credit/debit card details and other forms of payment is collected and processed by third party payment processing companies. We do not collect and store any financial information like full credit/debit card details in our systems;
What we do with the information and for how long?
We use the information to provide you with the services you requested as a paying or non-paying member;
We use the information to contact you by email or by chat or push notifications whenever required;
We may use the information to understand the usage of the Application, to ensure proper working of the Application, to improve the efficiency of the Application;
We may use the information for statistical and marketing analysis to help us improve our service offering;
We may use the information for legitimate administrative purposes;
We may use the information to prevent fraud or misuse;
We may use the information to deal with any dispute or claim;
We access and process your personal information only when there is an absolute need for the specific information based on the reasons for which we collect them.
Under age children (generally below 16 years, but varying from country to country) should not provide their own consent and consent of the parents or legal guardians is required.
We will consider the duration for which we need to keep your personal data in order to deal with any queries, and to meet and protect our legal rights and obligatoins in the event of any claim. When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely delete it. If we anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be used to identify you, we may use that data as along as we decide to do so.
Sharing of your personal data
We may also share your personal information with the following third parties for the purpose described in this privacy policy:
We may provide your information to government authorities or enforcement bodies for compliance with legal requirements;
We may share personal information for legal, protection, safety purposes and to comply with laws.This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection;
We may provide to other companies or agents or contractors to provide  limited services such as: communications, legal services, administration services, customer services, information technology providers, credit card or other payment methods to conduct transactions;
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets;
We may share information with those who need to do work for us;
We may also share your information with our experts to improve your user experience of the service.
We may share your information with any third party for record keeping purposes, internal procedures or for any other purposes;
We may share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses;
By using our Website / Application, you expressly consent to such sharing of the information described above.
HealthKit Data
HealthKit (HK) data is only used to provide health, motion or fitness services in connection with the App; HK data will not be used for marketing, advertising or use-based data mining, including by third parties.
How secure is my information?
Industry standard techniques and best practices are used to store all of our information.The data you provide to us is transferred using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology. SSL is the industry standard method of encrypting information for a secure transfer over the Internet. We take reasonable precautions to make sure the information is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, altered or destroyed. However, we can not guarantee or warrant that the best practices
and techniques used will prevent unauthorized access to information that is stored. We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of your personal data, and to protect it against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your passwords and/or any account information.
What choices do I have regarding my information?
By law you have the right to:
Request information about your personal information we hold and what we do with it.
Request to receive a copy of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information in an electronic and structured form.
Request correction of the personal information.
Request to delete or remove your personal information.
Object to processing of your personal information when you are in a particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information.
Withdraw consent at any time. On receiving such notice, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes to which you originally agreed, unless we have another proper and legitimate basis for doing so.
As a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any wrong person, we may ask you to provide specific information to establish your identity.
You can exercise any of these rights by writing an email to
support@gymnadz.com.
If we find that your request for any of the above is clearly and completely unfounded or excessive, we may refuse to comply or we may charge a fee. Otherwise, the requests will be handled without any fee.
Data Deletion
We are committed to ensuring that our users have control over their personal data. If you wish to delete your account and personal information, please contact our support team at
support@gymnadz.com.
using the email address you registered with on the app. We will process your request promptly and confirm the deletion of your data in accordance with our privacy policy and applicable laws.
What happens when there are changes to this Privacy Policy?
This policy may change over time, but any future changes will not affect data that was collected under a previous version of this policy. If any modifications substantially change your rights, you will receive an email summarizing the changes to the email address associated with your GymNadz account.
What if I have questions or concerns?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy, please send a detailed message to
support@gymnadz.com.
Apply
1 month
was
$ 19.99
$ 19.99
3 months
was
$ 60
$ 51
-15%
6 months
was
$ 120
$ 84
-30%
12 months
was
$ 240
$ 130
-45%
Checking
Log In
Don't have an account?
Sign Up
Account Info
Log Out
Email:
Membership Status:
Payment Method:
Expiry:
Checking
Back
By joining GymNadz, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
and
Terms & Conditions
Create new account
Download app
Get the latest app
Google Play
Go to Play Store