Privacy Policy
Privacy is something we take very seriously here at Simplicial Software, LLC
            ("Simplicial"), and it is our goal to be open and transparent with what information we collect,
            and how we use it. This website, products, mobile applications, console or PC applications, and any services
            (collectively "Services") linked by this Privacy Policy ("Policy") are controlled by
            Simplicial and its affiliates ("we", "our", or "we").
This Policy will explain what information we collect, why we collect it, and how we
            use it. Additionally, this Policy explains the choices we offer, including how to access and update your
            information.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at:
support@simplicialsoftware.com
By using the Services, you are consenting to this Policy and the processing of your
            data, including your information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree with
            these terms, please do not use the Services.
Information we collect
We collect information to provide better Services to our users and improve our
            business. We do NOT collect any personal identifying information (PII), such as account credentials, social
            security numbers, government identification numbers, etc.
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us or information provided through a social network.
For example, some of our services require you to sign up for an account, provide
                information for a contest or award, or link an account through a social network. We work with social
                networks including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and LinkedIn.  We have
                access to information you directly provide and information through those social networking services
                based on your privacy settings on those networks.
Information we get from your use of our Services.
We may collect information about the Services that you use and how you use them, like
                when you visit different parts of our site or applications and what selections you make on the Services.
                We may also automatically collect certain technical information such as:
Device information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model,
            operating system version, and mobile information if you use a mobile device to access the Services).
Log information
When you use our Services or view content provided by us, we may automatically
            collect but not store certain information in server logs.  This information may include:
Mobile related information if you access our Services using your mobile
                device.
Internet protocol address.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings,
                browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL.
Cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, mobile device, or your
                account.
Browser type, operating system, and other technical information
3. How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our Services to provide, maintain,
            protect and improve our Services, to develop new Services and offerings and to protect us and our users. We
            also use this information to offer you tailored content like giving you more relevant search results and
            ads.
When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as the other
            information in this Privacy Policy to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email
            address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or
            improvements.
Please keep in mind that comments sections, forums, and other similar areas of our
            Services are public.  Any information posted in those areas is viewable and usable by anyone that has
            access.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those
            that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
4. Third Party Operators and Services
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or
            individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on the Services.  We also do not
            control the privacy policies and your privacy settings on third-party sites, including social networks.
We use Third Party Operators to help offer you more tailored ads and better Services,
            as well as aiding in keeping our game free.
For further information, please see the relevant privacy policies for each Third
            Party Operator:
Amazon AWS:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Mopub:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Google/Admob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Apple:
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
AdColony:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Amazon:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Opera Mediaworks:
http://operamediaworks.com/advertising-services-privacy-policy
5. Choice
If we provide you with any mailings or other communication, you can always opt out of
            that communication.
You have the right to remove your information from our databases.  To
            do this, please delete your Simplicial
Account.
             If you have any problems or questions, please let us know by contacting us here
support@simplicialsoftware.com
and we will assist you with the process.
6. Accessing and updating your information
Whenever you use our Services, we aim to provide you with access to your
            information in your account. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly
            or to delete it unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When
            updating your information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your
            request.
7. Information we share
We do not share any information with companies, outside organizations and
            individuals unless one of the following circumstances apply:
With your consent
We will not share your information with any companies for any reason except as
            legally required.
For external processing
We will not provide information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or
            persons to process it.
For legal reasons
We will share information with companies, outside organizations or
            individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information
            is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental
            request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm
            to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
In case of a sale or asset transfer
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the
            sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including information collected from you
            through your use of our Services, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur,
            we will use reasonable means to notify you, either through email and/or a prominent notice on the
            Services.
In aggregated form for business purposes
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly
            and with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For
            example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
8. Information security
We work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized
            alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold however no website or storage system is
            entirely secure, and as such we can make no guarantee for the safety of your information stored in
            associated with the Services.  You should protect the account information in your possession as
            well.
9. Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal
            written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up.
10. Children Under 13
Our Services are not directed toward children under 13 and we will not knowingly
            collect information for any child under the age of 13.  If you are the parent of a child under the age
            of 13 and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our Services, please contact us at
support@simplicialsoftware.com
11. Our Services are Located in the United States
Our Services are hosted in the United States.  If you are outside of the United
            States, your information will be processed and stored in the United States and you are consenting to such
            processing and storage.
12. Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Policy changes on
            this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for
            certain Services, email notification of privacy policy changes).
This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 21, 2022.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/&sa=D&usg=AFQjCNHYNLTljN5Pc0SaaoocUXV4XbxQxA:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.