Privacy Policy
Rababa Games respect the rights of our users and is committed to protecting the personal information collected through the use of the Site and/or games
    developed by Rababa Games. We have adopted the below policy to show our commitment and guide how we collect, store and use information.
This Privacy Policy governs Rababa Games policies and procedures regarding the collection, maintenance, use and disclosure of personal information we
    receive from users. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and information that you provide & permit to us for use. This Privacy Policy may be updated
    from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the main sites to our games service. You are advised to
    consult this policy regularly for any changes.
Information Collection and Use: Personally Identifiable Information
· In the course of using our games services, you may provide us with personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be
    used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, user ID, and
    hometown. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide our games services and administer your inquiries.
· We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide our games services, complete
    your transactions and administer your inquiries.
· We also use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) to contact you with newsletters, marketing or
    promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such
    communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The following Personal Information from your profile can be visible to other players of our games: Name, profile picture, home town, home country and User
    ID. Other information collected within our games such as game high scores and collected achievements can also be visible to other players of our games.
How we protect Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure
    or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, and/or Games, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site and/or Games.
    Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
"Hajwala" Subscriptions 

    - VIP Subscription (Remove All Ads /Public Chat and Voice Chat VIP Skin/Cars/Tracks).
    - Lite Subscription (Remove All Ads)
"Hajwala" Pricing Plans:

    - “VIP Subscription" Monthly: 4.99$
    - “Lite Subscription" Monthly: 1.99$
Payments and Renewal:

    Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
    Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
    You can manage or turn off auto-renew in your Account settings at any time after purchase
    No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active period.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please use the contact link at the bottom of this page.
info@rababagames.com
This Policy was last Updated July 21, 2021