DATA PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Checkout as a new customer
Creating an account has many benefits:
See order and shipping status
Track order history
Check out faster
Sign Up
Checkout using your account
Email Address
Password
Sign In
Forgot Your Password?
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data that Premiumropes B.V. (hereafter: "Premiumropes) processed from her customers.
If you place an order with and / or create an account with Premiumropes or for other reasons provide personal data to Premiumropes, you expressly give permission to process your personal data in line with this Privacy Policy.
We advise you to read and keep the Privacy Policy for your own administration.
Responsible
Responsible for processing the personal data as shown in this privacy statement is:
Premiumropes B.V.
Surinamekade 6
1019 BV AMSTERDAM
020-419 6412
Chamber of Commerce 68330626
Contact details
www.premiumropes.com / www.lijnenspecialist.com
Surinamekade 6
1019 BV Amsterdam
the Netherlands
+ 31 20 419 64 12
What data does Premiumropes process and for what purpose?
In the context of your order the following personal data will be processed:
- First and last name
- Address data
- Telephone number
- E-mail address
- Bank account number
- IP address
- Other personal data that you actively provide, for example by creating a profile on this website, in correspondence and by telephone
- Other personal characteristics that may be required, such as social media accounts
- Location data
- Information about your activities on our website
- Data about your surfing behaviour across different websites (for example because this company is part of an advertising network)
- Internet browser and device type
Special and / or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and / or service does not intend to collect data about website visitors under the age of 16. Unless they have permission from parents or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is older than 16. We therefore advise parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without that permission, please contact us at info@premiumropes.com and we will remove this information.
For what purpose and on what basis we process personal data
Premium Ropes processes your personal data for the following purposes:
- Handling your payment
- Sending our newsletter and / or advertising brochure. E-mail reporting (opt-out): Premium Ropes uses your name and e-mail address to send you her e-mail newsletter with information about activities, products and other interesting information. Unsubscribing for these mailings is possible at any time via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the mailing.
- Being able to call or e-mail you if this is necessary to be able to perform our services
- Inform you about changes to our services and products
- Offer you the option to create an account
- To deliver goods and services to you
- Premium Ropes analyses your behaviour on the website in order to improve the website and to adjust the range of products and services to your preferences.
- Premium Ropes also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do so, such as data that we need for our tax return.
Automated decision making
Premium Ropes does not make decisions on the basis of automated processing about matters that can have (significant) consequences for people. These are decisions that are made by computer programs or systems, without a person being involved.
How long we keep personal data
Premium Ropes does not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to realize the purposes for which your data are collected. We use the following retention periods for the following (categories) of personal data.
Premium Ropes processes and stores your personal data during the time of your order for up to seven years afterwards for administrative purposes. The personal data is subsequently destroyed.
Sharing of personal data with third parties
Premium Ropes shares your personal data with various third parties if this is necessary for the execution of the agreement and to comply with a possible legal obligation. We enter into a data processing agreement with companies that process your data on our behalf to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. Premium Ropes remains responsible for these processes. In addition, Premium Ropes provides your personal information to other third parties. We only do this with your explicit permission.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Premium Ropes uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. Premium Ropes uses cookies with purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work properly and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that track your surfing behaviour so that we can offer customized content and advertisements.
On your first visit to our website, we have already informed you about these cookies and have requested your permission to place them.
You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can also delete all information that was previously saved via the settings of your browser.
Cookies are also placed on this website by third parties. These are, for example, advertisers and / or social media companies.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You can do this yourself via the personal settings of your account. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by our company and you have the right to data transferability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we hold about you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you.
If you want to make use of your right to object and / or the right to data transferability or if you have other questions / comments about data processing, please send a specified request to info@premiumropes.com or use our
contactform
.
To ensure that the request for inspection has been made by you, we request that you send a copy of your proof of identity with the request. Mark in this copy your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and Citizen service number (BSN) with black. This is to protect your privacy. Premium Ropes will respond to your request as quickly as possible, but in any case within four weeks.
How we protect personal data
Premium Ropes takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent abuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized changes.
Premium Ropes uses services from third parties, so-called processors, for the processing of personal data. We have a processor agreement with these processors.
If you feel that your information is not properly protected or there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info@premiumropes.com
Amendments
This Privacy Policy can be changed. The changes are announced on our website. We advise you to regularly view the Privacy Policy.