Privacy Policy
Last updated on August 1, 2024.
This privacy policy (“
Policy
”) informs you of our practices when handling your Personal Information through the Services (both as defined below.) In this Policy, “
Speeko
”, “
we”
, “
us
”, or “
our
” refers to Speeko, Inc.
For the purpose of this Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This includes Personal Information that you provide or generate when you use: (a) our Speeko mobile app (the “
App
”); (b) https://www.speeko.co, and any other dedicated Speeko websites (the “
Website
”) (collectively, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. When you use the Services, you accept and understand that we collect, process, and store your Personal Information as described in this Policy.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you must not use the Application. of this Policy, please do not use any of the Services. If you change your mind in the future, you must stop using the Services, and you may exercise your rights concerning your Personal Information as set out in this Policy.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Policy by your continued use of the Services after the date such revised Policy is posted.
This Policy does not apply to the third-party online or mobile store from which you install the App or make payments, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
Collection of Your Information
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the App depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
User Application Data
Only anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve our Services. This includes anonymized recording analysis metric scores and exercise performance metadata aggregated by individual pieces of coaching content.
Transcription data: For your audio recording to be transcribed, it is uploaded to our server, and we process it with a third-party transcription provider, including Amazon. No one at Speeko will listen to your audio or read your transcript. We do not allow transcription providers to use your audio or transcript for their own purposes. We make a best-effort attempt to delete your audio and transcription after they are retrieved by your device and we delete all audio and transcriptions after thirty-one (31) days. If you wish to opt-out from automatic transcription, you may turn it off in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your device, including your device’s microphone. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data
We may collect device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to provide.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the App. If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Data Surveys
We may collect personal and other information you may provide when entering contests or responding to surveys.
Use of Your Information
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with an optimized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Services to:
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Services.
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Services.
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Notify you of updates to the Services.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Services.
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows.
By Law or to Protect Rights
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Sale or Bankruptcy
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity.
Tracking Technologies
We may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics, to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the Application through the use of first-party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the Application, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand user activity. By accessing the Application, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policies and contact them directly for response to your questions. We do transfer personal information to these third-party vendors.
Security of Your Information
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
Policy for Children
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of thirteen (13). If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Controls for Do-Not-Track Features
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“
DNT
”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
info@speeko.co
.