Privacy Policy
Seabaa, Inc. of 1658 N Milwaukee Ave Ste B PMB 2580 Chicago, IL 60647 sells the mobile game called “
finity.
” (referred to as “Game” within this document) via Apple Arcade (referred to as the “Service”). This Privacy Policy is specific to (the Game).
This document informs you of our privacy policy regarding our collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use the Service and the Game. By using the Service and / or playing the game, you agree to this policy.
Last updated: 07/22/2023
DEFINITIONS
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about an individual who can be identified from those data, those data in cross-reference to other data collected within the Game or the Service by us, or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession via usage of the Game and / or the Service.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service, from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, scores and achievements), or from the Game.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED AND USE
Personal Data
Whenever you use the Game, information about your device, such as the Game Center gamePlayerID, are collected. Those are persistent identifiers in connection with your iCloud Game saves, in connection with Game Center Leaderboards and in connection with Achievements. Such data are transmitted to, processed and handled by Apple, as well as stored to your device. We typically do not have access to this information.
Usage Data
When you use the Game, non-personally identifiable player information such as device type, level progress, scores, achievements, unlocked themes are collected. Any such information is stored on your device and in Apple’s iCloud and Game Center services. It is used for services such as iCloud for saved games and Game Center for achievements and leaderboards (if applicable). Again, we typically do not have access to this information.
Tracking Cookies Data
No Cookies or comparable tracking technologies are used by the Game to track user activities.
SUPPORT
When contacting Seabaa directly for support, Seabaa may collect personal information that you provide when submitting a support request, including information such as your contact information, device type, operating system, and preferred language (called ‘Device Specifications’). This information will be provided by you directly via email or other support channels, and will be used for the purposes of resolving the support request. All such information will be held for a reasonable amount of time in order to address the issues that you contact us about. Additionally, when you visit a website that we own or operate, information such as your IP address may be automatically collected, regardless of your purpose for visiting. This information will be held for a reasonable amount of time and then deleted.
Customer support can be reached via email at support@seabaa.com
Transfer of Data
Personal Data and Usage Data is transmitted to Apple for iCloud for the purposes of saving games and to Game Center for achievements and leaderboards. No other Data is transferred to any other party.
Disclosure of Data Collection and Handling,
Personal Data collected by us is transmitted to Apple Servers for iCloud for saved games and Game Center for achievements and leaderboards, as may be applicable. We do not retain any Personal Data or Usage Data to provide any third parties who may seek such data. However, we may collect, retain and disclose prospective Personal Data and Usage Data provided by you and to which we have access under the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
To comply with a legal obligations;
To protect and defend our rights;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Game or Service;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Game, Service or the public; and
To protect against legal liability;
SECURITY OF DATA
Protection of any personally identifying Usage Data or Personal Data is a high priority for us. Such Data as set forth above is shared with Apple only. Our use of any such data is limited to supporting integration with Apple’s iCloud, leaderboard and achievement tracking. We don't store Usage Data or Personal Data.
Please keep in mind:
No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to protect your Personal Data with our best effort that is commercially feasible, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
OPTING OUT OF DATA COLLECTION
You may decline to store data in iCloud or to send data to Game Center. To turn off iCloud data storage, you must turn off iCloud in Apple Settings for our game. As a result, you will only be able to play in single player offline mode. To stop sending data to Game Center, you must sign out of Game Center in Apple Settings. As a result, you will not appear on leaderboards.
POLICY REGARDING THE TRACKING RESTRICTIONS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA ONLINE PROTECTION ACT
We do not track users of the Service or Game.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Although the Game does collect some limited Personal Data and Usage Data, no such data is stored on our servers, nor shared by us with any third parties (other than Apple).
All such data is used only for the purposes of support for the internal operations of the Game and Service as set forth in the exception to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”) at 16 C.F.R. 312.2. Furthermore, such data collection and use is collected with a Legitimate Interest as set forth in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us via the means provided at the bottom of this document.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to cease such collection of Personal Data and delete it immediately. However, for purposes of legal compliance, a note of deletion will be retained on our side.
If a minor contacts us regarding a support issue, that issue would be handled as all support requests. All data will be archived upon resolution and deleted upon request.
USER RIGHTS
Users have the following rights in relation to data that is in our possession or control:
The right to request copies of the information that we hold about that User at any time, or to request that we modify, update, or delete such information. We will not charge a User for access to the data we have about that User, unless the request is unreasonable or duplicative. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse such a request where the law allows. If we refuse such a request, then you may further request an explanation for the refusal.
The right to have data corrected if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request deletion or removal data.
The right to "block" us from using Personal Data and Usage Data, or to limit the ways in which we can use them.
The right to request that we move, copy, or transfer data.
The right to object to our use of data, including where we use them for otherwise legitimate reasons.
To ask questions regarding Personal Data and Usage Data, to exercise any of the rights set out above, or to withdraw a consent to the processing of Personal Data and Usage Data (where consent is our legal basis for processing the data), contact Seabaa at support@seabaa.com.
ACCURACY
It is important that data held by us about Users is accurate and current. We request that Users inform Seabaa of any changes in those data.
TRANSFERS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
Users located in or subject to the jurisdiction of the European Economic Area (EEA) are advised that data that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred to countries outside of the EEA. Please note that our principal place of business is located within in the United States of America. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, Users should assume that Personal Data and Usage Data will be stored in, processed in, and transferred to countries outside of the EEA. Users who do not or cannot accept this should not use the Website.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Last updated: 07/22/2023
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Seabaa, Inc.
1658 N Milwaukee Ave., Ste B, PMB 2580
Chicago, IL 60647
Seabaa Support
support@seabaa.com