About Us
KeyLogic Infotech offers our customers a wealth of technical and business expertise. We build complex, diverse web and mobile solutions for any business need.
Our knowledge and experience translate to added value and peace of mind for our customers. With KeyLogic Infotech you get quality software and perfect service every time.
Our expertise can empower your business with custom application designing and development services.
We stand by our clients from idea inception to strategy, research, quality assurance, consulting and post-development support.
KeyLogic Infotech has mastered the skill of software development with rich technical expertise and proven experience in a variety of business domains.
Our Services
From IT strategy consulting and comprehensive technology roadmaps to the end-to-end development of scalable solutions, KeyLogic Infotech delivers a full-cycle software development services that adapt seamlessly to your project requirements and business needs.
Web Development
Superior web development services combined with expert resources, technical prowess to strengthen overall business strategy. Our web developers create custom web application solutions. We deliver web presence to help you grow your business using the best web technologies.
Mobile App Solutions
We build intuitive Android, iOS and cross-platform apps for businesses, consumers and enterprises that end users love and adapt to them very quickly and easily. Our prototyping approach and robust development plan create custom applications from scratch across mobile, web, and cloud platforms ensuring seamless integration, flexibility, and business profitability.
UI/UX Design
Our design experts identify and recommend the best possible user experience for your digital solutions. With a unique blend of modern technologies and innovative approaches, we create responsive and adaptive designs with uniform cross-platform compatibility.
API Development
We integrate systems but also create dedicated APIs for web & mobile applications. We build APIs of high performance and security for any industry and right for your specific requirements and for connecting and updating our client's legacy systems to securely connect to the open web.
QA Services
We deliver stand-alone and integrated testing services, providing supreme quality assurance through deep understanding of your business goals and applications. Our QA engineers don’t just test, they make your software application successful ensuring quality delivery with expert manual and automated testing services.
eCommerce
Get a lead in the eCommerce field by adopting a cutting-edge tech stack. Our top developers will design, develop, implement, and maintain market-leading eCommerce applications for you.
Technology Stack
TOOLS & TECHNOLOGIES OUR SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS USE
Backend
Database
Frontend
Mobility
Cloud and DevOps
Testing
PHP Laravel
Codeigniter
Node.js
Opencart
Wordpress
Python Django
Angular JS
React JS
Vue JS
JQuery
HTML5, CSS3, JS
IOS Swift
Android
React Native
Flutter
MYSql
Maria DB
mongo DB
SQLite
AWS
Google Cloud
Salesforce
Docker
Jenkins
Postman
Browser stack
Apache Jmeter
DEVELOPMENT LIFECYCLE
We employ best practice processes and development methodologies as a foundation for rapid building of cutting-edge technology solutions in a structured and methodical way.
01
Planning
We collect all the relevant information from the customer to develop custom software development solutions as per their expectation. This includes calculating labor and material costs, creating a timetable with target goals, and creating the project’s teams and leadership structure.
02
Designing
The system and documents are prepared as per the requirement specifications. This helps us define overall system architecture and technology stack.
03
Defining
Once the requirement analysis phase is completed, the next step is to define and document software needs.
04
Building
Developers start to build the entire system by writing code using the chosen programming language, techniques, and methodologies.
05
Testing
Evaluating the quality of software with the aim of finding and fixing defects.
06
Deployment
The final software is released and checked for deployment issues, if any.
07
Maintenance
According to the service level agreement, we ensure that needs continue to be met and that the system continues to perform as per the specification mentioned in the first phase.
Looking For a Job?
Explore Opening
Contact Keylogic Infotech
Please send us your requirements and we will get back to you at the earliest.
Location:
351, Atlanta Mall,
Sudama Chowk, Mota varachha,
Surat, Gujarat, India 394101
Inquiry :
info@keylogicinfotech.com
Work with us :
career@keylogicinfotech.com
Call:
+91 9913328925
Your Name
Your Email
Subject
Message
Loading
Thanks for contacting us, we will get back to you soon!!
Submit