Privacy
Policy
At NATURE WEB, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy. This policy is applicable to NATURE WEB website as well as to all NATURE WEB owned published mobiles apps including - Indian Birds, Indian Butterflies, Indian Mammals, Indian Frogs, Indian Snakes, Indian Flowers
Data
Collected
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an NATURE WEB account on website. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address and other information that you provide on sign up form you choose to provide.
We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the request.
Use of the
Data
We only use this information to create your NATURE WEB user profile and for authenticating the user. We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized access of data about you that we store, including personal information.
Sharing of
Data
We don't share your personal information with third parties. We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information.
We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter, Google+, LinkedIn and Facebook. Your use of these third party services is entirely optional. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third party services' privacy policies.
Cookies
We may use cookies on our site to remember your preferences.
Opt-Out,
Preferences
You may modify your preferences and/or opt-out from specific service. Please drop us an email at
contact@natureweb.net
in case you want to completely remove your registered email account.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
About
Children
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Website from visitors in this age group.
Changes to the
Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make major changes in the way we collect or use information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website or sending you an email.
Birds
of India
Amazing Butterflies
in India