Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is applicable to our all games.
WHO WE ARE
GameiFun aims to entertain and educate players via games. We care about our players. We’re a small team, but we try hard to do the right thing and are excited to be making a difference through our games.
Personal and non-personal information.
We do not collect any personal information about the users of our apps.
If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly remove the information.
PROTECTION OF CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY: COPPA
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13. When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Amendments
.
We may amend our privacy policy from time to time by posting the amended Policy on our website, without directly informing our users. Therefore we encourage our users to review this policy frequently reserves all rights and interpretation to the Policy and its amendments.
Advertisement
.
We accept ads from Third Party ad networks which may be displayed in Kids Apps. These Third Parties ad networks are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider in performance of services for this app. Note that if the User of the Kids Apps clicks on any of these ads, the User will leave our Kids Apps and go to the advertisers’ site which the User selected, and the advertisers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect Non-personal Information and/or Kids personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please
Contact Us
Last updated July 14, 2021
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...