Privacy Policy
Last updated: 1st September 2021
This Privacy Policy is applicable to the website and mobile applications published by Octagon Studio Ltd (“Octagon Studio”, “we”, “us” and “our”) which operates (Animal 4D+, Dinosaur 4D+, Space 4D+, Octaland 4D+, Humanoid 4D+, Humanoid AR+, Dino Park AR+, Wear 4D+, WOW 4D+, History of Aircrafts 4D+, Cars 4D+, Books 4D+, 4D+, DinoLand 4D+, AR Cam 4D+, ISS ExplorAR, Octagon 360, Wandr, AR+, London History AR, BigBallAR, Octagon Edu, Discovery #MINDBLOWN!, AR Adventure in Space, Future Me AR, Astro Tim, WWF MakeYourMark, Fungisaurs, Octagon AR+, Octagon MPP, Disrupt Space Art, ARtscape Digital, Roach Rage. We may change or update the
Privacy Policy
at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. We encourage you to review our
Privacy Police
regularly to keep informed of any updates.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the website and mobile applications purchased through Google Play or Apple Store under our company name and logo. We design our apps with privacy in mind for the whole family, particularly young children under 13 years of age under parent supervision. Octagon Studio is the brand you trust for STEM learning (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematic) through high quality Augmented Reality (AR) technology in an age-appropriate environment that encourages curiosity, wonder and exploration.
Our mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and Global Data Privacy Regulation, (“GDPR”). We only collect data that is necessary and relevant to providing you with our Services. It is always up to you whether or not you wish to provide us with your personal information. We share your concern for the privacy of children and do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about children through the apps. We are a law-abiding company that conducts our business in compliance to the prevailing regulation regarding data protection and security based on trust and mutual understanding as a part of our company’s mission and vision. It is our commitment to build a strong and lasting bond with our customers based on trust and mutual relationship.
This
Privacy Policy
is also part of the
Terms of Use
located at
https://octagon.studio/terms-and-service/
which you, or if you have not reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction, a parent or legal guardian, must read and accept on your behalf. The
Terms of Use
explains your rights and responsibilities when using our apps.
If you want more information about how we collect, process and store your personal data; or would like your personal data to be edited or deleted, please contact us at
info@octagonstudio.com
.
KIDS PRIVACY POLICY
If you are a child or a minor under the age of 13 years, you must ask your parents or legal guardian to approve your provision of personal information before you submit your personal details to us. Although Octagon Studio provides products and services for use with children, we never knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Parents and guardians are personally responsible for monitoring their child’s access to, and use of, our services and for providing valid approvals for their child’s participation in subscription, competitions and other promotional activities conducted by us.
To protect you and your child’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about you or your child. Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that their child provided us with personal information without their consent, they should contact us and we will delete/remove such information. Parents or legal guardian may request to access, correct, update and delete their child’s personal information. If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting personal information, please contact us at
info@octagonstudio.com
.
OCTAGON STUDIO MOBILE APPS
When you download and use our mobile applications, we do not require you to provide any information and we do not collect any information about you or your device, except we collect:
Device ID
(to register serial number of 4D apps)
Location data
(direct to store based on IP address/location for 4D apps)
Child-lock parental gate
When you use a certain application provided by us (ARMS), we use the location to equalize the direction of the markerless object. However, we do not collect data from your location into our database. We only use location to detect language to make it easier for you to understand, based on your country’s.
Octagon Studio guarantees that there will be no selling, transfer, distribution or loan of your information/personal data to other third party without your consent and we do not share with other companies for marketing purposes. We can guarantee your information confidentiality apart from the events listed below:
If Octagon Studio will get acquired/bought/merged by/with a third party.
In an effort to comply to a legal obligation.
Analytics company (Google Analytics / Firebase Analytics) may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
Our apps do not have third-party advertisements so tahat young learners stay focused on their leraning experience. Any in-app upgrades or purchases, links to our apps in the App Store, links to our websites or social media pages can only be accessed through a parental gate. These apps do not enable children to make their personal information publicly available.
You can request to access and delete your personal information by emailing us to
info@octagonstudio.com
and we will remove personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email or phone number) and other preferences associated with your account promptly after you delete your account. You can also uninstall our mobile application from your device at any time. We may retain other data idefinitely.
OCTAGON STUDIO WEBSITE
We collect and process your personal information in order to provide products and/or services to you, help provide you with a smooth efficient user experience, monitor usage patterns, process each shopping transaction and for educational purposes. However, we do not ask for any more information than is necessary and providing your personal data is always voluntary. We may collect personally identifiable information from Users only if it is submitted to us. It is always up to you whether or not you wish to provide us with your personal information.
We may collect non-personal identification information which includes the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and other similar information. By submitting your personal information, you hereby approve the practices described in this
Privacy Policy
. Upon registering as a User on Octagon Studio website, Octagon Studio will collect personal information of the User in the form of full name, e-mail address, postal address, reachable phone number (optional) and other information deemed necessary. You will generally be able to access, update and correct personal information details by emailing us. We request that you keep your information as current as possible so that we may continue to improve our service to you.
In some cases, we also utilize cookies, small files comprised of letters and numbers which are downloaded into your device when accessing our website. We will use cookies particularly to recognize you on revisiting our website and to display suitable contents that meet your needs. Generally, web browsers are normally designed to accept cookies, but you can easily change this by modifying your browser setting. However, please note that by deactivating your cookies, you may not be able to use some of our features. Please refer to our
Cookies Policy
.
Octagon Studio takes reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt the personal information you input and storing your information in encrypted form behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. If you create an account to use the Website, you may be asked to choose a password for your account, which can be used to access information associated with your account (including personal information). Do not disclose your password to any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. If you suspect that your password has been compromised, please contact us immediately.
Octagon Studio guarantees that there will be no selling, transfer, distribution or loan of your information/personal data to other third party without your consent and we do not share with other companies for marketing purposes. We can guarantee your information confidentiality apart from the events listed below:
If Octagon Studio will get acquired/bought/merged by/with a third party.
In an effort to comply to a legal obligation.
Analytics company (Google Analytics / Firebase Analytics) may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
We do not allow third-party companies to solicit or advertise to our Users. Our intention is to keep the Resources free from any of this sort of direct advertising.
We ensure that your personal information is treated confidentially and in accordance with privacy laws.
If you are certain that your personal information is subjected to privacy law infringement, or if you wish to access or amend your information in our possession, or if you have any other remaining questions and inquiries, please reach us by e-mailing to
info@octagonstudio.com
. Please provide information as comprehensive as possible to help us provide immediate response. You may also contact us below:
Octagon Studio Ltd
Lohort Castle
Cecilstown
Co Cork – Ireland