PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified: 7/27/2019
FishAngler, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("
FishAngler
", "
we
" or "
us
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the FishAngler Service including the FishAngler website, FishAngler widgets, buttons, or any applications (including mobile applications), Web API, email notifications, and advertisements made available by FishAngler (collectively, the "
Service
"), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Application of Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
In connection with your use of the Service.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages using the Service.
Through mobile and desktop applications including those which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction with the Service.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
Information Collected by Others
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Service.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using this Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13 and 16
Our Service is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not register on the Service, make any purchases through the Service, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Service or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy_report@fishangler.com.
If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must also have your legal guardian review and approve this Privacy Policy. If you do not meet this requirement, you must not access or use the Service.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Service, sometimes through automatic data collection technologies, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, username, password, other user generated content that may be personally identifiable (such as photos), or ANY OTHER INFORMATION THE SERVICE COLLECTS THAT IS DEFINED AS PERSONAL OR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION UNDER AN APPLICABLE LAW ("
personal information
");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your location data, gender, payment information, as well as any other user generated content that may be about you;
about the actions that you take on the Service, such as sharing content, adding connections, searches and browsing activity, and general activity on the Service;
that you provide when you create or share, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. We also collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities;
that other people provide when they use our Service, including information about you, such as when they share a photo of or post about you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information;
about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, such as the people you communicate with the most or the groups you like to share with. We also collect contact information you provide if you upload, sync or import this information (such as an address book) from a device;
about the details of your visits to our Service, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Service;
from your visit or use of third-party websites and apps that use our Service (like when they use our measurement and advertising services). This includes information about the websites and apps you visit, your use of our Service on those websites and apps, as well as information the developer or publisher of the app or website provides to you or us; and/or
from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our Service, depending on the permissions you've granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Service across your devices. Here are some examples of the device information we collect: (1) attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers; (2) device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals; and (3) connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
How We Collect Information About You
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Service may include:
Information that you provide when you use our Service. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Service, subscribing to our Service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Service.
Content and other information you provide when you create or share, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. We also collect information about how you use our Service, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Service and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Service.
Your search queries on the Service.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed ("
posted
") on public areas of the Service, or transmitted to other users of the Service or third parties (collectively, "
User Contributions
"). Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Service with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including through automatic data collection technologies:
To present our Service and its contents to you.
To provide and improve our Service, develop new products and services.
To analyze your use and store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Service according to your individual interests
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Service or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Service.
To estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Speed up your searches.
To recognize you when you return to our Service.
To promote safety and security.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information for statistical and marketing purposes. You acknowledge and agree that we and our affiliates and/ or licensors may contact you in relation to, amongst other things, related goods and services that you may be interested in.
You acknowledge and agree that your personal data may be hosted and/or transferred to third parties, such as other entities owned by or related to us, entities that we cooperate with, or in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets both within and outside the United States.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
To comply with regulations, laws or any authority requests, we may disclose your information to authorities or other officials, without your prior consent.
How Your Information Is Shared
People use our Service to connect and share with others. We make this possible by sharing your information in the following ways:
People you share and communicate with on our Service. You may adjust your privacy settings to control who you share and communicate with publically and on this Service. In some cases, people you share and communicate with may download or re-share this content with others on and off our Services. When you communicate with another person on this Service, that person decides the audience who can see the communication.
People that see content others share about you. Other people may use our Service to share content about you with the audience they choose. If you have concerns with someone's post, social reporting is a way for people to quickly and easily ask for help from someone they trust.
Apps, websites and third-party integrations on or using our Service. When you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share. In addition, when you download or use such third-party services, they can access your public information. Information collected by these apps, websites or integrated services is subject to their own terms and policies.
New owner. If the ownership or control of all or part of our Service or their assets changes, whether by merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of FishAngler's assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Sharing for Oceanographic Research. We may share information about users' fish species catch data, or "user catch data" with geographic coordinates or other location-based information anonymously to Federal and State government organizations or non-profit organizations for the benefit of the Fisheries and Aquatic Conservation Program and other oceanographic research.
Sharing With Third-Party Partners and Customers. We may work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our Service or who use advertising or related products, which makes it possible to operate our company.
Vendors, service providers and other partners. We may transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Service is used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Service,
https://fishangler.com/terms
, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of FishAngler, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
You understand that through your use of the Service you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in this Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by us. As part of providing you the Service, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Service and your account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.
Automatic Data Collection Technologies
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized service. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Service.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Service. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Service and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Service are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Service and accessing your account profile.
You may also send us an e-mail at privacy_report@fishangler.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Service, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Service users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Service, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Service
https://fishangler.com/terms.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section ยง 1798.83 permits users of our Service that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy_report@fishangler.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Service like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Service.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Service. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the e-mail address specified in your account or through a notice on the Service home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Service and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at privacy_report@fishangler.com.