Privacy Policy
The Liquor Cabinet Ltd. (“
Company
” or “
We
”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you download, register with, access or use The Liquor Cabinet Mobile App (the “
App
”).
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect in this App and in e-mail and other electronic communications sent in connection with the App.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with or use this App. By downloading, registering with or using this App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We collect information from and about users of our App directly from you when you provide it to us or automatically when you use the App.
Information You Provide to Us
.
When you download, register with or use this App, we may ask you to provide information by which you may be personally identified, such as your Facebook profile, name, postal address, e-mail address, birthdate, occupation or telephone number (“
personal information
”).  This information includes information that you provide by filling in forms in the App or information provided at the time of registering to use the App. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with the App.
Automatic Information Collection and Tracking
.
When you download, access and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect:
Usage Details.
When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App, including traffic data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App.
Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device’s unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information and the device’s telephone number.
Stored Information and Files.
The App also may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information.
If you do not want us to collect this information, do not download the App or delete it from your device.
Information Collection and Tracking Technologies
.
The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
Cookies (or mobile cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your smartphone. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App.
Web Beacons.
Pages of the App and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us or fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to, estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests or speed up your searches.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of The Liquor Cabinet Ltd.’s assets in which personal information held by The Liquor Cabinet Ltd. about our App users is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Liquor Cabinet Ltd., our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Choices about Our Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of over your information.
Tracking Technologies.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, some parts of the App may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotion by the Company.
If you do not want us to use your e-mail address to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email to info@theliquorcabinet.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to info@theliquorcabinet.com.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
Persons Under the Age of 21
Our App is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from, anyone under the age of 21. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from anyone under the age of 21, we will delete that information.  If you believe we might have any information from or about anyone under the age of 21, please contact us at info@theliquorcabinet.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page and notify you by e-mail.  The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at info@theliquorcabinet.com.