Website and Applications Privacy and Cookies Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to The Chairman’s Bao
®
, hereinafter referred to as TCB. This Privacy Policy document outlines what types of personal information is received and collected by TCB and how it is used. The term ‘TCB’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to The Chairman’s Bao Ltd., as a company registered in the UK and governed by UK law, company number 09222815. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our Website and Mobile Application.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
contact@thechairmansbao.com
.
Introduction
This is the Privacy (and cookies) Policy for our Website and Mobile Application. The Website is operated, and the Application is provided, by TCB. For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, we are the data controller.
We are committed to protecting your privacy online. We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately. Here we explain how we collect information; what we do with it and what controls you have.
By using this Website and Mobile Application, you consent to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time by changing it on the Website, or by updating the Application. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 19
th
January 2023.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information (such as your name, email address and postal address) that you provide by completing forms on this Website and Mobile Application, including if you register as a user of this Website and Mobile Application, subscribe to any service, upload or submit any material via this Website and Mobile Application, request any information, or enter into any competition or promotion we may sponsor;
In connection with an account sign-in facility, your log-in and password details;
Details of any transactions made by you through this Website and Mobile Application;
Communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding this Website and Mobile Application or their content;
Information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on this Website and Mobile Application for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in them;
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general enquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
We may, from time to time, run referral programmes or similar initiatives, such as a ‘Tell a Friend’ Programme, that invite you to provide us with the contact details of someone who is known to you who may find our products or services to be of interest. We will only use those contact details for the purpose of the relevant initiative (and not for general marketing purposes). By providing us with their details, you confirm that you have their permission to do so and must not provide us with the details of anyone from whom you do not have such permission. We reserve the right to identify you as the person who has made the referral in the message that is sent.
Uses made of Institutional (TCB Classroom) account holder information
Definition of data. Data include all Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and other non-public information. Data include, but are not limited to, student data, metadata, and user content.
Data de-identification. TCB may use de-identified Data for product development, research, or other purposes. De‐identified Data will have all direct and indirect personal identifiers removed. This includes, but is not limited to, name, ID numbers, date of birth, demographic information, location information, and school ID. Furthermore, TCB agrees not to attempt to re-identify de-identified Data and not to transfer de-identified Data to any party unless that party agrees not to attempt re-identification.
Marketing and advertising. TCB will not use any Data to advertise or market to students or their parents. Advertising or marketing may be directed to the School/District only if student information is properly de‐identified.
Modification of Privacy Policy. TCB will not change how Data are collected, used, or shared under the terms of this Agreement in any way without advance notice to and consent from the School/District.
Data collection. TCB will only collect Data necessary to fulfil its duties as outlined in this Agreement.
Data use. TCB will use Data only for the purpose of fulfilling its duties and providing services under this Agreement, and for improving services under this Agreement.
Data mining. TCB is prohibited from mining Data for any purposes other than those agreed to by the parties. Data mining or scanning of user content for the purpose of advertising or marketing to students or their parents is prohibited.
Data sharing. Data cannot be shared with any additional parties without prior written consent of the User except as required by law.
Rights and license in and to data. TCB and School/District agree that all rights, including all intellectual property rights, shall remain the exclusive property of the School/District and TCB has a limited, nonexclusive license solely for the purpose of performing its obligations as outlined in the Agreement. This Agreement does not give TCB any rights, implied or otherwise, to Data, content, or intellectual property, except as expressly stated in the Agreement. This includes the right to sell or trade Data.
Access. Any Data held by TCB will be made available to the School/District upon request by the School/District.
Security controls. TCB will store and process Data in accordance with industry best practices. This includes appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to secure Data from unauthorized access, disclosure, and use. TCB will conduct periodic risk assessments and remediate any identified security vulnerabilities in a timely manner. TCB will also have a written incident response plan, to include prompt notification of the School/District in the event of a security or privacy incident, as well as best practices for responding to a breach of PII. TCB agrees to share its incident response plan upon request.
Parents can request the deletion of student data. A request should be sent to
contact@thechairmansbao.com
and will be handled within 48 hours.
Uses made of individual account holder information
We will use the information you provide to:
Enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through this Website and Mobile Application and which you request;
Administer your account with us;
Verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make for our services online;
Audit the downloading of data from this Website and Mobile Application;
Improve the layout and/or content of the pages of this Website and Mobile Application and customise them for users;
Identify visitors to this Website and Mobile Application;
Carry out research on our users’ demographics and tracking of sales data;
Send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including our newsletter and information about our products and services (or those of carefully selected third parties), provided you have indicated that you do not object to being contacted for these purposes;
You can tell us not to contact you with information regarding our products and services through email at
contact@thechairmansbao.com
.
Information sharing
We may disclose aggregate statistics about visitors to this Website and Mobile Application, customers and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers, sponsors and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no personally identifiable information.
We may disclose your personal information to any of our affiliates, or to our agents or contractors who assist us in providing the services we offer through this Website and Mobile Application, processing transactions, fulfilling requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analysing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from time to time. Our agents and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
In the event that we undergo re-organisation or are sold to a third party, you agree that any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party.
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or cyber-crime or to protect this Website and Mobile Application or the rights, property or personal safety of any person.
Child safety
Protecting the safety of children when they use the Internet is very important to us. We recommend that children receive permission from their parent or guardian before gaining access to this Website and Mobile Application or sending personal information to us or anyone else online.
External links
This Website and Mobile Application may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the Privacy Policies or the content of such sites.
Security
We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. For example, our Privacy Policy is periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to personal information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via this Website or Mobile Application while it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
It is advisable to close your browser and log out when you have finished your user session to help ensure others do not access your personal information if you use a shared computer or a computer in a public place.
Storage of your information
Information that you submit via this Website and Mobile Application is sent to and stored on secure servers located worldwide. This is necessary in order to process the information. Information submitted by you may be transferred by us to our other offices and/or to the third parties mentioned in the circumstances described above (see Information Sharing).
Your rights
You have a legal right under the Data Protection Act 2018 to a copy of all the personal information about you held by us. On request, we will provide you with a copy of this information. You also have a right to correct any errors in that information. As mentioned above, you have a right to prevent the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Contacting us
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this Privacy Policy or any requests concerning your personal data by email to
contact@thechairmansbao.com
.
Cookies
TCB uses cookies.
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Although they do identify a user’s computer, cookies do not personally identify users. Cookies are specific to the server that created them and cannot be accessed by other servers, which means they cannot be used to track your movements around the internet. It is important to understand that any of our current or future partners or third party vendors may also employ them.
Cookies used by TCB, our partners or third party vendors. Cookies are used online to:
Remember that you have visited the Websites and Mobile Applications before, this means the organisation using cookies can identify the number of unique visitors they receive. This allows them to make sure they have enough capacity for the number of users that they receive;
Customise elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of their Websites and Mobile Applications;
Collect anonymous statistical information about how you use their Websites and Mobile Applications, including how long you spend using their services and where you have come to their Websites and Mobile Applications from. This allows them to improve their services and learn which parts of their Websites and Mobile Applications and which functions of are most popular with users;
Gather information about the pages on their Websites and Mobile Applications that you visit and the functions that you use, and also other information about other Websites and Mobile Applications that you visit, so as to place you in a “market segment”.
This information is only collected by reference to the IP address that you are using, but does include information about the county and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider.
This information is then used to place interest-based advertisements on their Websites and Mobile Applications which are believed to be relevant to your “market segment”.
Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org
, which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser or mobile device. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used on this Website and Mobile Application you may not be able to take full advantage of this Website and Mobile Application (as the case may be).
In addition to cookies, tracking Gifs may be employed by our partners or other third parties in respect of your use of their Websites and Mobile Applications. Tracking Gifs are small image files within the content of Websites and Mobile Applications or the body of their newsletters so that they can understand which parts of the Websites and Mobile Applications are visited and which functions of the Websites and Mobile Applications are used and whether particular content is of interest.
Users can at any time request that any data held on them be deleted. Please email our team at
contact@thechairmansbao.com
.
(App’s) use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.