VuMedi Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 30th, 2024
Version 2.0
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by VuMedi, Inc.
        (“VuMedi”). VuMedi is designed for practicing physicians, fellows, residents, and members of the allied
        health community. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website, mobile
        application, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise
        interact with us.
Please see our
Privacy Snapshot
for a high-level overview of our privacy practices.
        We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the
        date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a
        statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy
        whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information
        practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect
        information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form,
        apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise
        communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal
        address, phone number, fax number, specialty and sub-specialty, workplace information, and any other
        information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services.
When you access or use our Services,
        we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:
We collect log information about your use of the Services, including content you
          view, the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, impressions shown,
          and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information:
We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access
          our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers
          and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We and our service
          providers use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons.
          Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our
          Services and your experience, identify your current working session, see which areas and features of
          our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our
          Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign
          effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “
Your
          Choices
” below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through
        our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited
        to analytics services and mailing list providers. If you follow us through a social media site, we will have
        access to certain information from that site, such as your name and account information, in accordance with
        the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by
          VuMedi and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the
          rights and property of VuMedi and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user
          profiles or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs, confirm your
          identity, and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Disclosure of Information by VuMedi
We may disclose information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
To vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out
          work on our behalf;
To other users of the Services when you post or upload content in a publicly-accessible area of the Services;
To our current or prospective advertisers, sponsors, and other business partners. This may include
          your name, your specialty, and/or some information so that the advertiser may evaluate your
          engagement as well as the performance of its campaign.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required
          by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the
          rights, property and safety of VuMedi or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or
          acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among VuMedi and its current and future affiliates, including parent companies,
          subsidiaries and other companies controlling, controlled by or under common control and ownership;
          and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also disclose aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Disclosure of Information by Users
You may disclose information on VuMedi by publishing content through the Services, as well as by
        interacting with the content and the VuMedi user community.
In addition, the Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook
        “Like” button). Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public,
        depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more
        information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing
        features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Job Applicants
When you visit the “Careers” portion of our websites, we collect the information that you provide to us in
        connection with your job application. This includes business and personal contact information, professional
        credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information of the type that may be included in
        a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We use this information
        to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications, such as by evaluating a job
        candidate for an employment activity, to monitor recruitment statistics, and to respond to surveys. We may
        also use this information (a) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on
        us; (b) to protect and defend our or others’ rights or property; (c) in connection with a legal investigation;
        and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy
        Policy, or our Terms of Use.
Security
VuMedi takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and
        unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
VuMedi is based in the United States and the information we collect from you is governed by U.S. law and
        not by laws of other countries. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us,
        you acknowledge that we process your information in the U.S. and other countries.
Your Choices
Account Information.
You may update, correct, or delete information about you at any time by logging into
        your online account or emailing us at
contact@vumedi.com
. If you wish to deactivate your account, please
        email us at
contact@vumedi.com
, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for
        legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a
        certain period of time.
Promotional Communications.
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages from
        VuMedi by emailing us at
privacy@vumedi.com
. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional
        communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts.
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push
        notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the
        notification settings on your mobile device.
Personal Information Requests.
Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our
        Services, you may request the following in relation to personal information:
Information
about how we have collected and used personal information. We have made this
          information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we
          will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Opt out
of the sale of personal information. While we do not sell personal information in the
          traditional sense, we disclose personal information to third-party business partners, which may
          qualify as a “sale” under certain privacy laws. To opt out of this type of data sharing, please visit
Your Privacy Choices
.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the Services or for other lawful
          purposes.
To make a request, please email us at
privacy@vumedi.com
or visitor write to us as provided in the “
Contact
        Us
” section below. We may ask for specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. You are
        entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. You may be able to designate an
        “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their
        identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws.
Your choices may be limited by applicable law, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights
        of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal
        obligations and enforce our legal rights.
Online Tracking Opt-Out.
Here are some of the ways you can limit online tracking:
Block Cookies.
Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions
          in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.
          Use the following links to learn more about how to control cookies and online tracking through your
          browser:
Firefox
;
Chrome
;
Microsoft Edge
;
Safari
Use Privacy Plug-ins or Browsers.
You can block our Services from setting cookies by using a
          browser with privacy features, like
Brave
, or installing browser plugins like
Privacy Badger
,
DuckDuckGo
or
uBlock Origin
, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.
Google Analytics.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how users use our
          Services. For more information on Google Analytics, click
here
. For more information about
          Google’s privacy practices, click here. You can opt out of Google Analytics by downloading and
          installing the browser plug-in available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
These opt-out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are used. You will need to opt
        out on every browser and device that you use.
Do Not Track.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online
        services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more
        about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Links to Other Websites
The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us. The information that you
        share with these third-party sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the
        third-party sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or
        have reviewed these sites. Please contact the third-party sites directly for information on their privacy
        practices and policies.
Retention
We keep personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy
        Policy, while we have a business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g., for tax, legal, accounting, or other
        purposes), whichever is longer.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
555 12th Street, Suite 1775
Oakland, CA 94607
privacy@vumedi.com
Privacy Snapshot
Here is a high-level snapshot of our privacy practices, but you need to read the entire Privacy Policy for
        complete information.
Data Category Collected
How We Collect
Primary Purposes of Processing
Key Disclosures
Can You Limit Sharing?
Identifiers such as a real name, Internet Protocol address, or email address
When you use our Services
To operate our Services, and for marketing purposes
Service providers
No
Business partners
Yes
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records Statute (e.g., name, contact details)
When you use our Services
To operate our Services, and for marketing purposes
Service providers
No
Business partners
Yes
Commercial information, including consuming histories
When you use our Services
To operate our Services, and for marketing purposes
Service providers
No
Business partners
Yes
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing and search history
When you use our Services
To operate our Services, and for marketing purposes
Service providers
No
Business partners
Yes
Geolocation data
When you use our Services
To operate our Services, and for marketing purposes
Service providers
No
Visual information
When you upload a video on our Services
To operate our Services
Service providers
No
Professional or employment-related information
When you apply for a job with us
To provide our Services, and to comply with law
Service providers
No
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.vumedi.com/public/pages/privacy-choices/:
Your Privacy Choices
While we do not sell personal information in the traditional sense, we disclose personal information to third-party business partners,
          which may qualify as a “sale” under certain privacy laws. Depending on your location, you may have the right to opt out of this type of sharing.
If we cannot process your request, we will let you know and explain our decision.
After we process your request, we will no longer disclose your personal information to our third-party business partners for those partners’
          own purposes unrelated to providing services to or on behalf of VuMedi. For more information, view our
Privacy Policy
.
Please note that this submission does not unsubscribe you which can be done from the links at the end of each email you receive,
          or by managing email preferences in your profile under
Subscriptions page
.
Opting Out User
Myself
Another person
If you are submitting this request for another person, you affirm that you are their authorized agent for which we will require proof of authorization.
Submitter's First Name
Submitter's Last Name
Submitter's Email Address
Opting Out User's US State of Residence
---------
Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
United States Virgin Islands
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Opting Out User Email Address (if applicable)
Submit
Sub-policy 1
https://www.eff.org/privacybadger:
Skip to main content
About
Contact
Press
People
Opportunities
Issues
Free Speech
Privacy
Creativity and Innovation
Transparency
International
Security
Our Work
Deeplinks Blog
Press Releases
Events
Legal Cases
Whitepapers
Podcast
Annual Reports
Take Action
Action Center
Electronic Frontier Alliance
Volunteer
Tools
Privacy Badger
Surveillance Self-Defense
Certbot
Atlas of Surveillance
Cover Your Tracks
Street Level Surveillance
apkeep
Donate
Donate to EFF
Giving Societies
Shop
Org. Membership
Other Ways to Give
Membership FAQ
Donate
Donate to EFF
Shop
Other Ways to Give
Search form
Search
Email updates on news, actions,
and events in your area.
Join EFF Lists
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Donate
EFFecting Change Livestream Series: Is There Hope for Social Media?
Privacy Badger
PAGE
Privacy Badger
Privacy Badger
is an install-and-forget browser add-on that stops advertisers and trackers from secretly tracking where you go and what pages you look at on the web. If an advertiser or other third party seems to be tracking you across multiple websites without your permission, Privacy Badger automatically blocks them from loading any more content in your browser.
visit Privacy Badger
Learn more, download and install from privacybadger.org
Back to top
Check out our 4-star rating on
Charity Navigator
.
JavaScript license information