As a data controller, Mr Oil respects your privacy and is committed to handling your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988, 2003, The General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and all other applicable legislation.
Your personal information is collected when:
You register as a user of our website.
You place an order via our website.
You enter a competition promoted by us.
You access or engage with our customer services team.
You register as a Smart Saver on our website.
The information collected by us will include your name and address, eircode, telephone number, email address and registration details. We collect this information so that we may fulfil your order and supply you with the goods that you require.  You may update this data at any time when you access our website.
Your personal information will only be used for the following purposes:
To process your order/smart saver
To respond to any queries or requests that you may have.
To correspond with you if there are any problems processing your order/smart saver.
If you consent to receiving details of promotional offers that may be of interest to you.
We will not disclose your Personal data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order/smart saver e.g. to deliver your order or where it is necessary for our service providers to provide us with support services. In these circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements.
Your personal information may be passed to a third party if you breach this privacy policy or the Terms and Conditions of our website. We may also be required by the law or any Government body to provide them with your personal information.
We do not transfer your data outside of the EU.
We may analyse your information using automated means to:
Help us understand your needs and improve our service to you
To help us offer you products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We do not collect your credit card or banking details. Online payments are handled by Global Payments Inc. and Realex.  Please refer to
www.globalpaymentsinc.com
and
www.realex.com/ie
to view details of their privacy and security policies.
Our use of Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are created and stored on your computer, smart phone or tablet when you enter a website. On Mr Oil website, we use cookies to improve and speed up your browsing experience by remembering if you have visited our website before. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of cookies.  However, you may be unable to access parts of our website if you do this.  If you do not adjust your browser settings in this way, you are deemed to have consented to the use of cookies by using our website.
To protect your personal information we have implemented physical, electronic and managerial procedures so that access to your personal information is limited to those personnel who specifically require it to process your order. Certain areas of our website may encrypt data using SSL encryption technology.
You may at any time
have a copy of the information that we hold about you
have inaccurate or incomplete information corrected and updated
object to a particular use of your information
in certain circumstances, have your information deleted or its use restricted
exercise your right to data portability
withdraw your consent where processing is based on consent
If you wish to exercise any of your data rights you can contact us by emailing info@mroil.ie
If you have any questions about how we use your information, you can contact us at info@mroil.ie or phone 0539240534.