Last updated August 5, 2021
Fox Cub (“Fox Cub”, “us” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Fox Cub manages, collects, stores and uses the information you provide in connection with any Fox Cub game or application (“Service”).
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Policy will not apply retrospectively and will become effective no earlier than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service. If you use our Service after we have updated this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge that you have read the updated terms and consent to our revised privacy practices..
Collecting and using information
Fox Cub collects information each time you use the Service. The information we collect may include actions that you take within the Service, and actions that that you take through the Service via other media (Facebook, Twitter, Email, SMS). This information is typically used to improve the performance of the Service, improve your experience with the Service, offer you additional products or services, or help Fox Cub stay a profitable business .
The Service may integrate into a social network (e.g. Facebook). If you use the Service through a social network , you are authorizing Fox Cub to collect, store and use that information in accordance with this privacy policy. Personal information collected through a social network may include your name, gender, birthday, login email, and social network id number. You can control the information that Fox Cub may collect through the settings of the social networks that the Service integrates with.
Protecting your information
Fox Cub implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. All records, details and information the user provides are secured according to the policy of Facebook or any other platform Fox Cub uses.
Data Deletion
If you would like your data deleted, please email
data_deletion@foxcubgames.com
.
Disclosure of information to third parties
Fox Cub does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing Services to you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children Under 13 Years of Age
Fox Cub’s Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at slotsvacation@foxcubgames.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information.
Third party links
Occasionally, Fox Cub may include or offer third party products or services. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.