Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our apps or website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your e-mail address. Some apps or services may acquire your location data, but this data is obtained after a clear explanation and your consent to start using it.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used of the following ways:
- to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs),
- to show data on your device, record sport activities and calculate sport parameters, support ads.
Usage of location data
Certain apps and services may use your location to record sport activities, show data on map and device, calculate sport parameters and support ads. This data is obtained after a clear explanation and your consent to start using it in each application separately.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We generally do not use cookies, but we do work with trusted third-party companies (such as Google, Apple, Meta, Samsung, etc.) to display ads or use other services on our apps or websites. These companies, based on appropriate consents, may process data and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers and other device data) to deliver ads and other services.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website and apps, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our apps and site policies or protect ours or others rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor/users information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website and apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our apps and website and not to information collected offline.
Data deletion
Please send an email to
help@examobile.pl
to request deletion of your data.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
help@examobile.pl
https://examobile.pl
Examobile S.A.
ul. Kustronia 40
Bielsko Biala, Slask 43-300
Poland