Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 1, 201
6
Last Updated Date:
December 1, 201
6
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Stationhead End User
            License Agreement and Terms of Use
https://s3.amazonaws.com/stationhead-static/terms.html
(the “
EULA
”).  All other
            terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meanings set forth in the EULA.  The terms
            “
Stationhead
,” “
we
,” “
us
,
” and “
our
” include Stationhead, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries.  This Privacy Policy
            applies to our LRI website (“
Site
”), related
            mobile application (“
App
”) and any other online
            services or properties owned or controlled by Stationhead (collectively, the “
Service
”). This Privacy Policy explains how Stationhead may
            collect, use, and disclose information we obtain through the Service.  All other terms not defined
            herein will have the meanings set forth in the EULA.
WHEN STATIONHEAD COLLECTS YOUR INFORMATION
Registration.
You must register to use the Service.
             To register, you may need to provide certain information, such as your Spotify credentials.  You
            may also provide other optional information.
Using the Service.
We collect information about your
            use of the Service.  For example, we collect the information you post to the Service, including any
            information included in those posts.
Customer Support.
We may collect information about you
            through your communications with our customer-support team.
Information from Third Parties.
We may collect
            information about you from third parties, such as other users who post information about you on the Service.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies.
The Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it,
            including your preferences and anonymous usage statistics.
When you visit the Service, we and our third-party service providers receive and
            record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and from cookies and
            similar technology.  Our service providers may collect information about your online activities over
            time and across different online services. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer browser when
            you visit a website.  Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.  However, if you do
            that, then the Service may not work properly.
By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data
            related to the provision of the Service.
HOW STATIONHEAD USES YOUR INFORMATION
Internal and Service-Related Usage.
We use information,
            including unique identifiers and your location for internal and service-related purposes, such as data
            analytics, and may share this information with service providers to allow us to provide, maintain, and
            improve the Service.
Communications.
We may send email to the email address
            you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account
            management, customer service, or system maintenance.
Aggregate Data.
We may anonymize and aggregate data
            collected through the Service and use it for any purpose.
STATIONHEAD MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any
            information that we receive through the Service with vendors and service providers retained in connection
            with the provision of the Service, including for data analytics purposes.  One of the service providers
            that we use for data analytics is Google Analytics. If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use
            information about your use of the Services, then you can install an opt-out in your web browser
            (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
).
Social Networking and Other Websites.
The Service
            allows you to share information with social networking websites, such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
             We do not share your information with these sites unless you direct the Service to do so.  Their
            use of any information that you share with them will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be
            able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.
Displaying to Other Users.
The content you post to the
            Service may be displayed on the Service.  Other users of the Service may be able to see some
            information about you, such as profile picture and comments.  We are not responsible for privacy
            practices of the other users who will view and use the posted information.
Social Networking and Other Websites.
The Service
            allows you to share information with social networking websites, such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
             We do not share your information with these sites unless you direct the Service to do so.  Their
            use of any information that you share with them will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be
            able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.
Search Engines.
Information about you, such as your
            station may also be accessible via search engines or similar services.  You may be able to keep some of
            your information private by adjusting your privacy settings.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures
.  We may
            access, preserve, and disclose your information and/or other account information or content if we believe
            doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as
            a court order or subpoena; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy, our EULA, or other agreements; (iii) respond to
            your requests; or (iv) protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are
            involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale
            of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as
            part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.  The use of your information following
            any of the foregoing events will be governed by the provisions of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time
            Stationhead collected such information.
With Your Consent.
We may also disclose your information
            with your permission.
CHOICES YOU HAVE WITH YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information.
Through your account settings, you
            can update some of your personal information, such as your name, photo, and email address.  You can
            also contact us at anytime at
info@stationhead.com
to update your
            information or request that your account and associated information be deleted.
Opt-out.
You can unsubscribe from promotional emails
            from us via the unsubscribe link provided in the email.  Even if you opt out from receiving promotional
            messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance
            with this Privacy Policy.  Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we
            cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
DO NOT TRACK
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature. Because there is
            not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently
            respond to such signals.
By using the Service or providing information to us, you agree that we may
            communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your
            use of the Service.  If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you
            electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an e-mail to you.  You may have a legal
            right to receive this notice in writing.  To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to
            withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at
info@stationhead.com
.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information, as defined by the
            Federal Trade Commission’s Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) Rule,
            from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13.
             If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may
            alert us at
info@stationhead.com
.
If we learn that we have collected any personal information from
            children under 13, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the
            child’s account.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
If you visit the Service from the European Union or other regions with laws governing
            data collection and use, then please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the
            United States and processing globally. By providing your information to the Service, you consent to any
            transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
We will post any
            adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and update the “Effective Date” above.
             If you are concerned about how your information is used, then bookmark this page and read this Privacy
            Policy periodically.  Your continued use of the Service after changes to the Privacy Policy constitutes
            your acceptance of the new terms of the Privacy Policy.
New Uses of Information.
From time-to-time, we may
            desire to use information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy.  If our practices
            change regarding previously collected information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than
            stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, then we
            will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by
            law.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Stationhead, Inc.
340 E. 23rd Street, Suite 4L
New York, NY 10010
info@stationhead.com