Privacy Policy
Muso Games website is owned by Sergio Musoles Tornador, which is a data controller of your personal data.
We have adopted this Privacy Policy, which determines how we are processing the information collected by Muso Games, which also provides the reasons why we must collect certain personal data about you. Therefore, you must read this Privacy Policy before using Muso Games website.
We take care of your personal data and undertake to guarantee its confidentiality and security.
All app and games are safe for kids and parents:
Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it. For additional details please refer also to our Data Policy.
Personal information we collect:
When you visit the Muso Games, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the installed cookies on your device.
In our ad-supported apps we use the IP address and mobile advertising ID of your device in order to show non-personalized ads. Please refer to our Data Policy for details, including how to opt out of such usage.
Why do we process your data?
Our top priority is customer data security, and, as such, we may process only minimal user data, only as much as it is absolutely necessary to maintain the website. Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding website usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that it would identify any particular user of the system.
You can visit the website without telling us who you are or revealing any information, by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the website’s features, or you wish to receive our newsletter or provide other details by filling a form, you may provide personal data to us, such as your email, first name and last name. You can choose not to provide us with your personal data, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the website’s features. For example, you won’t be able to contact us directly from the website. Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us via
smtmuso@gmail.com
.
Our apps and websites may collect anonymous usage information to help improve the quality of our services and applications.
Data retention:
We do not retain any information, maybe the username chosen in a game, and this information will never be shared with anyone else. If you want us to remove your username from our database, send us an email with the username.
Using photos in apps:
In all applications that use user photos during use, no information or data from the photos is saved or shared with any third-party application.
Age limitations:
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years of age. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at
smtmuso@gmail.com
so that we may rectify the situation.
In-app purchases:
Our apps may contain in-app purchases (IAP’s).
Internet permissions:
Our apps may require internet permissions, for the purpose of providing links to the app store entry of our products and to collect anonymous usage information (see above).
Advertising:
Some of our apps contain third-party advertising. We may occasionally promote other products of our own within our apps. We may occasionally cross-promote the products of other affiliated developers that offer similar products and share similar values as expressed on their own published privacy policies.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for such other websites or third parties' privacy practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and read the privacy statements of each website that may collect personal information.
Information security:
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We keep reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and personal data disclosure in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed.
Contact information:
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may send an email to
smtmuso@gmail.com
.
Changes to our privacy policy:
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
Last updated:
The Privacy Policy was last updated on 09/11/2023 (dd/mm/yyyy).