Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 26, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures
on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service
and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the
Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have
meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions
shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in
plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded
     by You on any electronic device, named
ProMovie Recorder
.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We",
     "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to
Panda Apps Limited
.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a
     computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or
     identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Application.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
     use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
     the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the
     company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is
     accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us
with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact
You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
(optional, if You send Us
     feedback in the Application)
Usage Data (if You send Us feedback in the Application)
Usage Data
When You access the Service by or through a mobile
device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
limited to, the type of mobile device You use,
the version of
Your mobile operating system and other diagnostic data.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following
purposes:
To contact
     You:
To contact You by email.
To manage
     Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For other
     purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes,
     such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the
     effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our
     Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following
situations:
With Service
     Providers:
We may share Your personal information with
     Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to
     contact You.
With Your
     consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any
     other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as
long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will
retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our
legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to
comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed
at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties
involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be
transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state,
province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your
submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to
ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy
Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization
or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security
of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required
to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to
valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a
     legal obligation
Protect and
     defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or
     investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the
     personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect
     against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us,
but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially
acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its
absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone
under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that
Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become
aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13
without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that
information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for
processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We
may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are
not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to
that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of
every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for
the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or
services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We
will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy
periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when
they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You
can contact us:
By
     email: support@
ProMovieApp
.com