Skip to main content
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Close Search
This privacy policy explains how we use your data to deliver our healthcare applications and services. We explain what information we collect when you visit our website or use our products, why we need certain information from you, what we do with it, and how we keep it secure.
Last updated: 19 Dec, 2023
Who we are
patientMpower designs and develops services and applications for patients with chronic diseases, such as lung disease, kidney disease and cardiovascular disease. We empower users to manage their health at home and improve their health outcomes. Patient’s health data can be seen immediately by their care team in a secure patient data portal. Healthcare staff can then make informed decisions about the ongoing care needs of patients being monitored.
We are a company incorporated in Ireland under registration number 563516.
You can contact us at our main business address: patientMpower, 10/13 Thomas Street, The Digital Hub, Dublin 8, D08 PX8H, Ireland, or via
www.patientmpower.com
.
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted via
dataprotection@patientmpower.com
, or by post at the address above. Our Data Protection Officer is Oisin Hayes.
Our values
We believe that making data more easily available to patients will improve healthcare, but we are also aware that data needs to be handled securely and transparently. We believe you should own your own data and should have the choice about who has access to your data or who you consent to view the data. patientMpower respects your right to data protection and to privacy. This Data Protection Notice explains how we collect, transfer, store, and use your data.
Updates and changes to this privacy policy
As part of our ethos of continuous improvement, this Data Protection Notice and any associated policies or procedures may be changed in the future. If we make changes we will provide notice of any proposed changes at least thirty (30) days before they come into effect. You are free to stop using our apps and services at any time but we would recommend that any decision be taken in consultation with your healthcare provider.
What we do
patientMpower provides smartphone applications and associated equipment and clinical patient management and reporting portals that enable clinicians to provide appropriate care through telemedicine and allow patients to manage and monitor their condition themselves without losing the necessary contact with and support of their healthcare providers.
patientMpower provides smartphone applications, related equipment, and clinical management and reporting portals. These tools enable clinicians to deliver care via telemedicine, while allowing patients to manage and monitor their condition without losing vital contact and support from their healthcare providers.
We use your health and medical information to offer you a healthcare service, whether it’s for keeping a personal diary or sharing your data with your healthcare provider for remote monitoring. We only collect information that’s relevant for improving the delivery of care, enhancing our apps and services, and evaluating remote patient monitoring.
patientMpower acts as a Data Processor on behalf of healthcare providers when delivering these services and applications. We also process data for product and service improvement, as well as for research and development. In these cases, the data is de-identified and anonymised.
In some instances, we act as a Data Controller, such as when you’re logging data in a personal health diary or using our services or applications in that way. We also act as a Data Controller for a few specific studies and legacy projects.
How we obtain your data
When you use our services and apps, we collect information about your health. This information can be manually entered by you or be collected automatically from your smartphone and/or connected health device. Other health information may come from third parties, such as your healthcare provider or other health partners.
If you choose to use a Google account or other social media account to complete the sign-up process for one of our applications, we are authorised to collect, store, and use any information that you have agreed to let these sites or services share with us. This may include your name, email address, profile picture, or other details.
When you use our services or apps, you may have the option to link other third-party services with your account. Examples of these services may include Apple Health, Fitbit, etc. If you choose to do this, you are authorising patientMpower to collect, store, and use information that you agreed these sites may share with us through their API.
Please note that using third party services to facilitate login or to capture or provide data to the patientMpower application can identify to those services that you are a user of a telemedicine application. You should check the data protection or privacy terms of the service you are using to find out what that data may be used for by that third party service.
Summary:
We obtain your personal data in one or more of the following ways:
You directly provide it to us by manually inputting it into the app (example: your name, survey responses, health result data, demographic data, information on health condition, medications, support requests or correspondence)
You authorise a third party to provide it to us (example: your healthcare provider sends medical results to you via the patientMpower application, you register using your social media account, or you connect to other apps or services such as Apple Health Kit)
We automatically record it from your device, depending on the enabled features (example: data collected on smartphone or via a connected sensor, step counts from accelerometers, location information)
What data we hold
The specific types of personal data we process about you may vary depending on the specific patientMpower app you are using or the specifics of the treatment regime being applied. Examples or descriptions of categories of data provided here are not exhaustive and are for information purposes. Supplemental information will be provided to users for specific application contexts where necessary.
Category
Example/Description
Source
Identity Information
First Name
Last Name
Email address
Directly Provided
Demographic Information
Gender
Ethnicity (required for calculations for spirometry volumes, kidney function, and other similar purposes).
Date of Birth(where relevant / necessary)
Directly Provided
Health Result Data
Blood pressure
Weight
Medication Usage
Test results
Height
Heart rate
Directly Provided
[may be obtained from third party apps]
Blood Pressure Readings
Spirometry readings
Pulse oximetry readings
Automatically recorded or Directly Provided
Health Condition & Symptom Data
Symptom logging
Photographs related to health or symptoms (e.g. skin rash)
Directly Provided
Medication Information
Details of medications being taken to treat condition
Directly Provided
Survey Responses
Depending on the needs of healthcare providers, surveys can be developed and introduced into applications.
Directly Provided
Healthcare provider submitted data
Patient Identifier (where necessary to associate with clinical systems)
Test results
Authorised Third Party
Location
Used to associate air quality data to the user when activated and opted-in.
Used as part of the pairing process with Bluetooth devices
Automatically recorded
Activity Data
Step count via accelerometer
Interaction with patientMpower application (to ensure timely prompts etc.)
Data obtained via integration with 3rd party services such as Fitbit, Apple Health, or Google Fit
6MWT, Exertion Test, and 1MSTS related data
Automatically recorded
Technical Data
[This is indirectly personal data as it can be associated to an app user or device]
Device type, operating system
Features used in application
Logs of date/time of interaction
Details of app crashes or failures
Automatically recorded
Permissions Requested by the patientMpower App
Depending on the version of the patientMpower app you are using different permissions may be asked for to access features or functionality on your device or from 3rd party services.
Permission
Purpose
Remote Push Notifications
This allows our app to send you push notifications using third party services (Mixpanel and Airship). The reason we need to do this is to send you prompts associated with your care and with the correct use of the app and any devices that might be connected with it (e.g. a spirometer).
Access Bluetooth when in use
This is necessary to allow connection to Bluetooth enabled medical devices such as Pulse Oximeters, Spirometers, or Blood Pressure monitors.
Apple HealthKit (Read & Write)
This allows patientMpower to read or write data to or from Apple Health and allows us to obtain data from other health devices connected to Apple Health (for example a Apple Health connected thermometer or smart watch).
Google Fit
Some versions of our app enable users to connect to Google Fit to allow access to data from fitness trackers or smartwatches connected to Google Fit. This data is used to derive data about patient well being and quality of life as part of post-discharge treatment protocols defined by our clinical customers
Fitbit
Some versions of our app enable users to connect to Fitbit. This allows access to data logged using a Fitbit smartwatch to provide data on patient health and key metrics related to their care.
Location When In Use
In some versions of our app the user’s location is logged when they are using the app. This data is used for purposes including assessing air quality implications for patients with CF or lung transplant as part of clinical care.
Personal Information (PII) and Personal Health Information (PHI) (for United States)
patientMpower processes Personal Information (PI) and Personal Health Information (PHI) as a necessary part of the operation of our services to support the delivery of patient care and, subject to appropriate consents, to support research activities by approved researchers.
Processing data relating to children
Our applications are intended for use by persons 18 years of age or older, except where the use is prescribed by or recommended by an appropriately qualified healthcare professional.
We do not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 14 through our apps, except where the use of the application is prescribed or recommended by an appropriately qualified healthcare professional.
Telemedicine falls within the definition of an Information Society Service under EU law. Therefore, where a child under the age of 16 (or lower in other EU Member States) is consenting to the use of the application or service, this consent must be validated by an individual with parental authority.
If you discover that your child has been using our apps without your consent, or someone has been using the apps on behalf of your child without your consent, please contact us using the information below in the “Contacting Us” section or email
dataprotection@patientmpower.com
and we will take steps to delete the information from our databases. Additionally, you can delete information from the app directly.
How we use your data (and our legal basis for processing)
Purpose
Legal Basis Relied On
Provision of the Healthcare Service
Processing of personal data and data relating to health to support delivery of patient care
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
Explicit Consent
Processing is necessary for the purposes of preventive or occupational medicine, or medical diagnosis
Order Fulfilment
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
Consent
Customer Service and Support
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
Consent
Explicit consent (where data relating to health is processed as part of the Customer service purpose)
Technical Support
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
Consent
Explicit consent (where data relating to health is processed as part of the Technical Support purpose)
Analysis of Application performance
Legitimate interests of patientMpower to improve our products, fix bugs in our applications, troubleshoot customer queries, and ensure high performance of our products.
Research and Development for patientMpower
Explicit Consent if identifiable personal data is being used
Users consent to being included in sample populations for deidentified internal research and development activities.
Clinical research
Explicit Consent if identifiable personal data is being used
Users consent to being included in sample populations for de-identified research.
Whenever possible de-identified or anonymised data is used for clinical research with approved research partners.
Categories of data processors
patientMpower makes use of several different categories of data processors to help us deliver our services.
Category
Details of Processors
Application hosting
We use AWS hosting in the EU (Ireland) as our main hosting provider, with our US apps hosted by AWS in the US. Specific instances of patientMpower applications may, from time to time, be hosted in other environments due to specific requirements of clients.
Website Hosting
Our website is hosted with WordPress
Analytics
We use third party analytics services such as Mixpanel and Firebase in our apps to help track how users use our services so we can optimise and improve services and apps, as well as for testing, troubleshooting, and clinical safety purposes
Logistics & Order Fulfilment
Depending on the application and the requirements of clients, patientMpower may engage 3
rd
party logistics operators to distribute additional devices necessary for the use of the application such as pulse oximeters or spirometers to patients.
Back Office Systems
We use a variety of software systems such as Google Work and Atlassian for our administrative and operations processes.
Compliance
We engage specialist third party service providers to assist us with Data Protection Compliance, Information Security management, and other related matters.
Technical Support
We engage relevant third-party service providers to provide technical support to our users, both individuals and healthcare providers.
Customer Service
We engage relevant third-party service providers to customer service and support to our users, both individuals and healthcare providers, such as Intercom and Hubspot.
Who has access to your data
patientMpower may provide personal data to the following categories of recipient:
To healthcare providers, through a secure monitoring portal or through integration with their healthcare record systems. Your authorisation will be sought before any transfer of data to another platform.
To law enforcement agencies or regulatory authorities on receipt of a valid court order or where expressly required under legislation and only to the extent required by law.
To third parties where necessary to comply with a court order
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganisation, sale of assets, dissolution, or other business-related event, your information may be transferred as part of the assets of patientMpower.
De-identified and anonymised data is provided to approved clinical research partners for the purposes of conducting research in respect of treatment and management of conditions. These studies are carried out under appropriate research conditions and are subject to independent ethics approval through our research partners.
How long we keep your data
patientMpower retains identifiable data for the duration of your treatment or use of the application plus any retention period that may be defined by:
Data retention requirements for clinical data as may be specified by healthcare providers
Legal requirements set out in legislation or regulatory guidance in jurisdictions in which our services are provided
Periods that are reasonably necessary for business and legal purposes.
We will also keep data which cannot directly or indirectly identify living individuals for analytics and research purposes to help improve our products and services.
Keeping your data safe and secure
We place great importance on the security of all personal data associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control.
patientMpower is designed with stringent security protocols. It uses state-of-the art electronic surveillance and multi-factor access control systems. All data transport between your app and our servers is encrypted. Data is encrypted in transit using HTTPS and TLSv.1.2, and encrypted at rest on AWS using AES 256 encryption.
We use a risk management process based on a Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) template. It allows us to conduct an accurate and thorough assessment of the potential risks and vulnerabilities to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of electronic protected health information held by patientMpower, and also implement security measures sufficient to reduce risks and vulnerabilities to a reasonable and appropriate level to comply with HIPAA standards.
Periodic reviews of our security standards are carried out and our software development process has a checkpoint to identify new risks when we define / develop new features.
However, with any electronic transmission and storage of data comes risks and we cannot guarantee that our databases, or those of our third-party affiliates, will be 100% secure. There is also a risk of data being intercepted while being transferred over the internet.
In the event of a breach of data security, patientMpower will:
Immediately inform any relevant health care provider for whom we are acting as a Data Processor in the delivery of care and engage with their Data Security Incident response processes as required.
Where we are acting as a Data Controller, we will notify without undue delay the relevant Supervisory Authority where we identify that there is a risk to the fundamental rights and freedoms of people using our applications or services
Where we are acting as a Data Controller and we identify a high risk to your rights and freedoms is identified we will notify you of the incident without undue delay.
Automated decision making and profiling
The operation of the patientMpower applications and services does require the processing of data for profiling and does make use of automated decision making to identify usage patterns in the app and ensure notifications are sent to users to remind them to record health data (e.g. take blood pressure) or to support prompts and alerts to help users use the application or associated measurement devices or medical equipment correctly (for example: alerting users if their spirometry test did not meet the required quality).
No decisions are taken based solely on automated decision making which would have a legal or equally significant impact on a user as these applications and services are used as part of a clinical treatment regime overseen by healthcare professionals.
Your rights under GDPR
Where patientMpower is acting as a Data Controller, you have rights under EU Data Protection law.  These rights are:
A right of access which allows you to request a copy of your data in an intelligible form (Article 15 GDPR)
A right of rectification which allows you to request a correction of errors or inaccuracies in the data that we hold relating to you (Article 16 GDPR)
A right to object to processing and to “opt-out” of having your data processed by us on the basis of our legitimate interests or a public interest basis unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds that override your interests, rights, and freedoms. (Article 21 GDPR)
A right to erasure in certain specified circumstances. This right does not apply where we are processing data for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest in relation to public health, for archiving purposes for historical or scientific research, or where necessary to establish or defend legal claims (Article 17)
A right to restrict processing in certain circumstances (Article 18)
To do any of these things, please email us at dataprotection@patientmpower.com. We’ll ask you for proof of identity. Data protection laws give us one month to get back to you. Under GDPR individuals also have rights to seek compensation for infringement of their data protection rights under the legislation.
Right to complain to the Data Protection Commission
You have the right to file a complaint to the Irish Data Protection Commission.
Their contact information can be found online at this link:
https://dataprotection.ie/en/contact/how-contact-us
Compliance with HIPAA (US)
patientMpower complies with HIPAA through our application of an appropriate risk management framework in line with our business associate agreements entered into with clients who are US Healthcare providers and covered entities under HIPAA.
COPPA
For the purposes of the United States COPPA rule, parental consent is required for the use of our applications or services by any person under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 13.
Quick Links
Book a meeting
Clinical studies
Portal login
Our partners
Carbon Reduction
Support
Contact
Ireland
patientMpower
Digital Hub
Dublin
D08 TCV4
United Kingdom
The Stable Yard
Vicarage Road
Stony Stratford
MK11 1BN
United States
patientMpower Inc.
441 Main St
3rd Floor
Melrose
MA 02176
Phone Us
+353 1 903 8558
(IE)
312-667-5589
(US)
+44 20 3322 4121
(UK)
+31858882183
(NL)
© 2025 patientMpower.
Clinical safety
|
Terms of use
|
Cookie policy
|
Privacy policy
|
Quality policy statement
Close Menu
For research
For healthcare
Overview
Asthma
COPD
Interstitial lung disease
Kidney disease
Lung transplant
Heart failure
Virtual wards
For pharma
Digital companion app
Digital endpoints
Evidence
Company
About us
News & resources
Support
Book a meeting
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings