ENGLISH ▼
About
FAQ
Blog
ESPAÑOL ▼
Acerca
PF
Support
Download App
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
UenMe, LLC (“UenMe” or “we” or “us”) takes your privacy matters very seriously.  Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).  This Policy details how we receive, collect and use information in connection with the UenMe software (“UenMe App”) and other products and services provided by UenMe (collectively, the “Service”).
By using the Service, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy, as such Policy may be amended from time to time.  Each time you use the Service, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase “Personal Information” in this Policy, we mean information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, e-mail address, billing information, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this personal information.  When we use the phrase “Anonymous Information” in this Policy, we mean information that is either not personally identifiable, or information that is simply linked to your Personal Information such as aggregated information, general demographic information and IP addresses.  Anonymous Information does not necessarily enable identification of individual persons.
THE SERVICE IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO PEOPLE IN THE REGIONS IDENTIFIED IN THE SECTION BELOW ENTITLED “SUPPORTED REGIONS” AND IN NO OTHER COUNTRIES OR TERROTORIES.  IF YOU ARE A USER ACCESSING THE SERVICE FROM Any REGION WITH LAWS OR REGULATIONS GOVERNING PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE THAT DIFFER FROM UNITED STATES LAWS, PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THROUGH YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICE, WHICH IS GOVERNED BY UNITED STATES LAW, THIS POLICY, AND OUR TERMS OF USE AND END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU MAY BE TRANSMITTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO COUNTRIES OR TERRITORIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IN YOUR COUNTRY AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO SUCH TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
1. COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
UenMe App
When you install the UenMe App, you will be given the option to provide us with your Screen Name and a photo (though neither are mandatory) and to allow us access to your mobile device and social media accounts’ address books (also not mandatory).  If you grant us such access, a copy of the Screen Names in your address book (but not emails, phone numbers, notes or any other Personal Information in your address book) will be stored on our servers and will be used only to:
(a) notify you when your contacts become active on UenMe; and
(b) indicate which of your contacts is already a UenMe user.
A copy of the Screen Name(s) from your address book is stored on a live database and that database has a “historical backup” which is kept for 12 months.  If you delete the address book from our servers (more about this below), it will be deleted instantly and permanently, however UenMe will retain the associated data for a period of 12 months for purposes of identification in case of disputed credit card charges.  Associated data includes your social media ID.
Your Screen Name will be used for identification purposes as your UenMe user ID.
Since UenMe users may add your UenMe Screen Name to their address book and see that you are registered with UenMe, we do not consider the fact that your UenMe Screen Name exists on UenMe as private information.
Video call content is private and is never retained by us
Calls by users are transmitted either directly from user to user or, if direct transmission is not possible (due to, for example, firewalls), UenMe servers are used to transmit the call.  In the latter scenario, the information transmitted is stored briefly in volatile memory (RAM) solely to enable the transmission of the call to the other user.  WE DO NOT RECORD ANY PART OF YOUR CALL.
Name, Photo, Bio and Interests
Should you provide your name, photo, biography and/or interests, they will be visible to other UenMe users as long as such users have your Screen Name or you participate in the Service.
Online Status and Seen Status
Other users can see your connection status (e.g., whether you are online or not -- and if not, the last time you were connected to the Service) as well as whether you saw messages they sent to you.  You may disable this via the settings.
Location Information
UenMe allows you to provide your location during the registration process.  For the avoidance of doubt, UenMe will not share your location information and we will not use it for any purpose except as specifically requested by you.
Text messages and call related meta-data
Your in-app text messages and call related meta-data are stored on our servers indefinitely. This data includes your username, the sender and receiver of text messages, the complete content of your text messages, and the time, date, sender, receiver, duration and rate of all calls (connected or missed).  This data is used for billing and payment purposes.  This data may be shared with third-party credit card processors to defend disputed charges.
Other data stored by UenMe
If you use the Service we may collect your IP Address, user-agent, app version, device language, phone number, email address, gender, gender preference, stated age, name, purchase history and all activity while using UenMe. This information is stored indefinitely and may be used for billing purposes.  In the event of a billing dispute it may be shared with third parties to defend such disputed charges.
2. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We do not rent, sell or share any information about our users with any third parties except as specifically described herein.  We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe such action is necessary to:
(a) comply with the law or legal process served on us;
(b) protect and defend our rights or property (including the enforcement of our agreements); or
(c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our Service or members of the public.
In order to provide you with the UenMe products or services you have requested, UenMe may sometimes, if necessary, share limited Personal Information that you have provided (excluding your address book and related information) and anonymized technical meta-data with trusted partner service providers and/or agents, for example: banking organizations or other providers of payment and analytical services, customer support, or hosting services.  UenMe will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to comply with applicable law.
The following is a description of how we may share limited Personal Information with trusted third-party partners.  Should we add additional partners, we will immediately update this description.
1.  We may use push notification services to notify you about various events related to the UenMe App.  If we do, the Screen Name of the person calling you or sending you a message may be part of the notification.  This message is sent to the push notification service provider for delivery to your device.
2.  We use third parties to process the payment and/or billing information that you submit on our website or through the UenMe App to facilitate payment transactions.  We require that these third parties take the appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to comply with applicable laws, but we are not liable or responsible for these third-party transactions.  Therefore, you should review such third-party terms and conditions before providing your payment or billing information.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the UenMe servers that are used to store your Personal Information are owned and hosted by Google Cloud Platform (Google Inc. a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc.) (“GCP”).  You can read more about the measures taken by GCP to protect the security of their servers and your Personal Information here: https://cloud.google.com/trust-center/
We may disclose information about you if we determine that, for purposes of national security or law enforcement, or other matters of public importance, disclosure of information is necessary.
We may, from time to time, ask you to provide information about your experiences, which will be used to measure and improve quality of the Service.  You are under no obligation to provide any such data.  Any and all information which is voluntarily submitted in feedback forms on our website or any survey that you choose to take part in is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the UenMe software, products and websites.
We may contact you to send you messages about service issues.  Furthermore, we reserve the right to use email, the UenMe software or SMS to notify you of any claims related to your use of our software, products and/or websites, including without limitation claims of violation of third-party rights.
We may send you alerts via the UenMe software to notify you when someone has tried to contact you.  We may also use the UenMe software to keep you up to date with news about our software and products that you have purchased and/or to inform you about other UenMe products and related information.
Supported Regions:
The UenMe App is available in the iOS App Store in the following countries only.  UenMe does not support the Service in any other country or territory and people residing or present in any such other country or territory are prohibited from using the Service:
Australia
Canada
New Zealand
United States
3. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
UenMe apps, websites and software are not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the age of seventeen (17) and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect Personal Information on our sites from anyone under the age of seventeen (17) (or older in some jurisdictions).  We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that no information is collected from a child without parental permission.
4. SECURITY
We take reasonable precautions to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access.  Although we cannot guarantee that Personal Information will not be subject to unauthorized access, we have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to protect Personal Information.  Personal Information is stored on our servers and protected by secured networks to which access is limited to those authorized employees and personnel who need access to perform their duties.  However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
5. BUSINESS TRANSITIONS
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred.  As part of any such transaction the new entity will be required to commit to the same level of protection of your Personal Information as described in this Policy.  If we cannot obtain such a commitment, we will not consummate the business transition.  We will post a notice on the UenMe site of any such change in ownership or control prior to such transfer.
6. CHANGES TO POLICY
From time to time, we may revise this Policy.  We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time with or without notice.  However, we will not use your Personal Information in a way that is materially different than the uses described in this Policy without giving you an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses.  We will post the revised Policy on our website, so that users can always be aware of what information we collect, how the information is used and under what circumstances such information may be disclosed.  You agree to review this Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications.  Your continued use of our website or the UenMe App, as applicable, indicates your assent to any changes and signifies your agreement to the terms of this Policy as so revised.  If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use our website, the UenMe App, or any other part of the Service.
7. CHANGE OR REMOVAL OF INFORMATION
If you wish to delete your account completely, you can go to the “Settings” tab in the UenMe App and select the “Delete Account” option.  Please note that this will remove your profile and information from the UenMe service and deactivate UenMe on your device.  All information you stored with UenMe will remain on UenMe servers for 12 months.  Your information may be used to defend disputed credit card charges.  If you have additional concerns and/or requests, you can contact UenMe at privacy@uenme.co.
8. CONTACT INFORMATION
Please direct all questions in connection with this Policy via e-mail to privacy@uenme.co or by writing to UenMe, LLC, Attention: Privacy Dept., 2118 Wilshire Blvd #275, Santa Monica, CA 90403.
(Our Privacy Policy is available in English. If you have questions about translating the agreement to another language, in part or in entirety, we recommend consulting a bilingual legal expert for assistance.)
(Last Updated April 18, 2023)