Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy (the
'Policy'
) of TRADISTAR SASU (a company incorporated under the laws of France with company RCS number 752 280 412) . Registered Office: 400 Avenue Roumanille / ZAC St Philippe II - 06410 Biot, France. Tradistar is the editor and Gamsify is the commercial name of the studio.
This policy describes how we (referred to collectively in this policy as
"TRADISTAR", "GAMSIFY",
or,
"we", "us"
and
"our"
) collect, use, process and share information that TRADISTAR collects about you ("User" or "you") on our websites such as gamsify.com, anagrapp.com, anagrapp-cup.com or other future websites (each a "Site" and together the "Sites"), or when you play any Gamsify game such as AnagrApp, AnagrApp Cup, or other future games (each a "Game" and together the "Games") or Apps (each a "App" and together the "Apps", "Applications") whether accessed via web browser, social networking sites (for example, Facebook) or as apps via platforms (for example, Apple's 'App Store', Google Play, Windows Phone, Blackberry World or Amazon AppStore for Android).
Our business is constantly evolving and so this document may change from time to time. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us.
If you have any queries about this Policy, please contact GAMSIFY using our contact details below.
Who this Policy applies to:
By downloading, playing, and/or accessing any of the Games or interacting with our websites or other Services you agree to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you. TRADISTAR may change this Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Policy we will notify you prior to such change. If you do not want to consent to the changes in the Policy you should stop using the Games. Subject to such notification, TRADISTAR shall deem your continued use of the Games or Apps as indicating your consent to the processing of personal data described in this Policy, including such changes. This Policy applies to people who use the Games or Apps and people who make complaints to us by email.
Information GAMSIFY collects when you use the Games:
GAMSIFY may collect the following information when you use the Games:
If there is a need to create an Account, you may be required to provide your name, e-mail address, a password and other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account. We may do this through in-Game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip.
If you were to sign into one of the Site or Games through a social network, GAMSIFY may be able to access certain information about you through that Social Network. For example on Facebook, your Facebook ID, information relating to your friends, profile picture, gender, language, geo-location or the device you are using. GAMSIFY will only access information which you have agreed to make available as part of your membership of such social networks. Your Account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features. We may also offer you the option to complete a user profile that is visible to other Gamsify users. Your user profile may include a profile photo, a Gamsify username, your gender, biographic details that you provide, details about the Games you play, and a Gamsify user ID number that is created by Gamsify and used to identify your profile. The Gamsify username will be public and will be shown to other users, but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile settings. We may also offer you the ability to import your contacts or manually enter e-mail addresses so that you can locate your contacts on Gamsify and invite your contacts to join you in the Games. You can change what information GAMSIFY can access by changing your privacy features on your social networks.
Information in relation to your purchases (when you order any good or service through the Game, including any virtual currency or virtual good) within the Games. These are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play, xBox Live, Playstation Network). GAMSIFY does not collect or retain any card or payment details. When you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store, on Facebook or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
GAMSIFY does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending; and your Unique Device Identifier or a record of the internet browser which you are using when you play the Games. This may provide GAMSIFY with an approximate location as to where you are using the Games and on what device.
Please note that it is the platform providers (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play etc.) not GAMSIFY who control the payment process for in app purchases. Thus, any queries or application for refunds should be made directly to the platform provider. However, should you wish to contact us we would be more than happy to discuss any query you have with you. Information on how to complain about purchases can normally be found within invoices from platform providers.
Information Collected by Customer Support
When you ask for assistance from our Customer Support, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name, e-mail address, country, device language, device model, OS version and app version), information about your game play or activity on the Games, and your user name or ID number. We will also store the correspondence and any information contained within.
How GAMSIFY uses information collected from you when you use the Games: GAMSIFY may use the information it collects from you described in paragraph above to:
tweak, tune and facilitate the improvement of the Games and your experience of the Games; provide advertising within the Game which is more relevant to you (for example, which is based on your location and information made available through your social networks);  allow you to partake in the Games as social games, for example if you wish to play the Games as part of a 'Team'. Your information (for example your Apple Game Centre Name, your name and photo from social networking platforms or any ID which you have given us) may be shared with other players and within your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the Games with other players and your social networks and invite other people to play with you; complete your transactions in respect of your purchases within the Games; provide technical support in relation to player enquires and troubleshooting; prevent fraud or illegal activities;  share this information with the following third parties for the following purposes: any third party, such as group companies, processing data on behalf of GAMSIFY, GAMSIFY's online partners to possibly serve adverts in the future within the Games (please see further details on these adverts in a paragraph below). GAMSIFY may share your anonymised Unique Device Identifier and other relevant data with you with its partners to ensure that the ads you receive are relevant to you; your social networks (including Facebook), who may combine this information with other information they hold about you – you should refer to your social network's privacy policy to see how they will use this information; any third party, in relation to the sale of some or all GAMSIFY's business, or its assets, or as part of any business restructuring or reorganization. GAMSIFY will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected;  data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance and as further described in paragraph; or law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
We use your information to provide the Service, to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and evaluate how the Service is used. We may also use your information to serve you specifically, for instance, by delivering products or advertisements to you according to your preferences or restrictions. We also may use your information to contact you with communications such as marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
Push Notifications & Local Notifications
With your consent we or our service providers may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide Game updates and other relevant messages. You can adjust the types of notifications you receive and when you receive them by editing your notification settings. We or our service providers may also send local notifications to your mobile device to provide Game updates and other relevant information.
Technical and Usage Information
When you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile device ID (IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your operating system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Games. In certain Games we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Games.  This information is typically collected through the use of third-party mobile device software development kits.
We may use a device ID called an IDFA for advertising purposes and to acquire new customers for our products, as explained further in this Policy.
Links to third party websites and third party adverts: GAMSIFY is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from the Games, adverts in the Games or from adverts on a webpage when you are playing the Games. GAMSIFY recommends that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition, if you link to the Games from a third party site or via a social network (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Instagram), GAMSIFY is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Online Advertising
The Service may integrate third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Service, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, information you enter such as your age and gender, your searches, demographic data, user-generated content, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests.
Third parties, whose products or services are accessible or advertised via the Service, may also place cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about you as discussed above. We also allow other third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers such as Google Analytics and others) to serve tailored ads to you on the Service, other sites, and in other applications, and to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Service.
Offer Wall
We may in the future display an "offer wall" in our applications that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These are not offers made by GAMSIFY. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a Service hosted by GAMSIFY. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier and other information will be shared with the offer wall provider.
Invite a Friend
You may decide to provide us with another party's email address to allow us to contact and invite that party to visit or join the Service or so that GAMSIFY may facilitate your communication with such other party through methods of communication enabled by the Service (such as when you upload an address book). Such email addresses will be used only for the purpose of sending email communications to the addressee.
EEA Data Subject Rights
Residents of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), can exercise certain data subject rights available to them under applicable data protection laws. Where such rights apply, we will comply with requests to exercise these rights in accordance with applicable law. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation.
Retention of Your Information
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
Third Party Service Providers
We will provide your information to third party companies to perform certain services, including but not limited to payment processing, data analysis, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. We direct all such third party service providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on Gamsify behalf.
Here is a link to the Privacy Policies for all our third party service providers:
Apple - https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google - https://policies.google.com/privacy
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
Your information may be disclosed: (i) when we have a good faith belief that we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); (ii) to satisfy any applicable laws or regulations; (iii) where we believe that the Games are being used in the commission of a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to exchange information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; (iv) when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person or the public generally; and (v) in order to protect the rights or property of Gamsify, including to enforce our Terms of Service.
Sale or Merger
In the event that Gamsify undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, change of control, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition.
Policies Concerning Children
Our Services are intended for a general audience and are not intended for Children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users deemed to be children under their respective national laws. If we learn that we have collected PII of any child we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses or phone numbers without permission. We recognize a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from young children.
Should you wish to have your child's personal information deleted from our records, please contact us at privacy@gamsify.com. We will be happy to remove your child's information as appropriate.
How to Control Your Information
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, individuals residing in the EU and other territories that have adopted GDPR compliance or comparable regulation have a right to:
- Access your user data
- Correct the data you have provided to us
- Have information provided to you in a portable format
- Request the deletion of the data we have collected
- Restrict processing
- Object to processing or the legal basis on which we rely to process your data
You may send an e-mail to privacy@gamsify.com with your request to exercise any of the rights identified above. Place the reason for your request (e.g. "Delete my Data" or "Correct my Data") in the subject line and include your first name, last name, and e-mail address in the body of the e-mail. We will respond to your request within some days. Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent or posted content through the Services, we may not be able to delete it.  Accounts created with Gamsify are considered active until we receive a user request to delete them or deactivate them.
You can stop use of your geo-location (for example through "check-ins") by visiting your device's settings for the relevant application or the "settings" page for the relevant Game. You can also stop checking in via the Game.
Please note that requests to restrict processing or delete your data may require the termination of your user account if we require the information subject to the deletion request to maintain your user account or otherwise provide gameplay services to you.
Opting Out of Other Communications
When you install our Games on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications. You can turn off push notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant Game. You may also receive local notifications. You can turn off local notifications by visiting the "options" or "settings" page within the relevant Game. Note that if you opt-out of our Promotional Communications or other forms of communication, we may still e-mail or communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with information or if we need to request information from you with respect to a transaction initiated by you or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons.
Security of Your Information
While we take certain precautions against possible security breaches of our Services, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking,data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Although we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data while it is being transmitted through our Services; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Contact details
: If at any time you would like to contact us about your views on this Policy or any enquiry relating to your personal information or for matters referred to this Policy, you can do so by sending an e-mail to us at privacy@gamsify.com or write to us at TRADISTAR SASU  400 Avenue Roumanille / ZAC St Philippe II - 06410 Biot, France.