WYDOT
>
WYOROAD
>Wyoming 511 Mobile App
﻿
Conditions
WYDOT District
Map
Conditions By City
Conditions By Route
Variable Speed Limits
Chain Law
Neighboring States
Yellowstone National Park
Historic Road Closure Data
Closures and Advisories
Incidents
Definitions
Condition Maps
Observed Radar
Observed Temperatures
Observed Weather
Supplemental Information
Web Cameras
Atmospheric Sensors
Rest Areas
Snow Plow Priority Plan
Video Forecast
Travel Forecast Map
Regional Weather Podcast
Construction
Statewide
Truck Driver Information
Map
Blow-Over Hazards
Commercial Carrier
Runaway Truck Info
Size and Weight Restrictions
Teton Pass Information
Governor's Council on Impaired Driving
Wyoming 511 Mobile App
Wyoming 511 is the official road condition and traffic information reporting app of the Wyoming Department of Transportation (WYDOT).
This app was developed for iOS versions 8.1 and higher on iPhone 4S and later and Android version 4.1 and higher.
The Wyoming 511 app:
Provides pre-trip map-based road and traffic conditions (Map)
Displays web camera images (Map)
Shows users their route and mile marker location and includes latitude/longitude (Where Am I?)
Speaks conditions so drivers know what they can expect on the road ahead (Hands Free/Eyes Free)
Alerts drivers of traffic information including crashes and other hazards within a user-specified radius (Hands Free/Eyes Free)
Updates data from WYDOT's servers every 15 minutes when in cell provider's coverage area
Uses GPS to provide location-based reports
Regular data updates and location services can impact battery life. WYDOT recommends users plug in their phones while in Hands Free / Eyes Free mode and turn off the map when it is not in use.
Wyoming 511 for Android
Wyoming 511 for iOS
Wyoming 511 Mobile App Instructional Video
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ag.wyo.gov/privacy:
Search organization content
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
U
se and operation of the State of Wyoming web pages are governed by the laws of Wyoming. Information collected at the State of Wyoming web page may be subject to disclosure under the public record laws of Wyoming including, but not limited to: Wyoming Statute § 16-4-201 et seq.
The state does maintain logs of visits to and use of its web pages. The state uses this information only for statistical analysis in order to identify user preferences and make the sites more user friendly. No personal information is gleaned or used from the logs. The collected information is not used to identify individual users and internet service providers.
E-mail logs for incoming e-mail concerning sender's and receiver's identification and the date and time that the message was sent are also maintained. The e-mail log does contain the message sent.
The state also employs security measures which, in the event of any attempt at compromising the state's web pages and its support systems, are capable of identifying the offending individual user and the user's internet service provider. All efforts at breaching the security of the state web pages and its support systems will be referred to the appropriate law enforcement agency for investigation and prosecution.
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it