Mobirise Website Builder
v4.12.4
free website templates
Privacy and Data Consent:
Digi-Chain Games (PHB Media LTD) respects the privacy of our users.
This Privacy Policy explains the collection, use and storage of your personal information when you are using our products or services.
Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before you use or access our services. By accepting this Privacy Policy you agree with our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as described below. Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use the service.
This Privacy Policy may be modified or updated from time to time. All changes made to our Privacy Policy will be shown on this page, please check back regularly for any changes or updates.
Advertising:
Information Collected and its Usage:
Many of our apps are ad supported to allow us to provide them free of charge.
Depending on your region you may be given the option to choose to receive personalised or non-personalised adverts (in compliance with GDPR and COPPA rules). We provide the information we collect to third party advertisers in order to provide you with commercial advertisements.
If you receive personalised adverts the information collected and shared with third-party advertising networks includes: location data, Device ID, Advertiser ID, product interaction, crash data, performance data and device type. This info is provided solely so that the advertising networks can deliver adverts tailored to you.
If you choose to receive non-personalised adverts the ad networks may use mobile identifiers to deliver ads, but not for personalisation.
Google AdMob:
We use Google AdMob to provide advertising within our apps.
Google AdMob delivers ads using ad technology providers, these ad technology providers may use your data for the purpose of ads personalisation and measurement.  Our games use Google AdMob's 'commonly used' set of ad technology providers
For more information on how AdMob uses the collected information, visit the AdMob Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob ad technology providers,  visit:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
Google AdMob opt-out:
https://myadcenter.google.com/home?sasb=true&ref=ad-settings
Data Retention and Deletion:
Digi-Chain Games (PHB Media LTD) does not retain any data collected through our apps. Data collected is shared with third-party advertisers.
You can opt-out and request the removal of this data from third-party advertisers at any point by contacting the advertising network we use (Google AdMob):
Google AdMob opt-out:
https://myadcenter.google.com/home?sasb=true&ref=ad-settings
Children Policy:
Where our apps are targeted towards children (below the age of 13) interest-based advertising is disabled in compliance with COPPA regulations.
Where our apps are targeted at a general audience but may appeal to children under the age of 13 we may use a 'neutral' age gate to determine if the user is a child, if this is the case then interest-based advertising is disabled in compliance with COPPA regulations.
Contact:
If you need further information regarding this Privacy Policy or how we use your personal data please contact us here:
Privacy Policy Contact
Home
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms