Home
Irish Companies
Irish Businesses
Login
Join
0 items
0 items
Added to your basket
No Items in your basket!
0 Items in your basket
Checkout
Why SoloCheck?
Check Companies
Check Individuals
Business Barometer
Industry Review
Privacy Notice
SoloCheck.ie is operated by CRIF VisionNet Limited
CRIF VisionNet Limited is committed to protecting
            your privacy, which is why we have set out this privacy notice describing the personal data that we
            might process about you, why we process it, where we might get your personal data from, and how we
            handle it. If cookies are your particular interest, you will find our separate cookie notice
here.
This notice also sets out how you can engage with us and how you can contact the Data Protection
            Commission, if you have any concerns about your personal data.
Who we are and how to contact us
CRIF VisionNet Limited is
            registered in Ireland (Registration Number: 177790).
            Our Data Protection Officer is contactable at
privacy@solocheck.ie
or if you wish to write to us, please use the following address:
Data Protection Officer
CRIF VisionNet Limited
3rd Floor, Adelphi Plaza,
George's Street Upper,
Dun Laoghaire,
County Dublin,
A96 T927
Data subjects in the UK may wish to note that we have appointed a UK Representative as required under
            the UK GDPR whom they are welcome to contact if they prefer:
Compliance Officer
CRIF Decision Solutions
55 Old Broad Street
London EC2M 1RX
Email: dpo.uk@crif.com
Our data processing activities
CRIF Vision-net Ltd ("We") processes personal data both as a Data Controller, for our own purposes,
            and as a Data Processor on behalf of other entities
1: DATA CONTROLLER ACTIVITIES
Provision of services
CRIF VisionNet Limited is an aggregator of business
            information in order to provide services to those striving to fulfil compliance requirements, reduce
            business risk and make informed business decisions. It does so through its vision-net.ie and
            solocheck.ie websites.
We provide information services, consumer reporting and cyber risk solutions to a broad range of
            clients, particularly in the financial services sectors (including insurance companies), which
            allow them to, amongst other things:
Understand the individuals running limited companies, Friendly Societies and owners of
                registered business names in order to manage the risk of dealing with them (for example for
                Anti-Money Laundering and 'Know Your Customer' purposes which are regulatory requirements on
                companies offering certain services)
Ascertain the financial and corporate histories of individuals with whom they have engaged and
Understand who owns registered properties
For many of these services, the personal data that we process is provided to us by third parties, rather than
            directly by you, the data subject.
Running our business
In the normal course of running our business we process the personal data of employees of our
            clients, suppliers and other third parties. This includes business contact details such as names,
            email addresses and phone numbers which may have been provided to us indirectly by your employer or
            our business partners rather than directly by you. These entities should provide their employees and
            associates with an appropriate information notice to cover how we process their data.
            In addition, we process personal data of our own employees, in which role we are a joint Data
            Controller with our parent
            company CRIF SpA, via M. Fantin, 1-3, 40131 Bologna, Italy.
Promoting our services
We process personal data of persons to whom we wish to promote our services. This will
            include business contact data which we may have collected directly from you either in the course of
            provisioning you for our services, or from this website or an industry information service.
Personal Data Re-Use (PCheck)
Since June 2023 our subscribers can opt-in to our data re-use system. If you consent, then our customers can run a lookup query to see if your personal details are registered in our database.
        We do not pass your details to the customer, we just return a match rate based on the data they provide. We do not sell your data, and we do not share your data.
You can opt-out of this data pool by logging in to your account and navigating to the form in the "My Details" page. You must be an Irish resident, and at least 18 years old to participate.
2: DATA PROCESSOR ACTIVITIES
We act as a Data Processor in the provision of a number of services and in these roles, we process
            the data provided to us by the respective Data Controllers, and act solely on the instructions of
            the Data Controller:
For financial services companies who wish us to check nominated individuals which they need to
                screen for sanctions and other regulations to which they are subject.
Providing a gateway that can simultaneously check the Central Credit Register and the Irish
                Credit Bureau's databases.
Providing access to an Open Banking solution (NEOS) that analyses a client's payment transaction
                data for credit evaluation purposes.
How we get your personal data and our legal basis for processing it
Provision of services
We provide clients with information that allows them to check the identity of their customers or
            potential customers (e.g. information on directorships of companies or ownership of Registered
            Business Names, Politically Exposed Persons, Sanctions lists, court judgments, bankruptcies etc.)
            for Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) amongst other purposes.
            We may obtain this information from public sources such as the Companies' Registration Office, the
            Revenue Commissioners or the courts, or from commercial providers of business and risk intelligence
            data.
For these services, we process personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests in providing
            the services in question, and the legitimate interests of our clients who need to be able to know
            their customers, carry out anti-money laundering checks, detect fraud, avoid cyber security risks
            etc. These interests are set out in Legitimate Interests Assessments which are available on
            request.
Running our business
Your information may have been gathered from you or your employer, or through a reseller when your
            organisation was being set up for our services, or where you or your employer provides a service to
            us. Such data can be used to enable us to:
Provide you with the ability to use our services (for example provide you with username and
                password), provide support services such as a Helpdesk service, and to monitor such use for
                billing or security purposes including downloads of reports or other content
Administer your or your employer's contract with us, including invoicing, debt recovery etc.
Our legal basis for processing this data is either for our legitimate interests, or for the
            performance of a contract if we are dealing directly with you. If we are dealing with your employer
            or client, they should be advising you as to why they are providing your personal data to their
            customers or service providers.
            We obtain information about current, past or prospective employees either directly from you, or from
            recruitment consultants and the like. This information is used for HR administration, including
            payroll and recruitment.
Promoting our services
Certain information will have been gathered from you or your employer when your organisation was
            being set up for our services. We may also have gathered your data through your interactions with
            this website or via email or telephone enquiries. Please see our separate
Cookie Notice
for more details on the cookies we are using in order to better understand your interests.
            Such data can be used to enable us to keep you informed about developments
            at CRIF VisionNet Limited and our services, conducting
            market research and analysis, or determining which of our services are most suitable for you.
            We are doing so on the basis of our legitimate interests in promoting and developing our business. A
            specific Legitimate Interests Assessment for these purposes is available on request.
Note however that by signing up for email updates, you are also consenting to us using a small pixel
            to see which of our emails you open. This helps us in developing messages that are appropriate to
            you in the future. If you have any reservations about the pixel being placed on your device(s),
            please do not subscribe.
As with any website, we interact with your device and browser to serve pages to you. This involves
            collecting certain information, but we do not use this data to identify you by connecting it to
            other data that we collect. Rather we might only do so for security and fraud prevention purposes.
            The type of data acquired includes IP addresses, the addresses of the resources requested in URI
            notation (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time the request was made, the method used in making the
            request to the server, and other parameters related to the operating system and the computer
            environment of the user.
The following table summarises the data we process as a Data Controller, the sources of that data and our legal basis:
ACTIVITY
CATEGORIES OF DATA SUBJECTS
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
SOURCE
LEGAL BASIS
Provision of information on Irish Directors and Owners of Registered Business Names
Directors (including Secretaries and disqualified or restricted Directors), shareholders,
                    UBOs, Examiners, Receivers and Liquidators, Authorised Persons, Business Owners,
                    Accountants, Company Presenters, Auditors.
Names, business and residential addresses and date of birth, shareholding, and directorships.
Companies Registration Office
Legitimate Interests
Provision of UK and International Search services
Directors (including Secretaries and disqualified or restricted Directors), shareholders, UBOs etc.
Names, business and residential addresses and date of birth, shareholding, and directorships.
Commercial providers
Legitimate Interests
Provision of Know Your Customer and Anti Money Laundering services
Directors (including Secretaries and disqualified or restricted Directors), shareholders, UBOs etc.
Names, business and residential addresses and date of birth, shareholding, and directorships.
Public Registers and commercial providers.
Legitimate Interests
Provision of Consumer Check (Individual) reports
Individuals
Names, residential addresses and dates of birth.
Public Registers and commercial providers.
Legitimate Interests
Provision of reports on Friendly Societies and International Companies
Members of governing group of friendly societies and directors of
                    registered companies in certain overseas territories.
Names, residential or business addresses and dates of birth.
Public Registers
Legitimate Interests
Provision of Land Registry Document Service
Owners of registered properties
Names and residential or business addresses.
Public Register
Legitimate Interests
Running our services
Employees of client companies and individual subscribers
Names, business contact details, usage records including the IP address of the logged in
                    user and partial credit card details.
                    For our website: IP addresses, resources requested, time of request and computing
                    environment.
Employees of clients and individuals
Legitimate Interests
Promoting our services
Employees of client companies, individual subscribers and enquirers about our services
Names, business contact details
Employees of clients and individuals
Legitimate Interests
Tracking of recipients' opening of our update emails
Recipients of our email updates
Open rates
Subscribers from website and employees of clients/individual clients
Consent
Data Subject Rights Requests
All data subjects seeking to establish and assert rights.
As and if necessary to verify identity of data subject.
Direct from data subject.
Legal obligation.
PCheck Data Re-Use System
Registered Subscribers who opt-in
Name, Date of Birth, Address
Subscribers
Consent
Creating ESG KPIs
Company Directors and Secretaries.
Forename, surname and gender.
Public Register.
Legitimate interests.
In all cases we will also process data as required by applicable law.
What we do with your personal data
As a Data Controller, we make information available to our clients to assist them in their
            decision-making. Our clients include financial and insurance services organisations and professional
            advisers (e.g. solicitors, accountants). This data is almost made available to similar organisations
            overseas through a network of affiliates. We use the services of a company based outside the EEA to
            assist us in preparing data from the Companies Registration Office so that it is accessible to our
            clients and international affiliates. We use Standard Contractual Clauses as a safeguard for these
            transfers.
For the management of some marketing contact data, we also use external services that are based
            outside the EEA. Again, we use Standard Contractual Clauses as a safeguard for such transfers to
            ensure they are made in compliance with data protection legislation.
ACTIVITY
SHARED WITH
Irish Directors and Owners of Registered Business Names
Clients and international affiliates.
UK and International Search
Clients
Know Your Customer and Anti-Money Laundering
Clients
Consumer Check Individual
Clients
Reports on Friendly Societies and International Companies
Clients
Land Registry Document Service
Clients
Employment
Employment
Running our services
Running our services
Promoting our services
Electronic mailing service provider.
Data Subject Rights Requests
Data Subject Rights Requests
PCheck Data Re-Use
Clients
Where we are the "data processor", we act on the instructions of the data controller.
How long we keep your personal data
Where we are the Data Controller, we retain personal data according to the following criteria:
ACTIVITY
DATA RETENTION CRITERIA/PERIOD
Irish Directors and Owners of Registered Business Names
Data updated daily. Records of searches undertaken by clients are retained for thirty seven
                    months. Ad hoc listings of companies that are generated in response to client queries are
                    deleted after six months.
UK and International Search
Results of search enquiries performed by users are retained for thirty seven months.
Know Your Customer and Anti Money Laundering
Results of search enquiries performed by users are retained for thirty seven months
Consumer Check Individual
Results of search enquiries performed by users are retained for thirty seven months.
Reports on Friendly Societies and International Companies
Results of search enquiries performed by users are retained for six months.
Land Registry Document Service
Use of search facility is retained for thirty-seven months.
Employment
10 years from termination of employment relationship.
Running our services
Seven years after the termination of the contract. All search records are anonymised after thirty seven months.
Promoting our services
One year after termination of contract for clients and eighteen months for prospective
                    clients who do not contract in that time period. If you unsubscribe before them, we will
                    still need to retain some minimal personal data to ensure that your request is observed and
                    not inadvertently revoked.
Tracking of recipients' opening of our update emails
Open history will be deleted in conjunction with the record on the individual.
Data Subject Rights Requests
Two years from last contact with Data Subject.
PCheck Data Re-Use
37 months from the time of Consent.
Where we are a "data processor", we keep your data for as long as the Data Controller instructs us to.
Your data protection rights
Where we are processing your personal data as a Data Controller, you may have the right to request
            of us access to, and rectification or erasure, of personal data or the restriction of processing
            concerning your data or to object to processing as well as the right to data portability.
            Furthermore, to the extent that our processing may be based on consent, you have the right to
            withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent
            before this withdrawal.
Please bear in mind that your rights in relation to your Personal Data are not absolute. It is
            important to note that we are processing much of the data either on the basis of legitimate
            interests or performance of contract, rather than consent. This means there is no absolute right to
            have such data erased, but you may have rights to both object to such processing or to restrict it.
            In circumstances where we have obtained your data from a third party we may need to confirm the
            accuracy of the data with that third party before rectification.
Marketing communications by electronic means with you will be conducted in compliance with Statutory
            Instrument 336 of 2011 which give you specific privacy rights in relation to electronic
            communications. We provide an opt-out in each communication which allows you express your
            preferences with regard to receiving subsequent communications. As mentioned above, the service we
            use places a small pixel on your device that allows us know which items you choose to open and we
            use this information to refine the content of the messages that we are sending to you.
Please contact us at the email or postal addresses above if you wish to make a data subject request.
            In our role as Data Processor, we also hold personal data. In such cases, you would need to contact
            the respective "Data Controller" to exercise your data protection rights. If you have any requests
            we can direct you to the appropriate Data Controller.
CRIF VisionNet Limited's ESG (Environmental, Social & Governance) indicator involves statistical analysis of over 130 KPIs
            covering Environment, Social and Governance aspects of Irish and UK companies. As part of the Governance KPIs we include an assessment of gender balance based on the forenames
            of the company's registered officers. We use a curated database of forenames commonly associated with male and female genders to assign a gender to each officer.
            Where a forename is commonly used by either gender we assign a value of 'unknown'. If you wish to find out which gender has been assigned to you as an officer of a company,
            or wish to have that gender changed please contact us at
privacy@vision-net.ie
.
            Gender is also used for statistical analysis, but in a non-identifiable way. We do not process gender for any other purpose.
How to complain
You can report a concern to the Data Protection Commission
using this form
which is the DPC's preferred route for such communications.
If you have any issues using that route, you can communicate in writing to:
Data Protection Commission,
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
Website:
www.dataprotection.ie
Last Updated Date:
September 2024
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to analyze site usage, display personalised ads, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. Click on the different category headings to find out more.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label