Privacy Policy
Creliant Software Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies
                        Act, 2013 having
                        its registered office at Sun Fruits Ltd., Opp. Sai Vihar Residency Hanuman Co-Op Hs no. 121/2a/3
                        Sus Rd., Pune
                        Maharashtra – 411 021 (hereinafter the “the Company”, “CrelioHealth”, “Creliant”, “us”, “we” or
                        “our”) values your
                        privacy and is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that you are aware of
                        how your information
                        is being used. The purpose of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to describe how the
                        Company collects, uses,
                        maintains and shares information about you (“User” or “you”) while interacting with us on our
                        website, and for the
                        Personal Information while using or accessing our Service or SaaS Services.
Please read and understand this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use or access
                        of the Services (as
                        defined below) shall constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with
                        our policies and our
                        practices as described herein, do not use the Services offered by the Company.
Applicability
This Privacy Policy is applicable to your access to and use of CrelioHealth
                        platform and mobile
                        application which enables the user to(“Services):
Types of Information being collected
We may collect the following types of from you in a variety of ways (both
                        directly and
                        indirectly), including, but not limited to, when you visit our website or mobile application,
                        register on the site
                        or mobile application, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other
                        activities, services,
                        features or resources we make available on our website or mobile application.
Personally Identifiable Information
Users may be asked for Personally Identifiable Information as appropriate, which includes, but
                        is not limited to,
                        the Users name, email address, residential address and phone number
Sensitive Personal Information
Users may be asked to provide Sensitive Personal Information, which include
                        but are not limited
                        to financial information such as preferred banking channels, payment methods, card details and
                        diagnostic reports
                        and other medical information
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever
                        they use our
                        Services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of
                        computer or other device
                        and technical information about Users, means of connection to our website or mobile application,
                        such as the
                        operating system and the internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
We may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places
                        cookies on their hard
                        drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information. You may choose to set
                        their web browser to
                        refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, note that some
                        features/ functionalities
                        of the website may not function properly.
Geo location Information
We may request access or permission to track location-based information from
                        your mobile device,
                        either continuously or while you are using our mobile application(s), to provide certain
                        location-based services. If
                        you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Purpose of collection of information from Users and how we use such information
We may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service:
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs
                            more efficiently.
To personalize user experience:
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the
                            services and resources provided on our website or mobile application.
To improve our website and mobile application:
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments:
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to
                            provide
                            service
                            to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent
                            necessary
                            to
                            provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other website or mobile application feature:
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest
                            to them.
To send periodic emails:
We may use the email address to send User information and updates. It may also be used to
                            respond to their
                            inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list,
                            they will receive emails
                            that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at
                            any time the User would
                            like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our
                            website or mobile
                            application.
To help give users a better experience for their orders:
We may use the location data from the Phlebotomists app to share approximate ETA and distance when phlebotomists are
                            on their way to order. The information shared is only used to assist our clients and customers in their
                            decision-making process for the order management business solution such as order status confirmations, order status
                            delivery notifications, order alerts, and refunds if applicable.
How we protect your information
The Information that you provide to us, subject to disclosure in accordance with the terms
                            and
                            conditions, this Privacy Policy and the license agreement that you may enter into with us,
                            shall be
                            maintained in a safe and secure manner. The Company’s databases and information are stored
                            in secure
                            servers with appropriate firewalls. All the communications that happen on our website are
                            secured
                            using
                            256 bit encryption. Your Information is maintained by CrelioHealth in electronic form on its
                            own
                            equipment, and on the equipment of its employees. Such information may also be converted to
                            physical
                            form from time to time if required for the purpose of rendering Services.
CrelioHealth takes all necessary precautions to protect your personal information both
                            online and
                            off-line, and implements reasonable security practices and measures including certain
                            managerial,
                            technical, operational and physical security control measures that are commensurate with
                            industry
                            standards with respect to the information being collected and the nature of CrelioHealth’s
                            business.
In order to use the Services, you may be required to create a user account (“User
                            Account”)which
                            shall
                            be authenticated and secured by a user name and password that you provide. No administrator
                            or
                            employee
                            at CrelioHealth will have knowledge of your password. It is important for you to protect
                            against
                            unauthorised access to your User Account, password, computer and your mobile phone. Be sure
                            to log
                            off
                            from your User Account when finished. The Company does not undertake any liability for any
                            unauthorised
                            use of your account and password. Do remember that you are solely responsible for all acts
                            done
                            under
                            the User Account registered to you. If you suspect any unauthorised use of your account, you
                            must
                            immediately notify the Company by sending an email to info@livehealth.in . You shall be
                            liable to
                            indemnify the Company in respect of any loss suffered by it due to such unauthorised use of
                            your
                            User
                            Account and password.
Disclosure
CrelioHealth makes all user information accessible to its employees, agents or partners and
                            third
                            parties only on a need-to-know basis, and binds only its employees to strict confidentiality
                            obligations.
CrelioHealth assists doctors, technicians to maintain and organise such information.
                            CrelioHealth
                            may,
                            therefore, retain and submit all such records to the appropriate authorities, or to doctors
                            who
                            request
                            access to such information.
CrelioHealth assists patients to access information related to them. CrelioHealth may,
                            therefore,
                            retain
                            and submit all such records to the relevant patients, or to their doctors.
Notwithstanding the above, CrelioHealth is not responsible for the confidentiality, security
                            or
                            distribution of your Personal Information by our partners and third parties outside the
                            scope of our
                            agreement with such partners and third parties. Further, CrelioHealth shall not be
                            responsible for
                            any
                            breach of security or for any actions of any third parties or events that are beyond the
                            reasonable
                            control of CrelioHealth including but not limited to, acts of government, computer hacking,
                            unauthorised
                            access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and
                            encryption,
                            poor
                            quality of Internet service or telephone service of the User etc.
Sharing personal information: Apart from use and disclosure of user information in
                            accordance with
                            this
                            Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions and the license agreement that we may enter into
                            with you,
                            we
                            do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may
                            share
                            generic
                            aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information
                            regarding
                            visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the
                            purposes
                            outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and
                            the
                            website
                            or mobile application, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out
                            newsletters or
                            surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes
                            provided
                            that
                            you have given us your permission.
Third party Websites: Users may find advertising or other content on our website or mobile
                            application that link to
                            the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and
                            other third parties. We do
                            not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the
                            practices employed by
                            websites linked to or from our website or mobile application. In addition, these sites or
                            services, including their
                            content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own
                            privacy policies and
                            customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites
                            which have a link to
                            our website or mobile application, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do,
                        we may post a
                        notification on the main page of our site or send you an email. We encourage users to frequently
                        check this page for
                        any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we
                        collect. You
                        acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically
                        and become aware of
                        the modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this website or mobile application, you signify your acceptance of
                        this privacy policy
                        and the terms and conditions. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website
                        or mobile
                        application. Your continued use of the website or mobile application following the posting of
                        changes to this policy
                        will be deemed as your acceptance to those changes.
Grievance Redressal
If you wish to place a complaint with regard to, privacy requirements or
                        laws, use of or to
                        access any of your Information or would like to correct any errors in your user information,
                        please contact our
                        designated Grievance Redressal Officer, Mr. Mukund Malani at info@livehealth.in so that we can
                        consider and respond
                        to your request. All requests will be addressed no later than thirty (30) days from the date
                        such a request is made.
Terms and Conditions
This Privacy Policy shall form a part and shall be read in conjunction with
                        the SaaS Services terms and conditions and/or the license agreement that you may enter into with
                        us.