Help and Info
About ZAFUL
ZAFUL Story
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
Intellectual Property Policy
International Site
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Shipping Info
Payment Method
Returns
Size and Fit Guides
Shopping FAQ
Contacts
More about ZAFUL
Make Money
Student Discount
Influencer Program
Join Our Community
Coupon Center
Satisfaction Survey
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Personal information is information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you. Personal information also includes anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you.  Personal information does not include information that has been irreversibly anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.
We will only collect and use personal information which is necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to assist us to administer our business and provide you with the services you request.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter the following information: your name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number. You may, however, also visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
We use the information you provide to us for the specific purposes for which you provide the information, as stated at the time of collection, and as otherwise permitted by law. The information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
● To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
● To improve our website and your shopping experience (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
● To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
● To process transactions including executing your payments and delivering the purchased products or services requested. To administer a contest, special promotion, survey, activity or other site feature
● To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you important information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Information
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), our processing of your personal information will be based on the following: To the extent that we obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to Article 6(1) lit. (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”). If the processing of your personal information is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us or for taking pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (b). Where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your personal information on basis of GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (c), and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with GDPR Article 6(1) lit. (f).
Please note that where you have given your consent to the processing of your personal information you may withdraw your consent, for example by sending an e-mail to
Support@zaful.com
at any time which withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of any processing previously made on basis of your consent.
Your rights
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up to date.  You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect. You are also entitled to restrict or object, at any time, to the further processing of your personal information. You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured and standard format and, where technically feasible, the right to have your personal information transmitted directly to a third party. You may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal information.
To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request information from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such information, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal information we maintain.  There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.
You may send us an e-mail to
Support@zaful.com
to exercise your rights.  We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is correct and up to date.
How do we protect your information?
You are responsible for your own username and password safety and security on ZAFUL. We recommend choosing a strong password and changing it frequently. Please do not use the same login details (email and password) across multiple websites.
That said, we do implement a variety of security measures including offering the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Our servers and website are security scanned and fully verified externally by McAfee Secure from Symantec on a daily basis to protect you online.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you have allowed it via your settings). This enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools for you in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are however not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us directly conduct and improve our business. We use, for example, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to help us better understand how users engage with our website. Google Analytics uses cookies in order to collect information on the usage of our website. This information is used to compile reports and create services to help us improve our website and the services associated with it. The reports disclose website trends without identifying individual visitors. The information generated by the Google cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
On some pages of our website, third parties that provide applications through our website may set their own cookies in order to provide services, track the success of their applications or customize applications for you. For example, when you share content using a social media sharing button such as Facebook or Twitter, the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting Customer Service at
Support@zaful.com
.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, executing payments, delivering purchased products or services, sending you information or updates or otherwise servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
How long do we retain your information?
We will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by tax, accounting or other applicable laws.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Terms and Conditions.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contact Us
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or if you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us via e-mail:
Support@zaful.com
.
GDPR Representative
Dr. Jörg Brettschneider, Rechtsanwalt
Brettschneider Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Alter Wall 32
20457 Hamburg
Deutschland/Germany
Contact:
Phone:  (+49)40/334664190
Mobile:  (+49)151/18 10 80 80
Fax:  (+49)40/35 67 48 81
E-Mail: jb@brettschneider.law
1
/6
Haz click aquí para cambiar el idioma y elegir el país, de esta manera podrás ver la página en español. Si tienes una cuenta de Paypal puedes entrar directamente y hacer tus compras. Si no tienes una cuenta de Paypal, nosotros te enseñaremos el proceso para configurar tu cuenta.
https://www.paypal.com/hk/webapps/mpp/home
(Haz click aquí para entrar a la interfaz de Paypal en inglés, luego puedes seleccionar el idioma en la parte inferior de la página, en el rectangulo amarillo.)
2
/6
https://www.paypal.com/es/webapps/mpp/home
Aquí encontrarás la interfaz de Paypal en español.
Luego puedes crear tu cuenta de paypal en el rectangulo amarillo.
3
/6
Puedes elegir registrarte como una cuenta personal o de negocios.
4
/6
Llena la información de cada casilla para crear tu cuenta.
5
/6
Llena la información de cada casilla para continuar configurando tu cuenta.
6
/6
Haz click en el botón izquierdo para regresar a la página 1 o en el botón derecho para regresar a la página 2.
ARE YOU HAPPY TO ACCEPT COOKIES?
To improve and personalise your online experience, and help us provide our valuable customers a wonderful purchasing experience, ZAFUL and our partners need to use cookies. By clicking Yes, I am happy you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, people insights and marketing, as described in our Cookies Policy. To reject cookies or manage your cookies preferences click No, manage settings.
Cookie Policy
.
Yes,I am happy
No, manage settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit our Digital Platforms, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies and similar tracking technologies (“cookies”). We may place our own cookies (first party cookies) or allow our partners and service providers to place their own cookies (third party cookies) and collect information. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to measure website usage and traffic, analyse our Digital Platforms’ performance, create a profile about you, personalise your experience and the content offered to you, carry out certain marketing and advertising activities, which includes tailoring marketing to your interests, as well as to measure ads performance. The cookies and the information collected by them are also used to make the Digital Platforms work. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some categories of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings at any time. When you click on “Confirm my Choices”, below, your preferences will be saved. When you click “Accept All” you agree to the use of all cookies, and when you click “Reject All” all cookies will be disabled apart from the Strictly Necessary Cookies. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the Digital Platforms and the services we are able to offer.
For more information
, please read our
Show more
Cookies Policy
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary cookies that enable you to navigate our Digital Platforms. These cookies are necessary for the Digital Platforms to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Digital Platforms will not then work.
Performance and Analytic Cookies
Performance and Analytics cookies collect certain information that allow us to improve the performance of our Digital Platforms and help us to provide you with what we believe to be the best user experience. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Digital Platforms. These cookies also allow us to build a profile of your interests and browsing patterns, for the purpose of personalising your experience and offering you the most relevant content. They help us to know how our Digital Platforms perform and which pages are the most and least popular and to see how visitors move around the Digital Platforms. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to learn more about the use and performance of our Digital Platforms and your experience will not be as personalised and relevant to you.
Marketing and Advertising Cookies
Marketing and Advertising cookies that enable the tailoring of online advertising based on your browsing activity and the location from which you access our Digital Platforms. These cookies include cookies set by our advertising partners. The cookies are used (i) by us to measure traffic to our Digital Platforms and for the purpose of personalising services and offering you the most relevant content, and (ii) by us and by our partners to build a profile and to show you and other people relevant adverts and content both on our Digital Platforms as well as on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will continue to see online advertising and content, but that advertising and content will be less tailored to you.
Confirm my Choices
×