OH SHE GLOWS PRIVACY POLICY
Oh She Glows, Personal Information Protection and Privacy
Oh She Glows is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the integrity of any Personal Information we collect. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about how and why we collect Personal Information, to outline the steps we take to keep your Personal Information confidential, and to provide you with contact information should you have questions or concerns about our Personal Information protection practices.
This Privacy Policy will also inform you about our privacy practices as they pertain to your use of our web site at
www.ohsheglows.com
(our “Website”) and our mobile application
Oh She Glows – Healthy Plant-Based Recipes
(the “App”). Taken together the Web Site and the App are called the “Interactive Services”.
This Privacy Policy applies to all aspects of our Interactive Services, whether made available or accessed via the internet, other third parties, or on mobile devices. This Privacy Policy also applies to any Personal Information we may collect by other means.
“Personal Information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, is information about an individual who is identifiable by use of that information alone or with some other information that is available to us, and information that we combine directly with that identifying information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the our
Terms of Service
. By using any of our Interactive Services, you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Collection of Personal Information
a. Why does Oh She Glows collect your Personal Information
?
Oh She Glows collects Personal Information about you and uses it for the following reasons:
To improve service delivery.
Oh She Glows monitors and analyzes traffic and use of its Website and App in order to determine which features and services are popular and useful to visitors and users, so that we can improve our content and services and better tailor our services to our users’ interests and needs;
For marketing purposes.
We may use your contact information from our newsletter’s registration process to send you marketing communications and/or promotional information. Contact information may be used to contact you when necessary. Unique identifiers verify your identity and are used in our record system;
For secondary marketing purposes.
We may enable our advertising providers to collect information about you from your use of the Interactive Services for their use to display ads they think you may be interested in or to help tailor content for you.
To better understand your interests.
Oh She Glows also may prepare aggregated user statistics or information summaries to describe our services and their popularity to our distribution partners and prospective advertisers and for other lawful purposes. The aggregated user statistics and information will not contain any personally identifiable information.
To serve you.
Oh She Glows may collect Personal Information about you directly from you if you contact us, for purposes of better serving you and responding to your requests.
For notifications.
For users that opt-in, we like to send you updates when there are new recipes or other newsworthy things to share.
b. What Personal Information does Oh She Glows collect?
Oh She Glows collects various types of Personal Information.
During the process of registering to receive our newsletter, you will be asked to give certain contact information (such as your name and e-mail address). By providing us with your registration information, you consent to receive marketing communications and/or promotional offers from Oh She Glows, with the option to withdraw your consent at any time.
Our App collects the following data when you opt-in to data collection and/or notifications:
Analytics: When you opt-in to data collection through the app, we gather users’ mobile device type, screen size, software level and information about App usage. This data is only used for our purposes to see how the app is being used and to be able to implement improvements through the app.
Push notification token: this is only collected when you opt-in to notifications within the app. Without this we cannot send you notifications to your mobile device.
Country: this is only collected when you opt-in to notifications to better tailor your notifications. For example, to let you know of a new holiday specific recipe that is only in your country.
Language: this is only collected when you opt-in to notifications so that we can send English or French notifications only to the devices that match the same language.
We collect information about purchases of our products, and geographic information about where our Information Services are used.
Your activity on our Information Services, including time spent, usage patterns, and web sites visited prior and subsequent to your use of Information Services and other information about your usage of our Information Services as outlined below may be collected automatically through cookies and other electronic functions on our site. You can always opt out of these methods of collection of your Personal Information, as outlined below.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites and our App in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and see below in the Cookies and Web Beacons section of this Privacy Policy.
We may also collect Personal Information you provide to us when you contact us directly to discuss our services or your preferences. Such information might include your contact details and preferences.
How Does Oh She Glows Collect Personal Information?
Oh She Glows may obtain and collect your Personal Information through the following means:
Log Files.
Like many other Web sites, OhSheGlows.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked by us to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons.
Our Website uses a feature called “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. “Cookies” can be used to store Personal Information about visitor preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
Web Forms.
Our website allows comments and other optional forms. In our comments we collect your email to let you know if someone has followed up on your comment.
Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us and our advertising partners determine whether a web page on the Website has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Website, such as an ad banner, can function as a web beacon.
Oh She Glows and our advertising partners use cookies and web beacons on our Website to deliver content specific to your interests based on a user’s prior visits to the Website and/or other sites on the internet. Cookies, by themselves, cannot be used to disclose your individual identity. A cookie will identify your browser, but not you, to our servers when you visit our Website. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browsers to refuse cookies. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may be limited in some areas of our website.
Our use of cookies includes, but is not necessarily limited to, the following:
DoubleClick DART Cookie:  Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on OhSheGlows.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to OhSheGlows.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting
Ads Settings
.
Additional advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site for the purposes stated above. Our advertising partners consist of the following:
CafeMedia
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
https://www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Google Adsense
https://adsense.com
Amazon
https://advertising.amazon.com
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on OhSheGlows.com directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by these third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. To opt out of these third party advertiser’s targeted advertisements, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or in Canada at
http://youradchoices.ca/choices/
.
Manual and Electronic Forms.
During a visit to the Oh She Glows Website, you may be asked to complete various forms for releasing various types of Personal Information, such as for your entry into various promotions and contests or signing up for our newsletter. When participating in these newsletters, promotions and contests, you may be asked to provide us with certain Personal Information which will be used for marketing purposes as stated on our Website or in the circulation of the particular newsletter or administration of the promotion or contest.
Direct Contact From You.
We may collect Personal Information directly from you if you contact us in any manner, or where we respond to you, to discuss our services or your preferences and how we can better meet your needs.
Through Mobile App Conditions
. Our mobile App collects information such as device type, screen size and usage information within the App itself.
The Disclosure of Personal Information
Oh She Glows does not sell to third parties any Personal Information we collect. Oh She Glows may disclose or share some Personal Information we collect with selected service providers who help us provide personalised content and advertising to you or to otherwise provide business functions to us that are consistent with the reason we collected the Personal Information. Oh She Glows takes steps to ensure that any service providers with whom we share any Personal Information are committed to maintaining the privacy of your Personal Information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
We also may disclose Personal Information about you as required by law, to enforce our policies or legal rights, to potential buyers or investors in our business, or to protect anyone’s rights, property or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.
How Oh She Glows Protects Your Privacy
Oh She Glows keeps the Personal Information we collect about you strictly confidential. Only authorized personnel have access to this Personal Information. Oh She Glows uses reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards and precautions to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration and destruction while in our possession. Oh She Glows will keep your Personal Information only for as long as it remains necessary or relevant for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
Your Consent
By choosing to provide us with your Personal Information you are consenting to its use in accordance with the principles outlined in this Privacy Policy and as outlined at the time you are asked to provide any Personal Information.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide any Personal Information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law. We respect children’s privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 18. We do not intentionally direct any advertising to individuals under the age of 18. By using the Website or the App, you represent and warrant that you are either 18 years of age or using the Information Service with the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Any Personal Information you submit will not be released prior to your consent to any third parties, excluding those contracted by Oh She Glows to provide marketing communications or research services.
If you don’t want Oh She Glows to use Personal Information collected about you for marketing or research purposes, or for any other purpose stated by us in this Privacy Policy or otherwise, please tell us at the time the information is collected. You can also contact us by e-mail at
webmaster@ohsheglows.com
. You can unsubscribe from the Oh She Glows newsletter by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in our email newsletter or be sending us an email with “unsubscribe” as the sole entry in the subject line at
newsletter@ohsheglows.com
.
Oh She Glows uses third party service providers which may be located outside of Canada. As such, any Personal Information you provide to us may be stored and processed on computers and by service providers outside of Canada and may be accessible by law enforcement authorities and others in such foreign jurisdictions pursuant to their local laws. By providing any type of Personal Information to us, you acknowledge and agree that this information may be stored or used outside of Canada.
Updates To This Privacy Policy
Oh She Glows encourages you to review our on-line Privacy Policy on a periodic basis. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time-to-time and your continued use of our Website or App will be your consent to the use of your Personal Information as set out in the Privacy Policy.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The data collected with our Interactive Services for analytics purposes associated with cookies, user identifiers, or advertising identifiers expires after 2 months.
Data collected for app notifications, user comments, newsletter signups is stored perpetually or until the data becomes stale and is no longer needed.
If you would like your data removed manually, we can accommodate that in which it will take 30 days after your request before it is fully removed from our backup system.
Contacting Us
If you would like more information about Oh She Glows’ Personal Information collection, use and disclosure practices or you would like to better understand and verify what Personal Information we have collected about you please contact us at
webmaster@ohsheglows.com
. We can assist you in correcting any inaccurate information. Please let us know about your questions or concerns and we will do our best to help you.
You can access and review your Personal Information held by Oh She Glows and make corrections to it. If you wish to do so, please send an e-mail to
webmaster@ohsheglows.com
. If there will be any charge for your request, Oh She Glows will advise you in advance. In some cases Oh She Glows will be required to keep your Personal Information confidential. If we deny any request made by you for access to your Personal Information we will provide you with an explanation.
Advertising Privacy Statement
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
To help understand your interests, CafeMedia, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at
adinquiries@ohsheglows.com and contact AdThrive at
info@adthrive.com
. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
For California Residents
California law gives residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information to third parties, including for advertising purposes. Under California law, the sharing of your information with a service provider for advertising purposes could be considered a “sale.” To opt out of the sharing of your information for advertising information,
click the opt out link provided in the footer of this page. You also have the right to request from us the categories of personal information that we have shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was provided. To make such a request, please contact us at
info@adthrive.com
. To be clear we do not share your name, contact information, or any other sensitive information with third parties, and the categories of third parties that we share information with for advertising purposes are supply side platforms, programmatic advertising exchanges, and demand side platforms.
© Glo Bakery Corporation. All rights reserved.
Change Log:
2016-03-12
2020-10-16
– Updated list of advertisers.
2023-01-04
– Updated 3rd Party advertiser CafeMedia’s, to link directly to their privacy policy
2023-06-09
– Updated to include information regarding the user data collected from app users when they opt-in to data collection or notifications.