Wellbeing
Health
Health program
Women's health
Bone health
Renal patient
Cancer patient
Cardiovascular health
Digestive health
Obesity and Bariatric Surgery
Endocrine health
Business
Contact
EN
English
Español
Português Brasil
Română
Data Controller
The company responsible for processing your data according to this Privacy Policy is:
NOOTRIC S.L
NIF: B66690280
Registered office: C/Mossen J. Verdaguer 6-8 S 3a, 08940  Cornellá de Llobregat - Barcelona
Email address: support@nootric.com
Website: nootric.es
Telephone no: 933 777 994
Registered in the (Commercial / Public) Register: Barcelona al Tomo 45190, Folio 52, Inscripción 1, Hoja 479758
At NOOTRIC S.L, we recognise the importance of protecting your personal information and we are committed to processing it responsibly and in compliance with the data protection laws.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to regulate all the aspects relating to the processing of data of the different users browsing the website or providing their personal details on the different forms to be found on it.
Personal Data
Personal Data is the information that identifies you or may identify you. Through the website, in the boxes that are stablished for that purpose, it is collected the personal data that the User provides us: Name, surname, email, telephone number, postal code, city, etc. In addition, it is collected all the personal data that the User voluntarily provides us through any of the social networks, of which the User is registered. In this case, the privacy settings will depend on both the configuration that the User established as well as the terms and conditions of the social network itself.
When a user visits the website, this does not mean that he/she has to provide any information about his/her personal data. However, if such information is provided, the data will be processed lawfully and subject at all times to the principles and rights contained in the GDPR 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 and the LOPDGDD 3/2018 of 5 December.
Purpose, duration and legitimation of the processing:
We will process the data provided to us by the user for the following purposes:
To deal with the user’s application or request made using the
contact form
on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process and manage his/her application, query or any request made using said form. We will keep these data for the time necessary to comply with the request and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years.
The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
To manage the experiences or opinions regarding the products and/or services through the
user opinions
that will be published on the website, and thereby help other users. The only personal data that will be published in relation to the user opinion will be the user’s name and town/city. We will keep the data given to us for as long as the user does not request that they be revoked, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years.
The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering using the form provided for this purpose on the website and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request.
To deal with and manage the purchase made by the user using the
purchase form
on the website. We collect and process the user’s personal data to enable us to process the order and subsequent payment for the products and services offered on the website. We will keep these data for the duration of the contractual relationship between the parties and for the time established by law for compliance with the tax obligations.
The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the performance of a contract of sale to which the data subject is a party. If the user does not provide his/her personal data, it will not be possible to manage his/her purchase and the requested service cannot be provided.
To save the abandoned
shopping cart
and remind the User that they have left a product in the shopping cart, in case they had initiated a purchase by entering their email address. The personal data will be kept at the moment the User adds the selected product to the shopping cart until the moment he confirms it for a period not exceeding five days. The ground of lawfulness for the processing of the personal data will be the legitimate interests of the Controller for facilitating as much as possible the purchase of the product to which the User has shown interest by adding it to the cart.
To
draw up
profiles. We collect analytical data on the purchases made by the user and his/her interests and preferences. This allows us to offer him/her the products and services that might be of interest. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for drawing up profiles is the user’s consent, granted by checking the corresponding box. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
To register as a
registered user
on the
registration form
on the website, which will allow the user to access his/her private services area and be informed of our activities; this will enable us to send him/her by any electronic medium commercial communications about the new features of our services. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not request cancellation of his/her registration, and for the time established by law, with a minimum duration of 3 years.
The basis for legitimation of the data processing will be the consent granted by the user when registering with the registration form and checking the box for acceptance of our privacy policy before sending the request. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
To improve the user experience when browsing the website. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed by deleting the cookies, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for improving website browsing is the consent given by the user when accepting the cookies. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
To manage our
social networks
and send users information about our activities and products. We will keep these data for as long as the user does not revoke his/her consent to them being processed, for the time established by law and for a minimum duration of 3 years. The legitimate basis for managing our social networks and sending users our activities and new features is the consent we are given to do so. The user has the right to revoke his/her consent at any time, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given prior to it being withdrawn.
Assignment or communication of personal data and international transfers
Your data will not be communicated or transferred to third parties unless there is a legal obligation, or to those service providers associated with the Controller which act as data processors.
We use Mixpanel, a data analytics platform, to gather information in order to improve our services, provide user support, and conduct marketing activities. Mixpanel executes standard contractual clauses along with additional security guarantees to ensure that the data they share with us receives legal protections equivalent to those found in Europe.
By using our services, you consent to your personal data being transferred to Mixpanel for the purposes of analysis, user support, and marketing. This transfer is done in accordance with the European Commission's Adequacy Decision, and Mixpanel has implemented appropriate security measures to protect your data during transfer and processing.
You can learn more about how Mixpanel handles your personal data and your rights in relation to it by consulting Mixpanel's privacy policy on their website.
Data will not be transferred internationally; if, at any time, this might be required, the user will be informed so that his/her consent can be obtained.
Updating of data
In order for us to keep the personal data up to date, the user must always inform us of any change in said data; if this is not done, we cannot be liable for the veracity of the data.
The user guarantees that the personal data provided are true, and guarantees that all the information provided corresponds to reality, is up to date and is accurate. He/she is obliged to communicate any modification thereto.
Third Party Data
If the user provides third party data for any purpose to NOOTRIC S.L, he/she guarantees that he/she has obtained these data lawfully, has informed the affected parties in advance, has obtained his/her consent to communicate them, and that the information provided is accurate and true.
Compulsory nature of the information requested
All our forms have an asterisk (*) to indicate which details are compulsory. If the user does not complete these fields, or does not check the privacy policy box, the information will not be sent.
Use of passwords
In order to access your account, the USER must "Log in" and include the email address and password generated in the registration form according to the complexity rules established at each moment on the web.
The users are responsible for the adequate custody and confidentiality of any identifiers and/or passwords that they have selected in the registration from, and they undertake not to assign their use to third parties, nor to allow their access to outsiders.
Likewise, it will be the obligation of the user to notify immediately to the Controller any fact that allows the misuse of the identifiers and/or passwords, such as theft, loss, or unauthorized access to them, in order to proceed to its immediate cancellation.
Rights of data subjects
You have the right to access your data and obtain confirmation regarding the processing thereof, as well as a copy of the personal data being processed. You have the right to update them and request that any inaccurate data be corrected, or request removal of the data when they are not necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. You may request a restriction in the processing of your data and object to them being processed by revoking your consent, and also exercise your right to data portability. Similarly, you have the right not to be the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data. You may exercise your rights by contacting us C/Mossen J. Verdaguer 6-8 S 3a, 08940  Cornellá de Llobregat - Barcelona. Email: support@nootric.com
If you consider that your rights have not been duly respected, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency www.aepd.es
Processing of the data of Minors
Anyone providing data through the forms on this website and accepting the processing of such states that he/she is at least 14 years old. Access to, and use of the website is prohibited for anyone younger than 14. If, at any time, the Data Controller detects that a person younger than 14 years of age has provided personal data, we will cancel said data. In addition, parents or tutors may in any event write to NOOTRIC S.L to block any access account created by minors in their charge who have registered by falsifying their identity.
Social Networks
The object of social tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. or other social networks is to give visibility and dissemination of the activities that take place in our organization. These social tools store personal data in the servers of the corresponding services and are governed by their own privacy policy. It is recommended to review and read the conditions of use and the privacy policy of the social network at the time of registration, taking into account the different configuration´s possibilities regarding the privacy of the user’s profile in the social network.
In addition, the Controller reserves the right to erase from its social networks any published information by third-parties that trespasses the legality, encourages to infringe it or contains messages that infringe upon human dignity or institutions. Likewise, the Controller reserves the right to block or report the author´s profile of such content.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is downloaded and stored on the user’s computer when he/she access a website. Cookies allow the website, amongst other things, to store and recover information on the browsing habits of the user or of his/her computer and, depending on the information they contain and the way in which you use your computer, they may be used for user recognition.
The user has the option to prevent the generation of cookies, by selecting the corresponding option in his/her browser program. You can obtain more information by reading our
Cookies policy
.
Update date: 9 April 2024
Cookies are important for you, they influence on your browsing experience, they help us to protect your privacy and allow us to proceed with your requests that you demand through the website. We use our own and third-party cookies to analyze our services and provide you with advertising related to your preferences on the basis of a profile made with your browsing habits (for example, visited pages). If you consent to its installation, click on "Accept Cookies", or you can also set your preferences by pressing "Cookie settings". More information in our
Cookies policy
.
Reject cookies
Cookies settings
Accept cookies