Privacy Policy
Last updated - 14th February 2024
LiveBuzz Ltd
Registered Office:  Norfolk House, 47 Upper Parliament Street, Nottingham, England, NG1 2AB
Company Number: 07496832
LiveBuzz Online Ltd
(LiveBuzz Manuals & Marketplace)
Registered Office:  Norfolk House, 47 Upper Parliament Street, Nottingham, England, NG1 2AB
Company Number: 14018979
LiveBuzz Online Ltd Policies
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies
LiveBuzz Ltd Policies
The details below apply to LiveBuzz Ltd which shall be referred to hereon in as "LiveBuzz".
Who are we?
LiveBuzz is an award-winning provider of Event Registration, Event Websites and Event Staffing.
What do we do?
LiveBuzz collects and stores data about you on behalf of an event organiser when you register for an event so that you can enter and engage with any of the systems that are provided by LiveBuzz in order to enhance your visit to the event. This policy lets you know why and how we store your data and what happens to it during your visit to an event.
What data do we collect?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure. LiveBuzz will collect one or more of the following types of data about you:
Contact Information
Name, Address, Email Address, Phone numbers
Question/answer information
Questions in addition to your name and contact information that you might be asked when you completed an online form
Order Information
Details of orders placed, billing and delivery address details.
Payment checking information
Checks made when processing card payments, for example, fraud and card misuse checks.
System information
IP address(es) and browsing activity from our services.
Communications
Details of communications sent to, and received by an individual.
Attendance Capacity
We will collect data on the capacity that you attended the event, for example as a visitor or as an exhibitor.
Why do we collect this data?
LiveBuzz will use the data we collect for a number of different reasons. the specific reason which we process your data will vary from event to event but will contain one or more of the following:
Your Entry to the event:
Communications with you on behalf of the event organiser.
Delivery of tickets/passes via post
Suggest Exhibitors/products of interest
Enable you to schedule meetings with other attendees or exhibitors
Enable you to update your privacy settings
Process orders and financial transactions
You are an event organiser and we hold your data in order to facilitate our services.
How do we use this data?
LiveBuzz will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. LiveBuzz is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Will you receive communications from us?
You will receive communication from us, on behalf of the event organisers when once you have completed the registration process, with your confirmation and booking references, you may also receive follow up reminder for the event and event specific updates. You may also be contacted by the event organiser about other similar events or occurrence of the same event. If you are attending the event in an exhibitor capacity, you may receive emails directly from LiveBuzz in relation to lead capture devices for hire during the event.  LiveBuzz may also communicate directly with event organisers about its products or services.
Is your data shared with anyone?
LiveBuzz will not pass on your personal data to third parties without first gaining your consent. Consent to pass on your data may be given by allowing your pass to be scanned by an exhibitor at one of our events. In this case, the exhibitor which scanned your badge will have your name, address, contact data and some or all of you question responses which you provided during the registration process disclosed to them. In some cases where we are legally obliged, we may need to share your data with law enforcement services.
Our Legal basis for processing
LiveBuzz acts as a contractor for our clients to collect and process data for individuals who have registered their intent on attending the event or have a legitimate interest in attending the event. In some cases, you may have made a financial transaction with us meaning that there are legal obligations for us to process and hold your data. Our legal basis for processing will be one or more of the following:
Contractual Obligation:
You have entered into a contract with LiveBuzz or the Client for which LiveBuzz is processing data on behalf of.
Legitimate Interest
The client or LiveBuzz believe that there is a legitimate interest for your data to be processed
Consent
You have Consented, (opted in) to a receive communications or service provided by LiveBuzz or their client.
How long will your data be stored for?
LiveBuzz will process personal data for the duration of the contract with the client for which we are processing the data on behalf of. LiveBuzz will destroy or anonymise the data 12 months after the termination of the contract for which we are processing the data for.
Your Rights
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access
– you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification
– you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten
– in certain circumstances, you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing
– where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability
– you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object
– you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling
– you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review -
in the event that LiveBuzz refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain to the supervisory authority as details under "complaints".
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
LiveBuzz at your request can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If LiveBuzz does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of [Organisation Name] or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
In order to safeguard your data, requests to access this information must be accompanied with identification, you will need to provide 2 forms of identification from the following list:
Passport
Driving licence
Birth certificate
Utility bill from the last 3 months.
Contact Information and Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by LiveBuzz, or subcontractors used by LiveBuzz, or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and LiveBuzz’s data protection representatives with the details below.
LiveBuzz
George House
Herald Avenue
Coventry
CV5 6UB
United Kingdom
Tel: 02476 711 493
Email:
info@livebuzz.co.uk
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://login.exhibitionarchitect.co.uk/TermsAndConditions/PrivacyPolicy:
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our
Terms of Use
and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data collected from you, or that you provide, will be processed by LiveBuzz Online Ltd, its subsidiary or parent companies and/or affiliates (“
we
” or “
us
”). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting this website (the “site”), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is LiveBuzz Online Ltd (company number 14018979), whose registered office is at Norfolk House, 47 Upper Parliament Street, Nottingham, NG1 2AB.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
(1)
Information you give us:
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on the site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product or service, complete any forms, surveys or statements, place an order on our site and when you report a problem with our site. The information you give us may include (without limitation): your name or company name, company number, VAT number, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information and personal descriptions, photographs and copies of identity documents (such as passports).
(2)
Information we collect about you:
With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information:
(a)    technical information, including (without limitation) the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
(b)   information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products or services you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
(3)
Information we receive from other sources:
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
(1)
Information you give to us:
We will use this information:
(a)    to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
(b)   to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
(c)    to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the order form);
(d)   to notify you about changes to our service;
(e)    to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
(2)
Information we collect about you:
We will use this information:
(a)    to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
(b)   to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
(c)    to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
(d)   as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
(e)    to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
(f)    to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
(3)
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
(a)    Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
(b)   Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate anonymised information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience; and
(c)    Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
(a)    In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
(b)   If LiveBuzz Online Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; and
(c)    If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
,
Acceptable Use Policy
,
Privacy Policy
and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of LiveBuzz Online Ltd and our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You are prohibited from sharing your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.  You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at
eahelp@livebuzz.co.uk
.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Applicable Law
This Privacy Policy, its subject matter and its formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to
eahelp@livebuzz.co.uk
.