Recipes
Cookware
Guides
For Work
Log in
Download
Privacy Policy of
Mealime
This Application provides simple meal plans and related shopping lists, recipes and other related information for busy individuals, couples, and families.
The Privacy Policy describes how Mealime collects, protects, uses and discloses Personal Information that is collected by Mealime or provided by you as you use This Application.
To take advantage of some of the features of This Application you will have to provide us with your Personal Information. We need to collect, use and disclose your Personal Information when you create an account with us and when you subscribe for access to This Application.
Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. In order to learn more about the protection criteria, Users can refer to the applicability section.
This document contains a
section dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
"This Application" refers to
this website, including its subdomains and any other website through which the Owner makes its Service available;
applications for mobile, tablet and other smart device systems;
the Application Program Interfaces (API);
the Service;
any applications, sample and content files, source code, scripts, instruction sets or software included as part of the Service, as well as any related documentation;
Full Privacy Policy
Owner and Data Controller
Mealime Meal Plans Inc.
1050 West Pender, Suite 400
Vancouver, B.C.
Canada
V6E 3S7
Owner contact email:
privacy@mealime.com
Representation for data subjects in the EU
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter as our privacy representative and your point of contact.
Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit: [https://prighter.com/q/12632801074]
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address; first name; Tracker; Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Infrastructure monitoring, Managing contacts and sending messages, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Analytics, Contacting the User and Managing data collection and online surveys.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Elastic Cloud
We use Elastic Cloud to store data for analytics purposes and for our application infrastructure.
Google Analytics (Google LLC)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Mealime, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Redash
We use Redash to analyze usage of our application in order to make improvements.
Contacting the User
Helpscout
We use Helpscout to manage customer support requests and communicate with users.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable Mealime to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Mealime.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Heroku (Salesforce.com, inc.)
Heroku is a hosting service provided by Salesforce.com, inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
DigitalOcean (DigitalOcean Inc.)
DigitalOcean is a hosting service provided by DigitalOcean Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Vercel
We use Vercel to host our marketing site.
Google Cloud Storage (Google LLC)
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Astronomer
We use Astronomer to transfer data to our data warehouse for analytics.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows Mealime to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of Mealime.
Sentry (Functional Software, Inc. )
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional Software, Inc. .
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Postmark (Wildbit LLC)
Postmark is an email address management and message sending service provided by Wildbit LLC.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: identifiers.
Sendgrid (Sendgrid)
Sendgrid is an email address management and message sending service provided by Sendgrid Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Managing data collection and online surveys
This type of service allows Mealime to manage the creation, deployment, administration, distribution and analysis of online forms and surveys in order to collect, save and reuse Data from any responding Users.
The Personal Data collected depend on the information asked and provided by the Users in the corresponding online form.
These services may be integrated with a wide range of third-party services to enable the Owner to take subsequent steps with the Data processed - e.g. managing contacts, sending messages, analytics, advertising and payment processing.
SurveyMonkey (SurveyMonkey Inc.)
SurveyMonkey is a survey builder and data collection platform provided by SurveyMonkey Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: identifiers.
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows Mealime to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between Mealime and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Cloudflare (Cloudflare Inc.)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through Mealime, i.e., communication between Mealime and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from Mealime to be collected.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
Manage food related activity data
Mealime does not store food related activity information, but allows you to send your food related activity to the third parties listed below:
Apple HealthKit (Apple Inc.)
HealthKit is an activity data handling service provided by Apple Inc. that enables you to access or store activity data.
Personal Information collected: food related activity.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy.
Mealime does not collect any health data from HealthKit, but allows you to share nutritional information about your consumed meals to HealthKit.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
Users entitled to broader protection standards may exercise any of the rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with the Owner to find out which rights apply to them.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Applicability of broader protection standards
While most provisions of this document concern all Users, some provisions expressly only apply if the processing of Personal Data is subject to broader protection standards.
Such broader protection standards apply when the processing:
is performed by an Owner based within the EU;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and is related to the offering of paid or unpaid goods or services, to such Users;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and allows the Owner to monitor such Users’ behavior taking place in the EU.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, the User may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Information for Californian consumers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to "The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and, for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we've collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers and internet information.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a third party for business purposes. In this case, we enter a written agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the relevant section of this document.
Sale of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer's personal information by the business to
another business or a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration
”.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like.
Your right to opt out of the sale of personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any verifiable request, simply by following the instructions below.
Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If you’d like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in regard to all the sales carried out by this Application, both online and offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact details provided in this document.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of this Application and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the personal information that we collect about you, the purposes for which we use your information and with whom such information is shared;
in case of sale of personal information or disclosure for a business purpose, two separate lists where we disclose:
for sales, the personal information categories purchased by each category of recipient; and
for disclosures for a business purpose, the personal information categories obtained by each category of recipient.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on this Application, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us through our
privacy center
.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.
You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: April 13, 2021
Blog
Support
Contact
For Work
Press Kit
Terms
Privacy
|
©
2025
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse you accept the use of cookies.
okay
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/full_privacy/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us
We use cookies on our website to improve website performance, to analyze website usage and to tailor content and offers to your interests. 

Advertising and functional cookies are only placed with your consent. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you consent to us placing these cookies. By clicking “Do Not Accept”, you reject the usage of such cookies. We always place required cookies that do not require consent, which are necessary for the website to work properly.

For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Do Not Accept
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
General Information
Required Cookies
Functional Cookies
Advertising Cookies
General Information
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
Privacy Statement
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Page topics
Commitments
4
Data Privacy FAQs
11
Commitments
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Securityassurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
Catch up on re:Invent
|  Watch the latest keynotes on-demand. Explore Videos Now »
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 3
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Legal & Security
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on
January 1, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes how DigitalOcean, LLC and its affiliates (“DigitalOcean,” “we,” “our” or “us”) collect, use, and share Personal Information (including “Personal Data,” as those terms are defined under applicable law) in connection with your use of our websites (including
www.digitalocean.com
,
www.cloudways.com
, and related domains and websites), services, and applications (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) does not apply to information or content our customers may process when using our Services.
If you are looking for California-specific information, check out our
CCPA Privacy Notice
as well, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy.
We may collect and receive information about users of our Services (“users,” “you,” or “your”) from various sources, including: (i) information you provide through your user account on the Services (your “Account”) if you register for the Services; (ii) your use of the Services; and (iii) from third-party websites, services, and partners.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full, including the Additional Disclosures referenced at the bottom of this document, to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or DigitalOcean’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, please contact us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
1.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information about you as follows:
Personal Information You Provide: We collect Personal Information when you register for an Account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows
I.
Account Registration.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including your name, company name, address and/or your city and country of residence and postal code, email address, payment method information including your PayPal ID and transaction information, business information, a profile image in connection with use of certain of our Services if you choose to provide one, and telephone number. If you choose to refer a friend to our Services, we may also collect your friend’s email address so that we may send them a referral or promotional code to sign up for our Services.
II.
Payment Information.
When you add your financial account information to your Account, that information is directed to our third-party payment processors. We do not store your financial account information on our systems; however, we have access to, and may retain, subscriber information we receive from  through our third-party payment processors.
III.
User Content.
When you use our Services, we collect Personal Information that is included in the input, file uploads, or feedback that you provide our Services. For example, our “Community” feature allows you to publicly post content on our Services. By registering for our Community, you agree that your profile information and the content you post may be viewed and used by other users and third parties we do not control.
IV.
Communication Information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
V.
Other Information You Provide.
We collect other information that you may provide to us such as when you participate in events, surveys, research activities, or information you provide to establish your identity.
Personal Information we Receive Automatically: When you interact with or use our Services, we receive the following information:
I.
Log Data.
Information that your browser or device automatically sends when you use our Services including but not limited to your IP address.
II.
Device and Configuration Information.
Information including the type of the device you are using, operating system, configuration information, device identifiers, location of files and other data, and browser type and settings.
III.
Usage Data.
When you use our Services, we may collect information about your engagement with and utilization of our Services, such as processor and memory usage, storage capacity, navigation of our Services, system-level metrics, etc. We use this Usage Data to operate and improve the Services, maintain and improve the performance and utilization of the Services, develop new features, products, or functionality, protect the security and safety of our Services and our customers, and provide customer support. We also use this Usage Data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, improve, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business.
IV.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies to operate and administer the Services and personalize and improve your experience with them. We may also store information that we collect through cookies, log files, and/or clear gifs to record your preferences, to collect information about your use of our Services, about the functionality of our Services, frequency of visits, and other information related to your interactions with the Services. For more information on how we use cookies and similar technologies, please visit the Cookie Policy.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
I.
Third-Party Accounts.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we will receive information about that account, such as your authentication token from the third-party account, to authorize linking. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
2.
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following purposes and in accordance with the legal bases outlined below:
Purpose
Examples
Legal bases
To provide, operate, administer, maintain, improve, expand, personalize, and analyze your Usage Data, and to develop new products, Services, features, or functionality based on your Usage Data
To create, update, and manage your DigitalOcean account or improve the Services based on Usage Data we collect
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To process your transactions
To share and receive information about your payment method and transaction data from our payment processors
Performance of a contract or legitimate interest
To complete surveys or conduct research
To develop new services, solutions, and products or get feedback from you on existing services
Legitimate interest
To communicate with you (either directly or through a partner) including to send you information about our Services or events or to provide you customer service
To manage your online requests for more information or demos or to contact you if needed
Take steps prior to entering into a contract or performance of a contract
To send you marketing or promotional materials
To send you marketing and promotional materials about DigitalOcean services
Legitimate interest
To prevent fraud or misuse of our Services, and to protect the security and integrity of our Services, IT systems, network, and architecture
To investigate suspicious or fraudulent activity, to protect our business from fraud or risk, to take action in the event of a security breach, or to investigate any disputes
Legitimate interest
To comply with legal obligations and protect our, your, and third parties’ rights, privacy, safety, or security
To comply with legal obligations and manage your data access and deletion requests
Legal and regulatory obligations to which DigitalOcean is subject
3.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect in various ways, including the following:
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share information with third-party vendors and service providers that provide services on our behalf, such as helping to provide our Services, for promotional and/or marketing purposes, and to provide you with information relevant to you such as product announcements, software updates, special offers, or other information.
Aggregate Information.
Where legally permissible, we may use and share information about users with our partners in aggregated or de-identified form that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising.
We work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our Services, and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance. To learn more about these programs, or opt-out of personalized ads, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory program for Online Behavioral Advertising at
www.aboutads.info
, or the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Third-Party Partners.
We also share information about users with third-party partners in order to receive additional publicly available information about you.
Information We Share When You Sign Up Through a Referral.
If you sign up for our Services through a referral from a friend, we may share information with your referrer to let them know that you used their referral to sign up for our Services.
Analytics.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect non-identifying information. Google provides some additional privacy options regarding its Analytics cookies at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Business Transfers.
Information may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to any potential acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any proposed merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may also share information to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request including requests made by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; (iv) respond to your requests; or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
With Your Consent.
We may share information with your consent.
Other Third Parties.
We may share your Personal Information with other third parties, such as other cloud hosting providers, such as, for example, when you use our Cloudways Service.
4.
Third-party Services
You may access other third-party offerings through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those third-party offerings from within the Services. DigitalOcean is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third-party offerings, and we encourage you to carefully review their privacy policies. For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of third party services or sites. By providing these links to third parties, we do not endorse those third party services or sites and such links are provided for your convenience and informational purposes only.
5.
Security
DigitalOcean is committed to data security. To do so, we employ a variety of security technologies and measures designed to help protect information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
For more information on DigitalOcean’s security controls, please see the following resources:
Data Processing Agreement (DPA)
Certification Reports
6.
Data Retention
We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide you our Services, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements.
7.
Access
If you are a registered user, you may access certain information associated with your Account by logging into our Services or emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
. If you terminate your Account, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion may remain stored on our servers and may remain accessible to the public.
To help protect your privacy and security, we may also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before updating or removing your information. The information you provide us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to backup processes conducted in the ordinary course of business for disaster recovery purposes. Your ability to access and correct your information may be temporarily limited where access and correction could: (i) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to comply with a legal obligation; (ii) inhibit DigitalOcean’s ability to investigate, make or defend legal claims; (iii) result in disclosure of personal data about a third party; or (iv) result in breach of a contract or disclosure of trade secrets or other proprietary business information belonging to DigitalOcean or a third party.
8.
Your Data Protection Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), you have the following data protection rights:
Right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Information, which you can do at any time by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to delete your Personal Information by deactivating and purging your Account in your control panel settings (e.g.,
https://cloud.digitalocean.com/settings
). All Account data will be deleted within 90 days of purging.
Right to object to the processing of your Personal Information, asking us to restrict the processing of your Personal Information, or requesting portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us by emailing
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
Right to withdraw your consent, if we have collected and processed your Personal Information with your consent.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
9.
Your Choices
You can use some of the features of the Services without registering, thereby limiting the type of information that we collect.
You may unsubscribe from receiving certain promotional emails from us. If you wish to do so, simply follow the instructions found at the end of the email.
Many browsers have an option for disabling cookies, which may prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or enable selective use of cookies. Please note that, if you choose not to accept cookies, some features and the personalization of our Services may no longer work for you.
10.
Children’s Privacy
DigitalOcean does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13, and children under 13 are prohibited from using our Services. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
.
11.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time, so please review it frequently. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Services, we will notify you through our Services, on this page, by email, or other communication.
12.
International Data Transfers
With respect to Personal Data of Data Subjects located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom that Customer transfers to DigitalOcean or permits DigitalOcean to access, the parties agree that by executing the DPA they also execute the Standard Contractual Clauses, which will be incorporated by reference and form an integral part of the DPA. The parties agree that, with respect to the elements of the Standard Contractual Clauses that require the parties’ input, Schedules 1-3 contain all the relevant information.
DigitalOcean, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. DigitalOcean has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension.  DigitalOcean has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the “DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. DigitalOcean’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
Please also refer to our
GDPR FAQ
and
Data Processing Agreement
for more information about data transfers.
DigitalOcean complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
DigitalOcean commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact DigitalOcean using the details provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, DigitalOcean LLC commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of AAA are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found in Annex 1 of the DPF Principles.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at
privacy@digitalocean.com
or write to us at:
DigitalOcean
101 6th Ave
New York, NY 10013
ATTN: Legal
The data controller of your personal information is DigitalOcean, LLC.
Additional Disclosures
CCPA Privacy Notice
Prior Versions of our Privacy Policy
May 14, 2024
October 6, 2023
July 5, 2023
June 14, 2022
July 30, 2020
©
2025
DigitalOcean, LLC.
Sitemap
.
Sub-policy 4
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 5
https://wildbit.com/privacy-policy:
📣
Postmark has been acquired by ActiveCampaign
Continue reading →
x
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: March 21st, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to the websites:
www.wildbit.com
and
www.beanstalkapp.com
(the “Sites”) owned and operated by Wildbit LLC (collectively, “Wildbit”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). This Privacy Policy describes how Wildbit collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide, as well as the information about our customers' customers or end users that we process on behalf of our customers. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, correction and deletion of your personal information.
1. How we collect information:
We collect the following personal information from you:
1.1 Information that you provide to us about yourself
When you sign up for the Services, we ask you for information such as
Contact Information, such as name, email address, mailing address, or phone number;
Demographic information, such as age, education, gender, interests and zip code
Billing Information, such as credit card number and billing address;
Unique Identifiers, such as username, account number or password;
IP address;
Information about your business, such as company name, company size, business type.
If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide the Services to you.
1.2 Information you provide to us about your customers, end users, and contacts
For the provision of our Services to you, you provide us with information which may identify your customers, end users or employees. Such information includes:
Email addresses;
IP addresses;
You may also provide us personal information about your contacts such as Name and email address where we can send receipts of your purchases. When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided. If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at the contact information below.
1.3 Information collected automatically
When you use our Services, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your location, and your activities on our website, information about your device and log information. This is described in more detail below. These cookies and similar technologies collect anonymized Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
Wildbit allows Google Analytics and Snowplow Analytics to use these technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole for the purpose of analytics.
You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. We do not use, or allow the use of cookies or similar technologies in connection with your customers' data.
Google Analytics:
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect some information we listed above about your use of the Services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve the Services and to help you improve your Application. In order to collect this information, Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device, or read cookies that are already there. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded, that partner with Google. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services to another application which partners with Google, is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Please review those and see
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found
here
.
2. Purpose and legal basis of the processing
To the extent EU data protection law applies to our processing of information about you, we act as the "data controller". To the extent EU data protection law applies to our processing of your customer or end user data, you serve as the "data controller" or "data processor" and we serve as the "data processor" or "data sub-processor".
To perform the Services:
We use your information to identify you, process your payment, provide you with technical support and assistance; and communicate with you about the Services via email. For example we will contact you to notify you of any issues with the Services or any suspicious activity in your account. The legal basis for these uses in the performance of the contract with you.
To Optimize or improve the Services:
We use your information to authenticate you, prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and perform research. The legal basis for these uses is our legitimate interest in the improvement and optimization of our service offerings and in ensuring the security of our services and we apply appropriate safeguards to protect your information (see Section 4 below).
3. How we share your information
We share information with service providers, as required by law, and in connection with the protection and enforcement of our legal and contractual rights.
With Service Providers:
We share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. This includes: payment processing, providing customer service, sending marketing communications (this does not include information about your customers), conducting research and analysis and providing cloud computing infrastructure. The legal basis for sharing this information is our legitimate interest in providing our Services efficiently and we implement measure to safeguard your information.
With Public Authorities or Law Enforcement:
In certain situations, Wildbit may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process), when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, when we believe there is a violation to our Terms of Service (see Beanstalk Terms of Service), to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, to respond to a government request, if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, or if we are involved in a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in protecting our legal rights and those of others, compliance with legal obligations and our legitimate interest in fulfilling legal obligations imposed by legal authorities outside of the EU.
Prevent fraud and abuse of the Services:
We will share information to prevent or detect fraud or to address technical issues and if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Services infrastructure. The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in the maintaining the security of our Services.
We also process and share information in an aggregated, de-identified manner, where the information is shared as part of a statistical report and does not contain personal information.
4. Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We implement adequate measures to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. Wildbit takes steps to ensure that all source code, files and data remain private and confidential. Due to the sensitive nature of source code we take this very seriously and make it our primary concern for all customers. We restrict access to personal information to Wildbit employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our service. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at the contact information below.
5. Rights with respect to your information
Upon request Wildbit will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, obtain a copy of or request deletion or transfer of your personal information by logging into your account or by contacting us at the contact information below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
Wildbit acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Wildbit has no direct relationship with your customers or end users whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to the Wildbit’s Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you may have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing activities. You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
6. Your choices with respect to the information
We use and disclose personal information in ways that are consistent with your expectations and choices. Accordingly, we will provide you with the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether your personal information is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was collected or subsequently authorized. You will be provided with clear, conspicuous and readily available mechanisms to exercise your choices. To do so, please email us your request any time at
support@beanstalkapp.com
, and we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Promotional Email communication:
You may sign-up to receive email or newsletters or other communications from us. If you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “Unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or by contacting us at the contact information below.
Google Analytics:
see
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
for information about how Google uses the information provided to Google Analytics and how you can control the information provided to Google. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for Google Analytics which can be found
here
.
7. Data retention
We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
Even if you delete your account, keep in mind that the deletion by our third party providers may not be immediate and that the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time.
8. Policy regarding children
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect, and therefore do not sell, Personal Information from children under 16. If you are under 16, please do not use the Services and do not provide any personal information to us. If you become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
support@beanstalkapp.com
. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and you wish to remove publicly available content, please contact us at
support@beanstalkapp.com
with the subject line “California Eraser”.
9. International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By using any of our Sites, you agree to this transfer, storing, or processing.
9.1 If you’re based in the EEA OR THE UK
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), your personal information may be processed outside of the EEA or the UK and in countries that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the relevant authority. In this event, we will ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
You can view a detailed description of our GDPR efforts
on this page
.
9.2 Transfers of information not from the EEA or Switzerland
To the extent that personal information is transferred to the United States from countries other than countries within the European Economic Area or Switzerland, including personal information that is transferred from Canada, we employ similar safeguards such as selecting third party vendors carefully, ensuring personal information will be used and disclosed only as set out in this privacy policy and that it is protected by appropriate security safeguards.
However, in connection with these transfers of personal information, your personal information may be subject to privacy laws that may not provide the same protection as your country of residence. For example, government entities in such other countries may have certain rights to access your personal information. By using this Site or using our Service that this privacy notice relates to you are consenting to this transfer of your personal information.
10. California residents
This Section only applies if you are a California resident.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique      personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, and      account name;
Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal      law, such as age or gender;
Commercial Information, including records of Services purchased and      credit card or other payment information;
Internet or electronic network activity information, information,      including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and      information regarding your interaction with the Services including an      internet website, application, or advertisement;
Geolocation data, such as an IP address;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting      the consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends,      predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and      aptitudes.
For more specific examples of the personal information we collect, please see Section 1 above. The business and commercial purposes for which we have disclosed this information in the preceding 12 months are described in Section 2 of this policy and the categories of third parties to whom we have made such disclosures are described in Section 3 of this policy.
In addition, please see our
Privacy Notice for California Residents
, which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy by this reference.
11. Browser Do Not Track (DNT)
The Services honor and enforce Do Not Track preferences. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit
donottrack.us
.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may need to update this policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy, and we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
13. Privacy questions / feedback
If you have questions or concerns about Wildbit’s Privacy Policy please contact us at
privacy@wildbit.com
or 41 University Drive, Suite 400, Newtown, PA 18940. Phone: 215-203-0488.
Sub-policy 6
https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Disclosures
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Terms of Service
Last Updated:
November 12, 2024
These Terms of Service are effective on November 12, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to them on or after November 12, 2024.
These Terms of Service are effective on December 19, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to a previous version of these Terms of Service prior to November 12, 2024.
Please read our
online notice
, which explains the changes to these Terms of Service and our other legal terms and conditions in more detail.
The most recent prior version of these Terms of Service is available
here
.
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
2. Services
3. Fees and Payment Terms
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
6. Mutual Indemnification
7. Limitation of Liability
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
9. General
10. Additional Terms
It is important that you review and understand these terms before using our services. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not agree to them, create an account, or use our services. Only the terms to the right are legally binding.
Our services are generally intended for business or professional use only.
If you have a separate agreement with us for the use of our services, these terms will not apply to you. However, these terms will apply if any services you use are not covered under that separate agreement.
These terms are effective on the date you accept them. This includes any additional terms that are referenced in these terms and available at hyperlinks and any order forms that you may execute with Twilio. The Twilio entity that is entering into these terms depends on where your business entity is registered. Please see the table below for more information.
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. ONCE ACCEPTED, THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE BECOME A BINDING LEGAL COMMITMENT BETWEEN YOU AND TWILIO. ONLY THE TERMS IN THIS RIGHT COLUMN ARE LEGALLY BINDING. THE EXPLANATIONS IN THE COLUMN TO THE LEFT ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND NON-BINDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCEPT THEM, CREATE AN ACCOUNT, OR USE THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1 (DEFINITIONS) BELOW).
THE SERVICES ARE INTENDED FOR BUSINESS USE OR USE IN CONNECTION WITH AN INDIVIDUAL’S TRADE, CRAFT, OR PROFESSION ONLY.
If you have a separate written agreement with Twilio for your use of the Services, these Twilio Terms of Service will not apply to you, unless that written agreement does not cover a particular Service, in which case, these Twilio Terms of Service apply solely to your use of that particular Service.
These Twilio Terms of Service (“
Agreement
”) set forth the terms for your use of the Services and are effective as of the date you accept or otherwise agree to the terms of this Agreement (“
Effective Date
”). This Agreement consists of these Twilio Terms of Service, terms referenced in these Twilio Terms of Service which are available at hyperlinks, and any applicable Order Form(s) (as defined below). This Agreement is between the applicable Twilio entity identified below (“
Twilio
”) and you or the organization on whose behalf you are accepting or otherwise agreeing to the terms of this Agreement (“
you
"
,
"
your
"
,
"
yours
"
, or
"
Customer
”).
If you are domiciled in:
Any country outside of the European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco, other than Japan
Twilio entity entering into this Agreement:
Twilio Inc., a Delaware corporation, with a place of business at 101 Spear Street, 5th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
Twilio Ireland Limited, a company registered in the Republic of Ireland, whose registered address is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland
Japan
Twilio Japan G.K., a Japanese company with a place of business at Link Square Shinjuku 16F, 5-27-5 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-0051, Japan
These terms might change. We will let you know at least 30 days before we make any significant changes that impact you or your use of our services, unless we are unable to because of changes in laws, regulations, or carrier requirements. The updated version of these terms will be posted on this page.
If you keep using our services after these terms have changed and gone into effect, that means you have accepted those changes and they are legally binding on you. If you do not agree with the changed terms, you must stop using our services immediately.
Twilio may update the terms of this Agreement from time to time. Twilio will provide you with written notice of any
material
updates at least thirty (30) days prior to the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective, unless such material updates result from changes in laws, regulations, or requirements from telecommunications providers. The current, up to date version of this Agreement will be available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/tos
. Notices for material updates to the terms of this Agreement will be given in accordance with Section 9.5 (Notices). Following such notice, your continued use of the Services on or after the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective and binding, as indicated at the top of this Agreement, constitutes your acceptance of the updated version of this Agreement. The updated version of this Agreement supersedes all prior versions.  If you do not agree to the updated version of this Agreement, you must stop using the Services immediately.
If you reassign your account to a third-party reseller, you are still responsible for your obligations under these terms.
If you are the party that agreed to the terms of this Agreement and you reassign your account to a third-party reseller for administration purposes, such account reassignment will not excuse your obligations under this Agreement. Your use of the Services will continue to be subject to this Agreement.
Remember to let your imagination run wild with Twilio!
Finally, you understand and acknowledge that by using the Services, you agree to have fun and let your imagination run wild. Twilio cannot wait to see what you build!
1. Definitions
These are definitions for certain words that we will use repeatedly throughout these terms. When you see these capitalized words used as you read through these terms, they have the meanings provided in this Section 1.
There may be additional words that we define in the body of these terms. Make sure to look out for those - they will have quotes around them and each word will begin with a capital letter.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the party specified. For purposes of this definition, “control” means direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“
Beta Offerings
” means Services that are identified as alpha, beta, not generally available, limited release, developer preview, or any similar Services offered by Twilio.
“
Customer Data
” means any data (a) provided by you or your End Users (as defined below) to Twilio in connection with your use of the Services or (b) generated for your use as part of the Services. Customer Data excludes any Twilio Data (as defined below).
“
Customer Services
” means any software application or other products and services provided by you and used in connection with your use of the Services under this Agreement. If applicable, Customer Services includes sources from which you choose to retrieve Customer Data and destinations to which you choose to transmit Customer Data using the Services.
“
Documentation
” means Twilio’s documentation, including any usage guides and policies, for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/docs
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
“
End User
” means any user of the Services, including via any Customer Services.
“
Malicious Code
” means code, files, scripts, agents, or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document between you and Twilio, or any of their Affiliates, that specifies mutually agreed upon rates for certain Services and any commercial terms related thereto.
“
Services
” means the products and services provided by Twilio or its Affiliates, as applicable, including all updates, modifications, or improvements thereto, that you purchase pursuant to an Order Form or otherwise use. Services excludes any Customer Services and Third Party Services (as defined below).
"
Support Terms
" means the support-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/support-plans
.
"Third Party Services
" means any products, services, or software components that are purchased by you from Twilio, but provided, or otherwise made available, by a third party (i.e., a party other than Twilio). Third Party Services are governed by a separate agreement between you and the third-party provider.
"
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
" means certain terms relating to the use of the Services, including the
Service and Country Specific Requirements
set forth therein, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/aup
.
“
Twilio Data
” means any data that is (a) derived or generated from the use or provision of the Services that does not identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated such that it can no longer identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or (b) any Customer Data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated by Twilio in accordance with this Agreement.
“
Twilio Data Protection Addendum
” means the personal data processing-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum
“
Twilio Security Overview
” means the security related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/security-overview
.
“
Twilio SLA
” means the service level agreements for the Services, the current versions of which are available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-level-agreement
.
Any capitalized term not defined in this Section 1 will have the meaning provided in this Agreement.
2. Services
We will make our services available to you according to
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and
our service level agreement
s
. We will also protect your data and our services according to
our security overview
.
2.1 Provision of the Services.  Twilio will: (a) provide the Services to you pursuant to this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (b) comply with the applicable Twilio SLA; (c) comply with the security terms for the Services as set forth in the Twilio Security Overview; (d) provide the Services in accordance with laws applicable to Twilio’s provision of the Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for your particular use of the Services), subject to your use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (e) make commercially reasonable efforts to use industry standard measures designed to scan, detect, and delete Malicious Code; (f) if applicable, use trained, qualified personnel to provide the Services; and (g) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with applicable support for the Services as described in the applicable Support Terms.
Here are some “dos” and “don’ts” you must follow when using our services:
(a) You’re responsible for all use of our services under your account;
(b) You will not transfer, resell, or make available to third parties our services, except to your end users as part of the software applications you develop or products and services you offer;
(c) You will use our services according to these terms,
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
, and any laws or regulations;
(d) You are responsible for your end users, including all of their activities;
(e) You will prevent unauthorized access to or use of our services;
(f) You will cooperate during information requests we receive relating to your use of our services; and
(g) You will comply with your promises in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer) below.
2.2 Customer Responsibilities.  You will: (a) be solely responsible for all use of the Services and Documentation under your account and the Customer Services; (b) not transfer, resell, lease, license, or otherwise make available the Services to third parties (except to make the Services available to your End Users) or offer them on a standalone basis; (c) use the Services only in accordance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (d) be solely responsible for all acts, omissions, and activities of your End Users, including their compliance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (e) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Services and notify Twilio promptly of any such unauthorized access or use; (f) provide reasonable cooperation regarding information requests from law enforcement, regulators, or telecommunications providers; and (g) comply with your representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer).
We can suspend your use of our services in the following situations:
(a) You or your end users violate
our Acceptable Use Policy
and
our service and country specific terms
;
(b) You send fraudulent traffic using our services or your use of our services negatively impacts the operation of our services;
(c) Legal or regulatory conditions prohibit us from providing our services;
(d) Your use or your end users' use threatens the security or operability of our services; or
(e) The information about you in your account is not true, accurate, or complete.
2.3 Suspension of Services.  Twilio may suspend the Services upon written notice to you if Twilio, in good faith, determines: (a) that you or your End Users materially breach (or Twilio, in good faith, believes that you or your End Users have materially breached) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy; (b) there is an unusual and material spike or increase in your use of the Services and that such traffic or use is fraudulent or materially and negatively impacting the operating capability of the Services; (c) that its provision of the Services is prohibited by applicable law or regulation; (d) there is any use of the Services by you or your End Users that threatens the security, integrity, or availability of the Services; or (e) that information in your account is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete. You remain responsible for the Fees (as defined in Section 3.3 (Payment Terms)).
Our services operate on a multi-tenant platform, which we are always looking to innovate and make better. As such, our services may change over time. We will let you know in advance if any changes to our services are not backwards compatible. We may also work with you to resolve any significant negative impacts that result from changes to our services that are not backwards compatible.
2.4 Changes to the Services.  You acknowledge that the features and functions of the Services may change over time; provided, however, Twilio will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Services. It is your responsibility to ensure the Customer Services are compatible with the Services. Twilio endeavors to avoid changes to the Services that are not backwards compatible, however, if any such changes become necessary, Twilio will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you at least sixty (60) days prior to implementation. In the event Twilio makes a non-backwards compatible change to certain Services and such change materially and negatively impacts your use of the Services (“
Adverse Change
”), (a) you will notify Twilio of the Adverse Change and (b) Twilio may agree to work with you to resolve or otherwise address the Adverse Change, except where Twilio, in its sole discretion, has determined that an Adverse Change is required for security reasons, by telecommunications providers, or to comply with applicable law or regulation.
You may use products called beta offerings, which are not generally available (e.g., services that are in alpha, beta, limited release). You are not required to use our beta offerings in order to use our services.
2.5 Beta Offerings.  From time to time, Twilio may make available Beta Offerings. You may, in your sole discretion, choose to use a Beta Offering. Twilio may discontinue a Beta Offering at any time, in its sole discretion, or decide not to make a Beta Offering generally available.
3. Fees and Payment Terms
The fees you pay to us are either outlined in a signed order form or on
our list of fees on our website
.
3.1 Fees.  You agree to pay the fees set forth in the applicable Order Form(s). If you use any Services not set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), you will be charged the applicable rates available at
https://www.twilio.com/pricing
.
You agree to pay taxes, communications surcharges (e.g., pass-through carrier fees), and costs, fines, or penalties that we incur relating to your use of our services. Taxes and communications surcharges are shown as separate line items on your invoice, so you can identify them easily.
If you are exempt from paying any taxes or communications surcharges, please let us know at
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and provide us with the up-to-date exemption information or proof.
3.2 Taxes and Communications Surcharges
3.2.1 Taxes.  All fees are exclusive of any applicable taxes, levies, duties, or other similar exactions imposed by a legal, governmental, or regulatory authority in any applicable jurisdiction, including, without limitation, sales, use, value-added, consumption, communications, or withholding taxes (collectively, “
Taxes
”). You will pay all Taxes in connection with this Agreement, excluding any taxes based on Twilio’s net income, property, or employees. If you are required by applicable law to withhold any Taxes from payments owed to Twilio, you will reduce or eliminate such withheld Taxes upon receipt of the appropriate tax certificate or document provided by Twilio. You will provide Twilio with proof of payment of any withheld Taxes to the appropriate authority. Taxes will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice.
3.2.2 Communications Charges.  If applicable, all fees are exclusive of any applicable communications service or telecommunication provider (e.g., carrier) fees or surcharges (collectively, “
Communications Surcharges
”). You will pay all Communications Surcharges in connection with your use of the Services. Communications Surcharges will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice. You will pay all costs, fines, or penalties that are imposed on Twilio by a government or regulatory body or a telecommunications provider as a result of your or your End Users’ use of the Services.
3.2.3 Exemption.  If you are exempt from paying certain Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will provide the necessary exemption information as requested by Twilio or a valid exemption certificate issued by the appropriate authority via e-mail to
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. You will be exempt on a going-forward basis once Twilio has approved your exemption request. If the appropriate authority determines, at any time, that you are not exempt from paying any Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will promptly pay such Taxes or Communications Surcharges to Twilio, plus any applicable interest or penalties.
You agree to pay us for any services you use.
If you add funds to your account via credit card, you must make sure you have added sufficient funds to cover the fees you owe us. If you do not have sufficient funds in your account to cover the fees you owe us or your credit card declines, then we may suspend our services to all of your accounts.
If we approve you for invoicing, you agree to pay the fees owed to us in US dollars, unless another currency is shown on your order form or invoice, no later than 30 days after the date of the invoice.
If you do not pay on time, then we will send you a late notice. If we do not get your payment within 15 days of the date of the late notice, then we may charge a late fee and suspend our services to all of your accounts. Please pay us on time.
You also may not create new accounts until any fees that you owe us are paid in full.
3.3 Payment Terms.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees, Taxes, and Communications Surcharges (collectively, “
Fees
”), once paid, are non-refundable. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) and subject to Section 3.3.3 (Payment Disputes), You will pay the Fees due hereunder in accordance with the following applicable payment method:
3.3.1 Credit Card.  If you elect to add funds to your account by credit card and use such funds to pay the Fees due, you are responsible for ensuring such funds cover such Fees. If your account does not have sufficient funds or your credit card declines a charge for the Fees due, Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
3.3.2 Invoicing.  If you elect to receive invoices and Twilio approves you for the same, then, except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), (a) invoices will be sent to you each month via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account and (b) you will pay the Fees due within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without any applicable Order Form(s), the Fees are payable in United States dollars. If you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same, then Twilio may (i) assess and you will pay a late fee of the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum amount allowable by law and (ii) suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
If you ever think that we charged you the wrong amount and you want to dispute it, then let us know in writing within 60 days of the billing date for the charge in question. You have to be reasonable when disputing a charge and must act in good faith and cooperate with us to resolve the dispute.
3.3.3 Payment Disputes.  You will notify Twilio in writing within sixty (60) days of the date Twilio bills you for any Fees that you wish to dispute. You may withhold the disputed Fees until the dispute is resolved. Where you are disputing any Fees, you must act reasonably and in good faith and will cooperate diligently with Twilio to resolve the dispute. Twilio will not charge you a late fee or suspend the provision of the Services for unpaid Fees that are in dispute, unless you fail to cooperate diligently with Twilio or Twilio determines the dispute is not reasonable or brought in good faith by you.
If you are purchasing our services through a third-party fulfillment reseller, then you will pay the fees incurred for using our services to that third-party fulfillment reseller instead of us. If you fail to pay the third-party fulfillment reseller on time, our services may be suspended.
3.4 Fulfillment Resale.  If you are purchasing the Services through a third-party fulfillment reseller that is solely responsible for facilitating payments to Twilio for your use of the Services (“
Fulfillment Reseller
”), you will pay all fees due for your use of the Services directly to the Fulfillment Reseller in accordance with your agreement with the Fulfillment Reseller (“
Fulfillment Agreement
”). If you breach your payment obligations to the Fulfillment Reseller and fail to cure such breach within the time period specified in the Fulfillment Agreement, the Fulfillment Reseller or Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to you upon written notice.
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
What is ours is ours, including the following:
(a) our services;
(b)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
;
(c) our confidential information;
(d) any data that is derived or generated from the use or provision of our services that does not identify or no longer identifies you, your end users, or any natural person or any data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated; and
(e) any feedback you or your end users provide to us about our services.
Additionally, what is yours is yours, including the software applications you develop or products and services you offer, your confidential information, and your data.
4.1 Ownership Rights.  As between the parties, Twilio exclusively owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, the Documentation, Twilio's Confidential Information (as defined in Section 4.3.1 (Definition)), Twilio Data, as well as any feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services. As between the parties, you exclusively own and reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Services, your Confidential Information, and Customer Data, subject to Twilio’s rights to process Customer Data in accordance with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
We or our affiliates can use your data in order to provide you with our services according to our obligations in these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
4.2 Customer Data.  You grant Twilio and its Affiliates the right to process Customer Data as necessary to provide the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum. You are responsible for the quality and integrity of Customer Data.
Neither of us will tell anyone else about or use the confidential information that we got from each other, except as allowed under these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
If either of us shares the other’s confidential information with third parties, then the one sharing that confidential information will make sure those third parties comply with these confidentiality obligations.
4.3 Confidentiality
4.3.1 Definition.  “
Confidential Information
” means any information or data, regardless of whether it is in tangible form, disclosed by either party (“
Disclosing Party
”) to the other party (“
Receiving Party
”) that is marked or otherwise designated as confidential or proprietary or that should otherwise be reasonably understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure, including, without limitation, this Agreement, Order Form(s), Customer Data, security reports and attestations, audit reports, customer lists, pricing, concepts, processes, plans, designs and other strategies, “know how”, inventions, and financial, technical, or other business information and materials of Disclosing Party and its Affiliates. Confidential Information does not include any information which: (a) is publicly available through no breach of this Agreement or fault of Receiving Party; (b) was properly known by Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, prior to disclosure by Disclosing Party; (c) was properly disclosed to Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, by another person without violation of Disclosing Party's rights; or (d) is independently developed by Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Confidential Information of Disclosing Party.
4.3.2 Use and Disclosure.  Except as otherwise authorized under Section 4.3.3 (Compelled Disclosure), under the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, or by Disclosing Party in writing, Receiving Party will not (a) use any Confidential Information of Disclosing Party for any purpose outside of exercising Receiving Party’s rights or fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and (b) disclose or make Confidential Information of Disclosing Party available to any party, except to Receiving Party's Affiliates, and Receiving Party's and its Affiliates’ respective employees, legal counsel, accountants, contractors, and in Twilio’s case, subcontractors (collectively, “
Representatives
”) who have a “need to know” as necessary for Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. Receiving Party will be responsible for its Representatives’ compliance with this Section 4.3. Representatives will be legally bound to protect Confidential Information of Disclosing Party under terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3. Receiving Party will protect the confidentiality of Confidential Information of Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information but in no event less than reasonable care. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Twilio’s SOC2 or similar report, which will constitute Twilio’s Confidential Information, only to your End Users or your End Users' employee or contract worker who has a “need to know” for such SOC2 or similar report and is legally bound to terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3.
Either of us may disclose the confidential information we got from the other if requested by a regulator or required by regulation, law, subpoena, or court order, if we fulfill certain conditions, such as providing written notice, if legally allowed and such disclosure does not interfere with an investigation into potential illegal activity, and reasonable cooperation.
4.3.3 Compelled Disclosure.  Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of Disclosing Party if so required pursuant to a request from a regulator or pursuant to regulation, law, subpoena, or court order (collectively, “
Compelled Disclosures
”), provided Receiving Party gives Disclosing Party written notice of a Compelled Disclosure to the extent (a) legally permitted and (b) where, when Twilio is Receiving Party, it determines that such Compelled Disclosure will not unduly interfere with an ongoing investigation into potential illegal activity. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense.
Money alone may not be enough to make either of us whole if one of us breaks our promise of confidentiality. As such, either of us may seek other remedies, like gag orders, if needed.
4.3.4 Injunctive Relief.  The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that no adequate remedy may exist at law for an actual or threatened breach of this Section 4.3 and that, in the event of an actual or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 4.3, the non-breaching party will be entitled to seek immediate injunctive and other equitable relief, without waiving any other rights or remedies available to it.
We may use and display your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials. We promise to follow any usage guidelines that you provide to us.
4.4 Use of Marks.  You grant Twilio the right to use and display your name, logo, and a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, in earnings releases and calls, and in marketing and promotional materials, subject to your standard trademark usage guidelines that you expressly provide to Twilio.
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
Each of us agrees to these terms and promises it has the legal power to do so.
5.1 Power and Authority Representation.  Each party represents and warrants that it has validly accepted or entered into this Agreement and has the legal power to do so.
Each of us will follow anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and government orders. Each of us also confirms that we, or our organization, is not on any government sanctions or restricted party lists of people and organizations that companies like Twilio are not allowed to do business with.
If you or your end users become placed on any government sanctions or restricted party lists, you will stop using our services and remove any end users’ access to our services.
5.2 Anti-Corruption and International Trade Laws.  Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Twilio in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Twilio. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services. Each party represents that it (and in your case, also your End Users) is not on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your End Users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations in this Section 5.2. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited under this Section 5.2, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such prohibited country or region.
You will only give us data for which you provided any required notices and received any required permissions, including in a manner as required by law or regulation. In addition, we will only use this data according to these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
5.3 Consents and Permissions.  You represent and warrant that you have provided, and will continue to provide, adequate notices, and that you have obtained, and will continue to obtain, the necessary permissions and consents required to enable Twilio to process all Customer Data to provide the Services or as permitted by this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
Our services will work the way we say they will in
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
5.4 Services.  Twilio represents and warrants that the Services perform materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation. Your exclusive remedy for a breach of this Section 5.4 will be, at Twilio’s option, to (a) remediate any material non-conformity or (b) refund you the Fees paid for the time period during which the affected Services do not comply with this Section 5.4.
Except for any of the explicit promises in this Section 5, we are offering our services “as is.” You also understand that we are not responsible if anything happens to your data outside of our network or for anything that happens resulting from:
(a) your use of our beta offerings;
(b) the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer; or
(c) any products and services provided by a third-party provider.
5.5 DISCLAIMER.  WITHOUT LIMITING A PARTY’S EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TWILIO ADDITIONALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE INTERNET AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS’ NETWORKS ARE INHERENTLY INSECURE AND THAT TWILIO WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CHANGES TO, INTERCEPTION OF, OR LOSS OF CUSTOMER DATA WHILE IN TRANSIT VIA THE INTERNET OR A TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDER’S NETWORK. BETA OFFERINGS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TWILIO MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY BETA OFFERINGS, CUSTOMER SERVICES, OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES WHATSOEVER.
6. Mutual Indemnification
If someone comes after you claiming that our provision of our services violates their intellectual property rights, we will fight that fight for you and pay any awarded damages or settlement we enter into.
6.1 Indemnification by Twilio
6.1.1 Scope of Indemnification.  Twilio will defend you, your Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Customer Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Customer Indemnified Party by a third party alleging that Twilio’s provision of the Services infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (“
Twilio Indemnifiable Claim
”). Twilio will indemnify you from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Customer Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts approved by Twilio for a Twilio Indemnifiable Claim.
If we think our services infringe someone’s intellectual property rights, then, in addition to fighting the fight as we talk about above, we will either obtain the rights for you to continue to use our services or modify our services, so they do not infringe. If we cannot do either of these, we will terminate these terms and refund you any prepaid and unused fees.
6.1.2 Infringement Options.  If Twilio’s provision of the Services has become, or in Twilio’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, Twilio may at its option and expense: (a) procure the right to continue to provide the Services as set forth herein; (b) modify the Services to make them non-infringing; or (c) if the foregoing options are not reasonably practicable, terminate this Agreement, or, if applicable, terminate the Services that are the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, and refund you any unused pre-paid Fees.
In this Section 6.1.3, we describe situations where we do not have to indemnify you, such as (a) your violation of these terms, (b) any claims brought against you by someone due to your use of our services in combination with other applications or services, or (c) your use of our services that are free of charge or our beta offerings.
6.1.3 Limitations.  Twilio will have no liability or obligation under this Section 6.1 with respect to any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim arising out of (a) your use of the Services in breach of this Agreement; (b) the combination, operation, or use of the Services with other applications, portions of applications, products, or services, including, without limitation, the Customer Services or Third Party Services, where the Services would not by themselves be infringing; or (c) Services for which there is no charge or Beta Offerings.
Similar to above, you need to fight the fight if someone comes after us because you or your end users breach your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or because of the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer.
6.2 Indemnification by Customer.  You will defend Twilio, its Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Twilio Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Twilio Indemnified Party by a third party alleging or arising out of: (a) your or your End Users’ breach of Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or (b) any Customer Services infringing or misappropriating such third party’s intellectual property rights (collectively, “
Customer Indemnifiable Claims
”). You will indemnify Twilio from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Twilio Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts that you approve for a Customer Indemnifiable Claim.
This Section 6.3 outlines the indemnification process - how it works, what is required, etc.  It applies to both of us equally.  Please be sure to read it.
6.3 Conditions of Indemnification.  As a condition of the foregoing indemnification obligations: (a) the indemnified party (“
Indemnified Party
”) will promptly notify the indemnifying party (“
Indemnifying Party
”) of any Customer Indemnifiable Claim or Twilio Indemnifiable Claim (individually or collectively referred to herein as a “
Claim
”)in writing; provided, however, that the failure to give prompt written notice will not relieve Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that Indemnifying Party was actually and materially prejudiced by such failure; (b) Indemnifying Party will have the sole authority to defend or settle a Claim; and (c) Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate with Indemnifying Party in connection with Indemnifying Party’s activities hereunder, at Indemnifying Party’s expense. Indemnified Party reserves the right, at its own expense, to participate in the defense of a Claim. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indemnifying Party will not settle any Claim for which it has an obligation to indemnify under this Section 6 admitting liability or fault on behalf of Indemnified Party, nor create any obligation on behalf of Indemnified Party without Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
6.4 Exclusive Remedy.  This Section 6 states Indemnifying Party’s sole liability to, and Indemnified Party’s exclusive remedy against, the other party for any third-party claims.
7. Limitation of Liability
This Section 7.1 outlines the types of damages that are available in the event of a claim.  At a high level, neither of us is responsible for damages that indirectly result from an incident.
7.1 LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF A PARTY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REMEDY OTHERWISE FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Generally speaking, any direct damages either of us might owe to the other are capped at the amounts you paid us (or should have paid us) in the 12-month period before the incident occurred.
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY TOGETHER WITH ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE BY YOU AND YOUR AFFILIATES HEREUNDER FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE FIRST INCIDENT OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.
The only exceptions to the limitations in Section 7.1 (Limitation on Indirect, Consequential, and Related Damages) and Section 7.2 (Limitation of Liability) are for your violation of your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities), your payment obligations in Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), and both of our indemnification obligations in Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification).
7.3 EXCEPTIONS TO THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN SECTION 7.1 (LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES) AND SECTION 7.2 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY), THE LIMITATIONS IN SECTION 7.1 AND SECTION 7.2 DO NOT APPLY TO (a) YOUR BREACH OF SECTION 2.2 (CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES); (b) YOUR AND YOUR AFFILIATES’ BREACH OF SECTION 3 (FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS); OR (c) AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6 (MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION).
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
These terms will be valid and effective from the date you agree to them until they are ended according to one of the events in Section 8.2 (Termination) below.
8.1 Agreement Term.  This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 8.2 (Termination) (“
Term
”).
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with 30 days advance notice. However, if you have any order forms in effect, those order forms will remain in effect for the duration of their order form term and these terms will continue to apply.
8.2 Termination
8.2.1 For Convenience.  Either party may terminate this Agreement for convenience by providing the other party with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if there are any Order Form(s) in effect, this Agreement will not terminate until all such Order Form(s) have expired or have been terminated in accordance with the terms therein.
If either of us violates these terms and does not fix the violation within 15 days, the other one may end these terms.
Ending these terms will result in the closure of all of your accounts.
8.2.2 Material Breach.  Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event the other party commits any material breach of this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within fifteen (15) days of the date of written notice of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Twilio terminates this Agreement because of your material breach, then Twilio will also close your accounts.
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with written notice if the other goes bankrupt or fails to continue its business.
8.2.3 Insolvency.  Subject to applicable law, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately by providing written notice in the event of the other party’s liquidation, commencement of dissolution proceedings, or any other proceeding relating to a receivership, failure to continue business, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becoming the subject of bankruptcy.
Certain important terms live on even after these terms end. That includes your payment obligations to us and the specific sections mentioned on the right.
8.3 Survival.  Upon termination of this Agreement, the terms of this Section 8.3 and the terms of the following Sections will survive: Section 2.1(c) (regarding the Twilio Security Overview), Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), Section 4 (Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality), Section 5.5 (Disclaimer), Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification), Section 7 (Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (General), and any applicable terms in Section 10 (Additional Terms).
9. General
Your affiliates may use our services according to these terms. However, you and your affiliates are both responsible for the activities of your affiliates.
9.1.1 Affiliates of Customer.  Your Affiliates may use the Services under and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights and the authority to make this Agreement binding upon each of your Affiliates. You and each of your Affiliates will be jointly and severally liable for the acts and omissions of such Affiliate in connection with this Agreement and such Affiliate’s use of the Services. Only you will bring any claim against Twilio on behalf of your Affiliates.
Our affiliates may provide you or your affiliates with our services or bill you or your affiliates on behalf of us or another Twilio entity providing our services.
9.1.2 Affiliates of Twilio.  An Affiliate of Twilio may provide the Services, or a portion thereof, to you or your Affiliates, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) with such Affiliate of Twilio. Twilio will (a) be responsible for the Services its Affiliates provide and (b) not be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement if its Affiliates provide the Services or a portion thereof. Twilio will enforce the terms of this Agreement relating to the Services its Affiliates provide. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, an Affiliate of Twilio may directly bill you or your Affiliates, as applicable, (i) for the Services it provides or (ii) solely as a billing agent for Twilio or the Affiliate of Twilio providing the Services, as applicable.
Neither of us may transfer our obligations under these terms without the other’s prior written consent, unless either of us is transferring our obligations to an entity that is assuming either of our assets or business or to either of our affiliates.
9.2 Assignment.  Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, without consent to (a) a successor to all or part of its assets or business or (b) an Affiliate. Any attempted assignment or transfer by either party in violation hereof will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) will be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
These terms do not create any special relationship between us, like an employer-employee relationship, joint venture, or a partnership. Nothing will change that. Each of us is responsible for our own employees and agents.
9.3 Relationship.  Each party is an independent contractor in the performance of each and every part of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or will be construed as creating an employer-employee relationship or a partnership, agency, joint venture, or franchise. Each party will be solely responsible for all of its employees and agents and its labor costs and expenses arising in connection therewith and for any and all claims, liabilities, damages, or debts of any type whatsoever that may arise on account of its activities, or those of its employees and agents, in the performance of this Agreement. Neither party has the authority to commit the other party in any way and will not attempt to do so or imply that it has the right to do so.
These terms are strictly between you and us. No third parties have any rights under these terms unless we already say so in these terms.
9.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement does not confer any benefits on any third party (including your End Users or an Affiliate) unless it expressly states that it does.
If you need to notify us, you must send notices via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
If we need to notify you, we will notify you via email to the email address designated in your account or via your account portal.
9.5 Notices.  Notices to Twilio will be provided via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. All notices to you will be provided via email to the relevant contact(s) you designate in your account.
These terms are governed by the law specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered.
If we go to court to resolve a dispute between us, then the courts specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered, will be responsible for resolving that dispute.
9.6 Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees.  This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the applicable state or country identified below without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Except as provided in Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution), any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services will be instituted in the applicable courts identified below and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts. In the event of any adjudication of any dispute under this Agreement, the prevailing party in such legal suit, action, or proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement of its attorneys’ fees and related costs by the non-prevailing party.
If you are domiciled in:
Governing law:
Courts with personal jurisdiction:
Any country outside of the (a) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (b) Asia-Pacific region, other than Brazil and Japan
State of California
State or federal courts of San Francisco, California, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
England and Wales
Courts of London, England, United Kingdom
Any country within the Asia-Pacific region, other than Japan
Singapore
Courts of Singapore
Brazil
Brazil
Courts of the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil
Japan
Japan (including its procedural rules)
Tokyo District Court
If there is a dispute (except for intellectual property disputes) between us, each of us will escalate the dispute internally to see if we can resolve it. If we cannot, each of us agrees to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration.
9.7 Dispute Resolution.  In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the parties may agree in writing, then the parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
If neither of us can carry out our obligations under these terms because something crazy happens beyond either of our control (think earthquake, massive power outage, war), then that does not count as a violation of these terms.
9.8 Force Majeure.  No failure, delay, or default in performance of any obligation of a party will constitute an event of default or breach of this Agreement to the extent that such failure to perform, delay, or default arises out of a cause, existing or future, that is beyond the control and without negligence of such party, including action or inaction of governmental, civil or military authority, fire, strike, lockout, or other labor dispute, flood, terrorist act, war, riot, theft, earthquake, or other natural disaster (collectively, “
Force Majeure Events
”). The party affected by a Force Majeure Event will take all reasonable actions to minimize the consequences of any such event.
If neither of us enforces any part of these terms, that does not mean that we cannot enforce that part now or in the future.
If there are inconsistencies between the various terms and conditions that make up these terms, the order of precedence will be as follows to resolve those inconsistencies: (1) any order forms; (2)
our Data Protection Addendum
; (3) the terms set forth in the body of these Terms of Service; (4)
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
; (5) any other terms and conditions incorporated into these terms; and (6)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
9.9 Waiver and Order of Precedence.  No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right or enforcing any provision under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of that right or provision, or any other provision. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and will not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence will be: (1) the applicable Order Form(s), (2) the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, (3) the terms set forth in the body of this Twilio Terms of Service, (4) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, (5) any other terms incorporated by reference herein or any other exhibits or attachments hereto, and (6) the applicable Documentation.
If any part of these terms is not legally enforceable, the rest of these terms will still be legally enforceable.
9.10 Severability.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to render such provision enforceable and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
These terms and these terms only govern our relationship with each other and your use of our services. Any terms and conditions outside of these terms will be invalid and not apply.
9.11 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement will constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, proposals, statements, sales materials, presentations, or non-disclosure or other agreements, whether oral or written. No oral or written information or advice given by Twilio, its agents, or its employees will create a warranty or in any way increase the scope of the warranties or obligations in this Agreement. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in your vendor registration form or registration portal or in any purchase order document or similar document will be construed solely as evidence of your internal business processes and the terms and conditions contained therein will be void and have no effect with regard to this Agreement, even if accepted by Twilio or executed by the parties after the Effective Date.
10. Additional Terms
If you are a U.S. Federal or U.S. state entity, or a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the U.S. Department of the Interior, these terms apply to you.
10.1 United States Federal, State, and Tribal Governments.  If you are a (a) United States federal entity,  including without limitation, a bureau, office, agency, department, or other entity of the United States government; (b) a United States state entity, including without limitation, a bureau, department, office, or other entity of a state or a local, county, borough, commonwealth city, municipality, town, township, special purpose district, or other entity established by the laws of a state and located in such state; or (c) a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the United States Department of the Interior by virtue of its status as an Indian tribe, or in Alaska, a Native village or Alaska Regional Native corporation, the following terms apply:
10.1.1 Failure to Pay.  Twilio may assess, and you will pay, interest equal to the maximum amount allowable by applicable law, if you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same.
10.1.2 Public Disclosure Laws.  Section 4.3.2 (Use and Disclosure) of this Agreement does not prohibit you from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the extent required by public disclosure laws applicable to you (“
Public Disclosure Laws
”), provided that, to the extent permissible, any material legal terms included in this Agreement (e.g., representations and warranties, indemnification, limitation of liability) and any trade secrets, non-publicly available pricing, future business plans, future product plans or features, or business strategies of Twilio are redacted.
10.1.3 Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense to the extent permitted by applicable law.
10.1.4 Customer Services IP Infringement.  You represent and warrant that the Customer Services do not, and will not, infringe or misappropriate a third party’s intellectual property rights. Your breach of this Section 10.1.4 will not be subject to liability limitations set forth in Section 7 (Limitation of Liability) of this Agreement.
10.1.5 Use of Marks.  Twilio will not use your name, logo, or a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, earnings release and calls, or marketing or promotional materials without your prior written consent.
10.1.6 Indemnification by Customer.  Your obligations in Section 6.2 (Indemnification by Customer) of this Agreement will apply to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulation, or procedure.
10.1.7 Assignment.  The ability of either party to assign this Agreement without consent pursuant to Section 9.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement will not apply where prohibited by applicable law.
10.1.8 Governing Law.   Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to (a) United States Federal law, if you are a United States Federal entity, or (b) the laws of the state in which you are located without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, if you are not a United States Federal entity. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
10.1.9 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Except as otherwise specified in applicable law, in the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.1.10 Code of Federal Regulations.  Twilio agrees to comply with the clauses included under 48 C.F.R. § 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and all applicable equal opportunity laws including the provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 C.F.R. §§ 60-1 -60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and regulations contained in the preceding sentence are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
10.1.11 Commercial Items.  The Services are “Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) items”, consisting of “Commercial Products(s),” “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. § 2.101. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§ 227.7202-1-227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being provided (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other Twilio customers. Unpublished-rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
10.1.12 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.1 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.1 will prevail.
If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or a not for profit organisation and use our services within the EEA or U.K., these terms apply to you.
10.2 European Electronic Communications Code.  If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or not for profit organisation, and Twilio provides you the Services within the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you agree you have read and accept the European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-country-specific-terms/eu-eecc-waiver
.
If your business entity is registered in Brazil, these terms apply to you.
10.3 Brazil.  If you are domiciled in Brazil, the following terms apply:
10.3.1 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may commence (a) litigation proceedings if the amounts being sought are less than two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD) or (b) binding arbitration under the Rules of CAM-CCBC if the amounts being sought are greater than or equal to two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD). To the extent a Dispute is submitted for arbitration, the parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the CAM-CCBC arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator chosen by the mutual agreement of the parties or, failing that, by CAM-CCBC under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil.
If your business entity is registered in Japan, these terms apply to you.
10.4 Japan.  If you are domiciled in Japan, the following terms apply:
10.4.1 Intended Use.  The Services are intended for business use by corporate or business entities, and you agree that you will not use the Services for any personal or individual use.
10.4.2 Required Information and Verification Process.  Depending on the Services you use, you may be required to submit copies of government-issued ID documents to Twilio and/or complete verification processes (e.g., via post) as required under applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation, the Act on Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds and the Telecommunications Business Act.
10.4.3 Taxes and Communications Surcharges.  Taxes, as defined in Section 3.2.1 (Taxes) of this Agreement, will include Japanese consumption tax. The universal service fee and the telephone relay service fee charged by telecommunication providers (e.g., carriers) will be borne by you as part of the Communications Surcharges set forth in Section 3.2.2 (Communications Surcharges) of this Agreement.
10.4.4 Currency.  All Fees are payable in Japanese Yen, except as otherwise set forth in writing, including in an applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without an Order Form.
10.4.5 Intellectual Property Rights.  Any intellectual property rights vested by Twilio under this Agreement will include the rights set forth in Article 27 (Right of Adaptation) and 28 (Original Author’s Right in Derivative Works) of the Copyright Act of Japan, Act No. 48 of May 6, 1970. Further, you agree not to exercise against Twilio, or any other third parties designated by Twilio, any moral rights you may have in any contents, including, without limitation, the feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services that Twilio is entitled to exploit under this Agreement.
10.4.6 Anti-Social Forces.  Each party represents and warrants that it (a) is not an anti-social force (meaning here and hereinafter, gangsters, right-wing groups, anti-social forces, and others equivalent thereto) and (b) does not have any exchange or involvement with anti-social forces, such as cooperation or involvement in the maintenance, operation, or management of anti-social forces, through funding, or other means.
10.4.7 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.4.8 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.4 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.4 will prevail.
If you are joining or participating in any of Twilio's partner programs, these terms apply to you.
10.5 Partner Programs.  If you are joining or participating in any Twilio partner program (each, a “
Partner Program
”), the following terms apply:
10.5.1 Partner Program Acceptance Conditions.  Your acceptance into the applicable Partner Program is conditioned on (a) Twilio’s approval of your completed application to join such applicable Partner Program, if applicable; (b) your satisfaction of all Partner Program acceptance qualifications and requirements that are communicated to you in writing by Twilio; and (c) your acceptance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
10.5.2 Partner Program Guides and Policies.  You will comply with the applicable Partner Program guides and policies available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/partner-program-policies
.
10.5.3 Publicity Restrictions.  Neither party will issue any press releases or public announcements in connection with your participation in the applicable Partner Program without the other party’s prior written consent.
10.5.4 Partner Program Removal.  Twilio may, for any reason or no reason, remove you from the applicable Partner Program, or your access to the applicable Partner Program account portal, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you.
10.5.5 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.5 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.5 will prevail.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy-policy/:
Overview
Terms of Use
Governing Services Agreement
Service-Specific Terms
Privacy Basics
Privacy Notice
1. Introduction
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
5. Data Retention
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
7. Security
8. Minors
9. Data Transfers
10. Who is my data controller?
11. Your rights
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
13. Information specific to other services
Cookies
Cookies Used on Survey Pages
Acceptable Uses Policy
Security
General
Print this Page
Privacy Notice
Versions:
December 5, 2024 (current)
November 7, 2024
July 15, 2024
February 15, 2024
November 1, 2023
September 22, 2023
August 1, 2023
June 15, 2023
October 10, 2022
August 16, 2021
July 1, 2021
November 2, 2020
August 6, 2020
July 7, 2020
November 20, 2019
September 26, 2019
January 2, 2019
April 11, 2018
LAST UPDATED: December 5, 2024
1. Introduction
1.1 Scope
This Privacy Notice applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by  SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda., SurveyMonkey Netherlands B.V., and other SurveyMonkey affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. The services include SurveyMonkey, SurveyMonkey Apply, SurveyMonkey Audience, SurveyMonkey Rewards, SurveyMonkey Contribute, Wufoo, GetFeedback Direct, and GetFeedback Digital. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this Privacy Notice. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Ltda. inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else.
US residents: Please visit our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
for more information on our privacy practices specific to individual states.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or candidates. Employees and candidates should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or
Candidate Privacy Notice
, respectively.
1.2
Quick Links
If you want to identify your data controller please see the “
Who is my data controller?
” section below.
For a quick snapshot of how SurveyMonkey treats personal information see our
Privacy Basics
.
2. Personal Data we collect and the sources
2.1 What do we mean by 'Personal Data'?
References in this Privacy Notice to data, personal information, or information, are all references to Personal Data. Personal Data means information relating to a living individual (a "Data Subject") who is, or can be, reasonably identified from the information, either alone or in conjunction with other information.
2.2 Who do we collect data about?
We group consumers or businesses into the following categories:
Creator
: the business or consumer that holds an account within a SurveyMonkey service that either directly creates surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or that can collaborate, commenting, or review surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account.
Respondent
: the individual that receives a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a SurveyMonkey service.
Panelist
: the individual that uses Contribute or Rewards to take surveys sent by SurveyMonkey on behalf of Creators, or an individual that receives surveys through a third party panel provider. Privacy information specific to panelists can be found in our
Contribute Privacy Notice
,
Rewards Privacy Notice
, and
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
.
Visitor
: you are just visiting one of our websites because you are curious,  have been invited to review a survey as a guest, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels!
2.3 Types of Personal Data We Collect
(a) Contact information.
You might provide us with your contact information (for example: name or email address), whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of SurveyMonkey’s own surveys or forms.
(b) Cookie information.
We use first party and third party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as
web beacons
) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by SurveyMonkey or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies in our
Cookies Notice.
(c) Customer support information.
We collect information submitted through our Customer Support portal, such as name, email, and message text. We also record the content of Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales calls.
(d) Usage information.
We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy and so on.
(e) Device and browser data.
We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, browser type, and other device, network and browser signals. If you are on a mobile device we also collect the UUID for that device. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.
(f) Event data.
Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.
(g) Referral information.
If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email) or have been invited to review a survey as a guest, we record information about the source that referred you to us.
(h) Integration data.
We collect information from third parties with whom SurveyMonkey enables integrations in order to allow you to use both services.
(i) Account information.
Registration information.
You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can use SurveyMonkey services. When you register for an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password and email address.
Billing information.
If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g., a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder to determine the SurveyMonkey entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase.
Account settings.
You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your
account settings page
(or on your account settings page for our other products as applicable). These may include, for example, your default language, time zone and communication preferences (e.g., opting in or out of receiving marketing communications from SurveyMonkey).
(j) Address book information.
We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an
Address Book
so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or to contact anyone, except at your direction.
(k) Survey/form/application data.
We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) for you and provide analysis tools for you to use with respect to this data.
(l) First party profile information.
When you sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. If you are in a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account this may include providing your photo so your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you.
(m) Third party profile information.
We may combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn, ZoomInfo, and other data brokers) with information we hold about you to create a user profile.
3. How we use the Personal Data we collect
3.1 Creator
We process Personal Data about you as a Creator where:
You have consented;
We need to
f
ulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interes
t; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.1.1
Consent
We rely on your consent to process the following data elements:
(a)
Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with collect data from and advertising cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses. We use this data to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
To learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of it, please see our
Cookies Notice
in Section 6. By clearing your cookies in your browser settings, you will no longer see personalized messages in this way but you continue to see ads over the internet that are not based on the information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Depending on your geographic location you can also withdraw your consent using our in-product cookie management tools.
(b) Contact information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information. In jurisdictions where opt-in is required, we will only send you marketing materials based on your consent.
3.1.2
Contract
We collect and use the following data elements on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you:
(a) Account information.
We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, resolve disputes such as chargebacks and refund requests, provide you with customer support, and contact you or your organization about your service or account. These communications are of a transactional nature (e.g., service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you.
We may also use billing information in aggregate to adjust or manage pricing at the individual level or across all service users.
(b) Customer support information.
We will use information submitted through our Customer Support emails, chats, or phone calls, such as name, email, and message content, in order to provide you with customer support.
(c) Usage information.
We use data about how you use our services and how our services are performing to ensure that we’re meeting our service-level agreements (SLAs) or other contractual obligations to you.
(d) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We will also use this data to facilitate account verification and sign in and to enforce our password sharing and security policies. We collect this to help us improve your service experience through a specific device/browser by optimizing how the website looks in a particular browser, how your screen brightness affects your experience and to ensure the service operates optimally and as it should on different devices and browsers.
(e) Integration data.
We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to:
Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook/LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google/SSO;
Ensure you can use our service in conjunction with other services.
See further information
here
on our API partners – for other SurveyMonkey services see below or on the website for that service.
(f) Survey questions and survey responses.
We use machine learning techniques on survey data in order to provide users with useful statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. For example, if you have used open text questions in a survey, our machine learning may provide you with useful insights into sentiment and/or the trends in responses to that question in our Analyze survey tool. You have a choice as regards whether or not to use some of these features. For further information see our Respondent Section.
(g) Aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses.
We use aggregated or de-identified information to provide users with useful benchmarking statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services.
We also use this data to enforce our agreements, where applicable.
3.1.3
Legitimate interests
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Contact information.
Where consent is not required, we use contact information to send you marketing information based on our legitimate interests for as long as you do not opt out. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in emails or changing the relevant setting on your
My Account
page.
(b) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for you. This data is de-identified where possible.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our other services.
For example: We collect information about the types of surveys/forms/applications you create (e.g., HR surveys), the types of plans you purchase and your account transactional behavior to build a profile about you so as to help direct you and your organization to other relevant features and services we offer and to optimize user experience, for example by making recommendations to you or your organization.
We may also use usage information such as levels and nature of activity in your account and number of responses you are receiving to personalize the features and services we highlight for you and your organization in our Sites, improve user experience and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our services through our sales and marketing efforts.
(d) Event data.
We use events contained in log data for many different business purposes to include:
To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
To investigate security issues.
For example: Your IP address is used to determine where an unknown/unauthorized access may have occurred in your account (abuse monitoring).
(e) First party information.
We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, to provide you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer (where permitted by law).
You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data. Furthermore, if you are a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holder, your organization controls some of the data which you include in your profile and they can also edit or remove that information through the primary administrator(s) of that account.
(f) Third party information.
We combine information about you from third party sources (such as LinkedIn and ZoomInfo) with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your service experience.
(g) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes.
(h) End page data.
If you use our survey tool, depending on the package you are on and the settings you have selected, your Respondents may reach the standard
survey end page
on completion of a survey. The end page is part of the SurveyMonkey website. We may include our own
research surveys
and polling on this end page. These surveys are optional for any Respondent to take or skip.
(i) De-identified Device Data.
We use aggregated or de-identified Device Data to extract usage patterns and to improve our services.
(j) De-identified Survey Data.
We use machine learning techniques on aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses to understand usage and improve our services.
3.1.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to use and disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or (where possible) de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.2 Respondent
We process Personal Data about you as a Respondent where:
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to the Creator of the survey;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
3.2.1
Contract
(a) Contact information.
We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry on behalf of a Customer if you, as a Respondent, contact us.
(b) Cookies.
We use required cookies to ensure the operation of a Creator’s survey, form, application, or other SurveyMonkey product. These cookies are used to ensure that all aspects of the survey operate appropriately and optimally. For more information please read our
Cookies section below
and our
Respondent Cookies Notice
.
Examples: We use page tags to allow the email sender (for a survey or form for example) to measure the performance of email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. We also use cookies to ensure a respondent can only take a survey once (where the Creator has set this function) and to track completion rates of surveys.
After completion of a survey, in most cases, you will be redirected to our website and treated as a website visitor where other cookies may be used so you should read our Website Visitor section if this is of interest to you.
(c) Device and browser data.
We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
We use your device and browser data to provide our services to the Creator. For example: your IP address is used to ensure that you do not complete the same survey, form, application or questionnaire twice if the creator has included settings to avoid this (ballot stuffing).
(d) Inferred geographic location.
We also may infer your geographic location based on your IP address. This allows Creators to filter responses by inferred geographic location. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(e) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To create and improve services, features, content or make recommendations;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(f) Third parties and integration data.
We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Creators in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires to you.
(g) Survey response data.
SurveyMonkey may use first party machine learning or third party artificial intelligence tools on data around the type of survey the Creator has sent you, the question type, survey responses (at an aggregated and de-identified/pseudonymized level only), and device and event data associated with responses to  fulfill our contract with Creators and provide Creators with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services. Specifically, we use machine learning on survey data to help Creators by:
identifying trends in their responses;
ongoing training of models to optimize responses;
making product recommendations and providing guidance on which products and services work best in different scenarios (For an example of this check out how SurveyMonkey Genius works here);
Extracting and analyzing usage patterns, for example, we might identify when respondents prefer multiple choice versus open text questions and make predictive response suggestions when certain question types are selected. We might also use this data to help improve analysis of responses;
undertaking personalization for survey Creators;
improving user experience (for example, by collecting and using device and browser information from Respondents to improve how our survey service operates on those devices and in those browsers or by altering questions to match the responses being provided by a Respondent); and
identify insightful data trends (which do not disclose Personal Data) and make recommendations to Creators based on those trends.
A Creator has some controls over how we use responses and may have opted-out of applying machine learning to responses where it is
linked to a specific product feature
in some cases.
3.2.2
Legitimate Interest
s
We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Usage information.
We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to our customers about usage of our services.
For example: We collect information about the types of questions you answer. This data will be aggregated and/or de-identified where possible, so we can examine patterns in terms of respondent preferences when submitting responses. We collect and use all this data to help us improve our product so that questions are easier to answer and to help improve the completion rates on surveys/forms.
We will also use information such as the type of survey, form, questionnaire or application that you answered to personalize products we show you on completion of a survey and to understand trends in our service adoption. See more about
Customizing Survey End Page here
).
(b) Responses (in aggregated and/or de-identified form).
To build new product features.
(c) Inferred geographic location.
We may infer your geographic location based on your IP address to produce aggregated data around Respondent location trends. We will use this information to compare and look at trends on how our service operates and how you interact with surveys, on different browsers and devices. Note: we do not collect precise (GPS) location.
(d) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present personalized advertisements such as display, videos, and content on the web or connected devices. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(e) Customer support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support for our Customer. This data is de-identified where possible.
3.2.3
Legal obligation
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use usage data, event data, and aggregated or de-identified survey questions and responses:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To investigate security issues;
To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity . For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
3.3 Visitor
We process Personal Data about you as a Visitor where:
You have consented;
We need to fulfill our contractual responsibility;
We have a legitimate interest; and
We have a legal obligation.
In some cases, as a former website visitor, we may not have any personal information about you (for example if you have not interacted with our site or have cleared your cookies).
3.3.1
Consent
When you have consented, we collect and use the following information about you:
(a) Contact Information.
We use contact information to respond to your inquiries or send you information about our services, either where you have agreed to this at the point of providing your information or where you operate in a business which may be interested in our services and for as long as you do not opt-out. opt-out of this marketing at any time.
(b) Cookies and similar technology.
We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as non-required cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so to tailor ads to users, personalize marketing, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. We use this data to personalize online marketing campaigns to be relevant to you and your interests in our services. You can withdraw your consent at any time on our Cookie Banner.
If you do not want SurveyMonkey to use this information to serve you targeted ads about our services, you may indicate your preferences at
https://www.aboutads.info
,
https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/
or, if you are located in the European Union, at
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. You may continue to receive ads over the internet that are not based on information you provided to SurveyMonkey.
These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users.
3.3.2
Contract
(a) Device and event data.
We use device data to fix bugs and troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it.
(b) Comments/Content.
Any comments or content linked to you which you share if you are a guest invited to collaborate on a survey.
3.3.3
Legitimate Interest
s
We also carry out the following processing for legitimate business interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.
(a) Third party profile information.
Where permitted by law, we combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve our marketing/sales campaigns and website experience
(b) Email address.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
(c) Usage information.
We use information about how you have interacted with our websites to improve our website services for you and all users. Some examples relevant to you:
Examples: We collect information about the webpages you have visited and your activity on our sites at an aggregate level. We collect this information so that we can track the most visited and most useful parts of our website to identify what are our most popular services.
(d) Event data.
We use event data for many different business purposes including the following:
To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;
To track your preferences and create new services, features, content or make recommendations personalized for you;
To track behavior at the aggregate/de-identified level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; and
To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.
(e) Customer Support information.
We may use information provided to our Customer Support, Customer Success, and Sales teams such as name, email, and message content to train machine learning models to better predict customer support question type, provide answers, generate insights about customer support trends, and to improve our Customer Support. This data is de-identified where possible.
(f) Referral information.
We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement for one of our brands, presented by one of our partners on the web, which brought you to one of our websites, we will record this information to help us track the success of advertising campaigns.
3.3.4
Legal obligation.
(a)
To respond to legal requests, we may need to disclose information we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
(b)
We may also use event data:
To enforce our agreements where applicable;
To prevent potentially illegal activities; and
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud under our
Acceptable Uses Policy
.
4. How we share or disclose Personal Data
4.1 Information you share
Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it can be indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and deleting your content but we cannot delete content from search engines so you need to be careful about information you make public.
4.2 Information we share
We do not share your information or data with third parties outside SurveyMonkey except in the following limited circumstances:
(a)
If you are a Creator that is part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your account information and data will be shared with the primary administrator(s) and your survey data may also be visible to other members in your team with whom you share your surveys or with whom you collaborate. Your administrator(s) will be able to view your account data, change your passwords, suspend, transfer or terminate your account or restrict your settings. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(b)
If you are the primary administrator of a SurveyMonkey team plan, the team name and the domain of the email address on your account may be shared with an individual who has been invited to preview a survey created by one of the members of your team in order to facilitate their request to join the team. You can learn more about how to adjust Team Discovery settings
here.
(c)
If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise or team plan, your plan’s administrator(s) can transfer your survey questions and responses to, or share them with, other members in your team, including your plan’s administrator(s) themselves.  Your plan’s administrator(s) can also delete your survey questions and responses.  Your plan’s administrator(s) may also have the ability to make changes to any aspects of your survey questions and analysis.  Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this.
(d)
If your organization has purchased a SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan and you are using an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization linked to your individual account, you may be asked to migrate to the SurveyMonkey Enterprise Account and your email address, name and account data will subsequently be visible to the primary administrator(s) for that account once you have been migrated. You may be notified in advance of this migration and given an opportunity to change the email address linked to your account if you are not using your account for business purposes.
(e)
To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:
facilitate our collectors for sending surveys by email or text to Respondents. For email delivery, we use
SparkPost
and for text/SMS services we use
Twilio
. We share the relevant contact information for respondents (email address or phone number as applicable) with these third parties.
facilitate Creators in making
payments
.
to facilitate the delivery of certain features, for example if you use the “Create a survey using AI” we will send your survey prompts to our AI vendor. We recommend that you do not include Personal Data in these prompts but if you do they will be shared with the AI vendor.
to detect fraud (to include, for example, performing identify checks or verify malicious IPs).
deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.
help us track website conversion success metrics.
manage our sales and customer support services to you, including for resolving any disputes.
We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practices in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices. You can find more information in our
Subprocessor Statement
.
(f)
On your instructions, we share your information or data if you choose to use an integration in conjunction with SurveyMonkey services, to the extent necessary to facilitate that use. See further information
here
on our API partners.
(g)
We also may have to share information or data for the following purposes:
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
To enforce applicable policies, including investigation of potential violations;
To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
To protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users, the public or to SurveyMonkey and/or as required or permitted by law; and
To facilitate a sale, merger or change in control of all or any part of our company or business or in preparation for any of these events.
5. Data retention
If you are a Creator, we generally do not delete the data in your account as long as your account is active – you are responsible for and control the time periods for which you retain this data. You can read about this
here
for account use. Here are some exceptions:
If you are a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) user on our platforms and you have not engaged with the service actively for some time, we reserve the right to delete your account and data in accordance with our data retention policy.
If you have exceeded your response limit as a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) account holder, we will delete the overages if you do not upgrade within a fixed timeframe.
We also encourage Creators to actively review their data retention practices in their account and take care to retain data only as long as is strictly necessary.
We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our websites in our
Cookies Notice
.
6. Personalized marketing and cookies
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our
Cookies Notice
. For information about cookies used in our surveys please see
Cookies used on Survey Pages
. If you are a customer of SurveyMonkey and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services, then you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies and this Privacy Notice is not applicable to that use by you.
You can also choose to remove or disable cookies via your
browser settings
and, depending on your geographic location you can withdraw consent to non-essential cookies using the in-product cookie preferences tool.
You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article on how to do this
here
.
Depending on your geographic location, we may share your email address in hashed form with marketing vendors to present targeted and personalized marketing and sales information online. You can opt out via
this portal
.
7. Security
We have a security statement related to our self-serve businesses (SurveyMonkey and Wufoo) available to view
here
. For information about security related to our other business lines you can speak to a sales representative by completing the form
here
.
8. Safety of Minors
Our services (including creating and responding to surveys) are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “
Minors
” are individuals under the age of 16 (or under a higher age as provided in certain countries or territories). SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect Personal Data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected Personal Data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support.
9. Data Transfers
Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in the United States and countries in which our affiliates are located and in which our service providers are located or have servers. You can view a list of these locations in our
EU Data Transfer Statement
. You can also read about data that is stored in our other data centers here in our
International Data Center Overview
. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements with standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as approved by the European Commission or relevant data protection authority.
We have also provided a
help article
which answers some additional questions about data transfers to the US.
9.1
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles.
SurveyMonkey Inc. has self-certified its compliance under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal information received from the European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the Framework’s applicable Principles. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. SurveyMonkey Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
SurveyMonkey Inc. also complies with the onward transfer liability provisions of the DPF.
When SurveyMonkey Inc. receives personal information under the DPF and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as agent on SurveyMonkey Inc.'s behalf, SurveyMonkey Inc. has certain liability under the DPF if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (ii) SurveyMonkey Inc. is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In certain situations, SurveyMonkey Inc. may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, SurveyMonkey Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  Please contact SurveyMonkey Inc. as described in Section 11 below if you have any concerns or complaints of any nature. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf
, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
10. Who is my data controller?
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback to a Creator using SurveyMonkey services, that Creator is the controller of your data, and SurveyMonkey is the processor of that data.
For SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holders, your organization’s primary administrator controls some basic account level information which you input when setting up your account like name, email address, and profile photo.
If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback directly to SurveyMonkey, then SurveyMonkey is the controller and our use of that data is described by this Notice and in our
SurveyMonkey Research Privacy Notice
.
If you are a Creator and have received more responses than your plan allows (“overage data”), SurveyMonkey is the controller over the overage data until you change your plan type, or the overage data is deleted in accordance with section 12.4 of our
Terms of Use
or per the terms of your negotiated contract.
SurveyMonkey is a controller for the account-level data provided by its Creators and panelists from Contribute and Rewards. More information can be found in section 13.6 of this Privacy Notice.
11. Your rights
You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or to correct, update or delete that information. For more information about these rights you can read about it
here
. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person.
11.1
Apply Applicants
For SurveyMonkey Apply users please see
information on how to exercise your rights here
.
11. 2 Creator
Where you hold an account with any SurveyMonkey service, you are entitled to a copy of all Personal Data which we hold in relation to you. You also may be entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own account when you log in. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact us
here
.
Depending on your plan type, SurveyMonkey also enables you to export your own response data from our system in a variety of formats so that you can back it up or use it with other applications. Alternatively, for assistance in exporting or deleting responses, you can contact us.
11.3 Respondent
Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a Creator using a SurveyMonkey service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses. SurveyMonkey does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this Creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can
contact us
through
our support team
and we will try our best to help you.
11.4 Panelist
If you have created a Rewards or Contribute account with us, you can request a copy of your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, or correct it.
11.5 Visitor
Where you have visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team
here
. Alternatively, if your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates only to our use of cookies you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article describing how to do this
here
.
11.6 Authorized Agent
If you are a third party organization acting on behalf of a data subject (or class of data subjects) to exercise data subject rights, we do work with you. In this case:
We ask you to follow our process outlined in this Privacy Notice for security reasons so that we can independently verify the Creator (if it is a Creator) making any requests to exercise their rights.
Where applicable, we directly interact with a Creator’s registered email address, because we authenticate users with username and unique password and not with other identifying information (e.g., photo ID or similar).
Please do not share other forms of personal identification for data subjects with us when submitting requests.
11.7
Other rights and choices
For rights and choices specific to US consumers, please refer to our
Region Specific Privacy Notice
. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request as described in that Notice.
11.8
Contact
Except as explicitly provided herein, please use the following contact information for privacy inquiries
SurveyMonkey Inc.
910 Park Pl, Suite 300
San Mateo, California 94403
United States
Or contact us
here
.
SurveyMonkey Europe UC
Ella House, Suite 40.4
40 Merrion Square East
Dublin 2
D02 NP96
Ireland
Or contact us
here
.
Data Protection Officer
: SurveyMonkey's Data Protection Officer is registered with the Irish Data Protection Commission.  Contact our DPO at
dpo@surveymonkey.com
.
Note that our contact form is the
best
way to make a rights request with us.
11.9
Complaints
If you are a resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As SurveyMonkey Europe UC operates its business in Ireland, it operates under the remit of the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (see:
IDPC Website
).
12. Changes to our Privacy Notice
We can make changes to the
Privacy Basics
and this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on
this page
. In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders.
13. Privacy information specific to other services
Although this Privacy Notice applies to all our Services, some information may be specific to individual Services. Please see below for more information
13.1
SurveyMonkey Apply
SurveyMonkey Apply is an online application system that helps organizations collect applications, manage subscriptions and facilitate reviews. Our main Privacy Notice applies to
apply.surveymonkey.com
(“SurveyMonkey Apply”) except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is applicable only to our survey tool. Responses and Respondents in this section are intended as reference to applicants and their applications for the purposes of use of SurveyMonkey Apply.
When an applicant submits an application through SurveyMonkey Apply, their login information can be used for multiple applications across the SurveyMonkey Apply site.
If you have any questions about your personal information in the context of our SurveyMonkey Apply service, you can contact us
here
.
13.2
Wufoo
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our Wufoo users except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool.
13.3.1
Your control over your form data
We store your form data (form content and responses) for you. You have the following controls over your form data:
Download/backup your form data. We provide you with the ability to export, share and publish your form data in a variety of formats. This allows you to create your own backups or work with your data offline. See
here
for data exporting instructions.
Delete your form data. You can delete your form data (including parts of forms, entire forms, and responses to forms) through your account's user interface. See
here
for how to delete form entries.
Cancel your Wufoo account. You can cancel your Wufoo account at any time through your account management page. Any cancellation of your Wufoo account will result in the deletion of your account and all form data stored in it. This data cannot be recovered once your account is cancelled. Please be aware that we may for a time retain residual information in our backup and/or archival copies of our database for up to 90 days.
We would like to emphasize that we will not use your form data to compete with you, market to your clients, or contact them for any other means of profit. We will also not sell your form data to anyone.
13.4
GetFeedback Digital (formerly Usabilla)
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Digital users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Digital’s service, in which case this Section takes precedence.
Information about GetFeedback Digital APIs is provided
here
.
Information about GetFeedback Digital partners is provided
here
.
We do not delete customer data unless the customer has instructed us to do so. You can delete your data at any time. You can also set a data retention period between 1-36 months after which data is automatically deleted.
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
To adjust your preferences and settings around data and information you must be logged into your account and/or can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com for assistance or you can read about this more
here
.
To exercise your data rights (as described in our main Privacy NoticeSection 14 above) you can use our
contact form
(please specify that this is a GetFeedback Digital request) or you can contact GetFeedback Digital’s team at privacy@getfeedback.com.
13.5
GetFeedback Direct
Our main Privacy Notice applies to our GetFeedback Direct users, except where the Privacy Notice specifies a section that is only applicable to our survey tool, or information in this section distinguishes our treatment of data and information in the case of GetFeedback Direct's service, in which case this section takes precedence. If you are part of any of our early adopter programs our main Privacy Notice will apply to you.
13.5.1
Sentiment Analysis
Sentiment Analysis and other additional machine learning features are auto-implemented for all customer accounts and cannot be switched off. If you do not wish to collect sentiment on your response data you should avoid use of open text response questions.
13.5.2
Salesforce
GetFeedback Direct is a Salesforce ISVforce partner. If you have created a GetFeedback Direct account, the registration information you provide will be disclosed to Salesforce.com, Inc. and will be used by Salesforce.com, Inc. pursuant to its privacy policy (see
Salesforce Privacy Policy
). More information about how to automate emails in GetFeedback Direct using Salesforce is available
here
. Information about displaying a Post Chat Survey in Salesforce Chat can be found
here
.
13.5.3
Suppression Lists
You can manage your suppression lists and map these to Salesforce so as to ensure you comply with unsubscribe requests from your Respondents by following the steps outlined
here
. For clarity, we are not responsible for how you manage your suppression lists.
13.5.4
Contact Us
To exercise your rights (as described in Section 11 of the Privacy Notice), please contact the GetFeedback Direct support team at
help@getfeedback.com
.
13.6
Audience
If you are a panelist using our Rewards or Contribute apps, please read the following notices as they apply to your use of those Services:
SurveyMonkey Contribute Privacy Notice
SurveyMonkey Rewards Privacy Notice
If you are a panelist responding to a SurveyMonkey survey through a third party, please read the following notice as it applies to your use of those Services:
Third Party Panel Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 8
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Free DNS resolver
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
For enterprise
For small business
For hobbyists and individuals
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner
Sub-policy 9
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account