Endocrine
Privacy Policy
More in this section
ABOUT US
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Ethics & Documents
Society Staff
Our History
Society Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
SHARE
email
facebook
twitter
bluesky
pinterest
print
Privacy Statement
The Endocrine Society respects the privacy of our users and created this privacy statement to apprise you of our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to modify this statement at any time, so please check back periodically for our latest privacy practices.
This Privacy Statement includes, without limitation, the following information:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through the website;
How such information is used;
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information;
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your information, and
What security obligations are in place.
Collection of Information
Personal identifying information is your name, street or email address, phone number or any other information when used by itself or with other data, might identify you individually. The Endocrine Society does not collect this information on this website except where it is sent to us voluntarily. For example, when you order goods or services online, we ask you for personal identifying information so we can fulfill those goods and services or contact you.
Use of Information
The Endocrine Society may use the personal identifying information we collect to contact you in the future. Specifically, we may send promotional emails notifying you of events, products and services, significant developments, or other information we believe might be of interest. We will not disclose your email address to third parties.
Once someone voluntarily provides an email address, the Endocrine Society uses that information to email the person for transaction follow-up, promotions and communications. We collect data to track the effectiveness of emails, which enables us to better serve our varied audiences.
The Endocrine Society does not rent email addresses or phone numbers to third parties.  However, we do rent the names and mailing addresses we gather to third parties.  These third parties may subsequently contact you by mail.
Choices
All Endocrine Society's marketing emails include a link for unsubscribing. If you do not wish to have your personal identifying information used or disclosed for these purposes, you may "opt-out." By logging into your account on endocrine.org, you can “opt-out” or unsubscribe to email messages. We will apply any unsubscribe request as quickly as possible. However, because email campaigns may already be in progress, some email messages may still be sent until the opt-out request can be fully processed. Once the opt-out is processed that email address will no longer receive marketing or promotional emails from Endocrine Society.  Email addresses are still used in support of specific transactions (e.g., membership renewal notices, order confirmations)
If you do not have an Endocrine Society account, please contact us at
info@endocrine.org
. In your email, please indicate one of the following opt-out choices:
NO OUTSIDE DISTRIBUTION (please do not disclose my name or address on a commercial mailing list)
NO EMAIL (please do not include me in lists for Society email correspondence)
NO MAIL (please do not include me on any internal promotional Endocrine Society mailings or on any commercial mailing lists)
European Union Residents Only
If you are a European Union resident and wish to have your personal information removed from our systems entirely and permanently, please contact us at
info@endocrine.org
to initiate the process.  Please keep in mind this is irreversible and we will not be able to recover your previous membership terms or any other past records if you wish to rejoin or become customer in the future.
Notwithstanding any of the above, we may release membership lists or personal identifying information if we determine the release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our contractual rights or obligations, to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Endocrine Society, our members, or others, or to establish a legal claim or defense.
Non-Personal Information
To serve our members and website visitors better, the Endocrine Society tracks and analyzes the traffic to our website. We may collect information about your computer and the sections of our website visited. For example, we may collect IP Addresses and use information on the types of computer or web browser you use. This information is used in the aggregate to create statistics for our site and for our system administration. It enables us to analyze the use of our website and design it to better reflect our users' interests.
In addition, we may place so-called "cookies" on the computers of visitors. This will enable you to return to our website and use its services without logging in and identifying yourself each time. We may use cookies to track your activities other than on our website. Visitors can decline tracking by clearing cookies from their computers.
Continuing Medical Education (CME) and Maintenance of Certification (MOC)
The Endocrine Society records learner's personal information as provided on CME evaluations to allow for issuance and tracking of CME certificates. The Endocrine Society may also track aggregate responses to questions in activities and evaluations and use these data to inform the ongoing evaluation and improvement of its CME program. No individual performance data or any other personal information collected from evaluations is shared with third parties.
Correction of Information
If you wish to review the information we have collected from you (e.g., to confirm we have the correct address), please visit the
My Account
section on our website or  contact us at
info@endocrine.org
. We will respond to you promptly and provide you with opportunity to correct any errors.
Security
The Endocrine Society has significant protections in place to ensure the privacy of your personal information. Our membership database and connected systems are implemented and designed to protect your information. We collect the minimum information necessary to fulfill our goods and services, such as becoming a member, purchasing a product, or registering for a course or event. Multiple layers of physical, administrative, and electronic protections have been put in place to protect all information from unauthorized use, access, or malicious activity. Personnel procedures and processes have been developed and are in place with an emphasis on privacy.  Our systems are audited by independent third parties. Effective customer privacy and security are a top priority for our organization.  While we have safeguards in place to prevent interception or unauthorized access, there is no absolute guarantee of security. In the unlikely event of a security breach resulting in the disclosure of non-public personal information of end users, Endocrine Society will promptly investigate the matter and notify end users within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach.  We do not represent, warrant, or guarantee your personal information will be protected against unauthorized access, loss, misuse, or alterations, and do not accept any liability for the security of the personal information submitted to us or for your or third parties' use or misuse of personal information.
DMD Healthcare Communications Network℠ Privacy Statement
This digital service participates in the DMD Healthcare Communication Network℠ (the "Network"), and as such has implemented various technologies for universal registration/login among all Network member websites.  These technologies are managed by DMD Marketing Corp. ("DMD"), and may involve the collection, receipt, and sharing of information with DMD, its clients and other Network members. If you would like to understand how this digital service’s participation in the Network affects your privacy, please click here:
http://usersupport.dmdconnects.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm
Please note that the Network registration/login system may be different from the registration/login used by this digital service for other products and services. To the extent that anything in this privacy policy conflicts with the policy for the Network technologies, the conflict will be resolved in favor of the policy applicable to the Network technologies.
More in this section
ABOUT US
Board of Directors
Contact Us
Ethics & Documents
Society Staff
Our History
Society Employment
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Back to top
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
I agree to the
Terms & Policies
.
Subscribe
For 100 years, the Endocrine Society has been at the forefront of hormone science and public health.
Read about our history
and how we continue to serve the endocrine community.
Copy link
✓
Thanks for sharing!
More…
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://usersupport.dmdconnects.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm:
Peer-influenced content. Sources you trust. No registration required. This is HCN.
Trending Topics:
DIET & NUTRITION
PATIENT EDUCATION
OBESITY/WEIGHT MANAGEMENT
EXERCISE/TRAINING
LEGAL MATTERS
GUIDELINES/RECOMMENDATIONS
Healthcare Communications Network Privacy Policy
Quick links
Quick links
The Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Protect Your Information
How We Disclose Your Information
Managing Your Information
Data Privacy Rights
Additional Rights for California Residents
International Citizens
Children
Contact Us
Last updated: March 01, 2025
This privacy notice (“Notice”) will inform you about the types of personal, behavioral, and other information that the Healthcare Communications Network (“Network,” “we,” “our,” or “us”), which is operated by DMD Marketing Corporation (an IQVIA business), collects, uses, and discloses about you from our Network member websites, as well as any information that we process through our own website, which is available at:
https://hcn.health/
.
Each website maintained by the members of the Network will have its own privacy policy that applies. You should review any additional privacy policies to understand how they affect any information that you provide or is collected at that website. The Network itself, and IQVIA Inc. (“IQVIA”) in particular, are not responsible for the policies or actions of individual Network members regarding the information you provide to them or how they use it.
The Information We Collect
We may collect information that can be used to identify you, and other personal information you voluntarily submit, as part of a registration process at a Network member’s website. This may include your name and email address. We may also collect information as a result of your interaction with any Network member’s website, an IQVIA client (“Client’) website, or any communication received directly or indirectly from us. This means we may collect information from you through multiple locations, not just the website through which you initially register. We may also collect information through our own website, including your name, email address, organization name, and other information that you choose to provide.
The information we may collect automatically, on or through, Network member websites, or Client websites, includes your Internet protocol (IP) address, user agent strings, and page visits. If we identify that you are accessing Network or Client websites through multiple devices, we will associate each such device with your profile.
We may use cookies, pixels, web tags, beacons, or similar technological devices to identify users and/or their computer(s) or mobile device(s) in order to keep track of users’ interactions with Network member websites, Client websites, and communications with us.
We do not collect or process your sensitive data or consumer health data.
We may disclose, share, or sell for our business and commercial purposes any of the categories of data we collect (as elaborated on in the “How We Use Your Information” and “How We Disclose Your Information” sections below).
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To identify and verify your professional medical status by checking your information against the information listed on available databases, including those made available by the American Medical Association, the NPPES NPI Registry, and/or state licensing boards.
To analyze activity data at an aggregate and/or individual level to personalize and enhance your experience while interacting with Network member websites, Client websites, and across the various communication channels you use to receive professionally relevant information.
To identify individuals who visit a Network member website, a Client website, or an IQVIA website. Personal information, such as the email address, of an individual or group of individuals who meet targeting criteria might be shared with Network members or Clients so that relevant advertising or marketing communications can be delivered. In certain cases, such as social media websites, a proprietary file from the website that identifies these individuals might be shared with Network members or Clients so that relevant advertising or marketing communication can be delivered.
To allow us or our Clients to deliver the type of content and services that we believe may be of interest to you as a health care professional.  Such content might be delivered to you as an email, an advertisement on a website, a promotional item on a social media platform, a face-to-face interaction (such as via a Client’s sales representative), or an advertisement delivered via a connected television platform or other connected device. Such content will be targeted to your professional experience and/or interests, based on your professional activities and/or other information we have collected or are otherwise able to access.
To establish your online account and authenticate you during login at any website that provides medically relevant information.
To share your engagement information with the sponsor(s) of the medically relevant programs with which you interact.
To determine your geographical location in order to exclude non-U.S. participants.
To offer you services through our website.
For analytics and interest-based advertisements (also known as targeted advertising) (as described below in the “How We Disclose Your Information” section below).
We do not use your personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce a legal or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer.
How We Protect Your Information
We have established and implemented reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative procedures designed to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect and maintain online. Additionally, we do not retain personal information longer than is necessary for us to achieve the purposes for which we collected it. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the security of information that is transmitted over the Internet or stored on our servers.   Any information you provide to us, whether directly, or through a Network member or Client website, is at your own risk.
Please note that we do not have any control over, or responsibility for, information you provide to or through Network member, or Client websites.  Those websites are not managed by IQVIA. Any concern you may have regarding how a particular Network member or Client website protects personal information should be directed to that specific Network member or Client.
How We Disclose Your Information
We may disclose, share, or sell any of the information described in “The Information We Collect” (see above) to third parties in the below circumstances. Please note that, under some jurisdictions’ privacy laws, our disclosure of personal information to third parties for our business purposes may constitute a “sale”.
Verification.
Although all Network and Client communications are designed to be professionally relevant to health care professionals, certain information, products, and services we provide only to specific types of medical professionals. To ensure that we are delivering the information, products, and services as may be required by law, guidelines (e.g., Certified Medical Education and PDMA) or contract, we may share your information with third-party sources to verify your eligibility to receive the content.
Network Members.
The Network exists to allow members to share relevant information, including visitor’s personal information, with one another. We may disclose your personal information to any/all members of the Network for their own purposes and subject to their individual privacy policies.
IQVIA Client.
We may disclose your personal information with any/all clients of IQVIA who provide healthcare products or services.  IQVIA clients are granted the right to use this personal information for communication, advertising, or analytics purposes, geared to your profession or professional interests.
Analytics Providers
. We partner with certain third parties to obtain the automatically collected information discussed above and to engage in analysis, auditing, research, and reporting.  These third parties may use web logs or web beacons, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. In particular, our website uses
Google Analytics
to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics
here
.
Interest-based Advertising (or Targeted Advertising).
We enable third-party tracking advertisers to collect information about you and your computing devices for use in online interest-based advertising.  For example, third parties may use the fact that you visited our website to target online ads to you.  In addition, our third-party advertising networks might use information about your use of our website to help target advertisements based on your online activity in general.  For information about interest-based advertising practices, including privacy and confidentiality, visit the
Network Advertising Initiative website
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance website
. The use of online tracking mechanisms by third parties is subject to those third parties’ own privacy policies, and not this Notice.  If you prefer to prevent third parties from setting and accessing cookies on your computer or other device, you may set your browser to block cookies.  Additionally, you may remove yourself from the targeted advertising of companies within the Network Advertising Initiative by opting out
here
, or of companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance by opting out
here
.  Although our website currently does not respond to “do not track” browser headers, you can limit tracking through these third-party programs and by taking the other steps discussed above.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, each of which may use your personal information consistent with this policy.
Service Providers.
We may disclose your personal information to service providers (e.g., analytics companies) in order for them to perform services for us.
Enforcement of Rights/Security.
We may disclose your  personal information (i) when we believe we are required to do so (e.g. we have received a subpoena), (ii) when we believe it is necessary to protect and/or enforce the rights, property interests, or safety of IQVIA, Network members, our users, clients, or others, or (iii) as we deem necessary, for example, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, prevent fraud, and otherwise enforce the privacy notice and other user agreements.
Reorganization or Sale of the Company.
In the event that we are merged with or become part of another organization, we are sold, we sell all — or substantially all — of our assets, or we are otherwise reorganized, the information we maintain, including your personal information, will be one of the assets licensed, sold or otherwise transferred.
As Otherwise Allowed by Law.
We may disclose or transfer personal information to third parties where we are expressly authorized by applicable law to do so.
Other commercial purposes.
We may choose to rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, or sell your personal information to another business or third party in return for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Managing Your Information
If you choose to provide your personal information to a Network member, Client, and/or IQVIA, you have certain rights to opt out:
You may opt out of a Network member using your personal information by following the opt out instructions on that specific website.
You may opt out of IQVIA using your personal information by sending an email with your specific request, along with your name, email address, and NPI number (if available), to
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
. We may ask you for additional information to authenticate your request.
You may opt out of receiving email communications from IQVIA, a Network member, or a Client by utilizing the unsubscribe mechanism found in the email you received. This will remove you from the email list for that specific program or campaign.
You may remove the cookies, pixels, beacons, or similar devices that may communicate information to us. To remove these devices, please follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your browser.
You may remove any tags we use by clearing the cookies and the cache of your browser. Please follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer of your browser for these operations.
Depending on your data privacy choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
Data Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of a jurisdiction with an applicable data privacy law, you may have certain rights available to you in relation to your personal data or personal information. These rights may include:
The right to access your personal information (including a data portability request);
The right to correct or amend any personal information we have on file about you;
The right to delete your personal information;
The right to limit the use of your “sensitive” personal information;
The right to opt-out of the sale or “sharing” of your personal information;
The right to opt-out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes;
The right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (such as for direct marketing purposes);
The right to restrict or opt-out of the use of your personal information for certain automated decision-making (including profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects); and
The right to revoke your consent (to the extent applicable);
To exercise any of the rights listed above, please contact us via email at
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
or fill out this
form
. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible and within the timeframe required under applicable law. Prior to complying with your request, we will first verify your identity by comparing the information you provide with the information we have on file for you.
We will allow you to appeal any decision we make in response to your request to exercise a data privacy right in accordance with applicable law. Appeals may be submitted to
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
with the subject line “Appeal of Decision Related to Privacy Rights Request.”
Additionally, you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
Additional Rights for California Residents
If you are a resident of California, please review our
State-Specific Rights
for additional rights that may apply to you.
International Citizens
The Network and our website are only intended for U.S. residents.  We do not intend to provide information about products and services to individuals who are not based in the US. IQVIA does not knowingly send communications to, or track web activity for, medical professionals who are not based in the United States, and utilizes reasonable measures, including technical measures, which are designed to identify recipients who are located outside of the U.S.  Nevertheless, in the event you are located outside of the U.S., you consent to the processing of your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice.
The information that we collect through or in connection with our services is transferred to and processed in the United States for the purposes described above. We may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, affiliates or third parties in the United States or countries other than your country of residence. The data protection laws in these countries may be different from, and less stringent than, those in your country of residence. By using our services or by providing any personal or other information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing.
Children
Content on our site is directed at individuals over the age of 18 and is not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to modify this privacy notice at any time without notice.
Contact Us
IQVIA Inc.
Attention: Privacy Lead
10255 West Higgins Road
Suite 280
Rosemont, IL 60018
E:
privacyofficer@iqvia.com
1-847-813-1170
Be sure to include your name, postal address, and email address if you want to receive a response by email. Otherwise, we will respond by postal mail within the time required by applicable law.