web and mobile developer
#Web #php #mobile #apps
Home
About
Mobile Applications
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
GENERAL
This privacy policy is intended to give you confidence in the privacy and security of the personal information 
we obtain from you by using our mobile applications published on Google Play Store, Apple Store and Windows Store.
However, please note that we are not responsible for any use of your personal information you provide to 
third-party applications or websites that may be accessed via our mobile applications.
We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any third-party applications, services or websites that you use.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
By using our mobile applications you accept providing information required by our mobile applications to function properly for the purpose of the mobile application.
The operating system on which the mobile application is running on limits access by permission rights which varies according to operation system of the device. Our mobile applications only demand permission for required access rights for the application run properly.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use data (ie. location data) collected from mobile application user only for the functions of application run.
We do not use or collect any data (ie. location data) gathered through our mobile applications out of mobile application usage.
We do not share any data (ie. location data) gathered through our mobile applications to third parties without permission of application user.
THIRD PARTY APIS AND LIBRARIES
Our mobile applications may include usage of third party libraries (ie. google maps api) to provide the application run properly. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party apis and libraries that are required to be used in our mobile applications.
POLICY CHANGES
Any changes in this policy will be published on our website within this page. You are advised to check this page regularly to view our most recent privacy policy.