Name of the company managing the data:
Pharmapromo
Address of the company managing the data:
4026 Debrecen, 20 Csemete Street
Contact:
pharmapromo@pharmapromo.hu
Description of data management:
Managing data based on the voluntary, informed and definite consent of registered users of the online website.
The legal foundation of managing data:
Act. CXII of 2011 on Informational Self-Determination and Freedom of Information (“Privacy Act”). To attain the consent for managing data from a user under 16 is only possible with the agreement or post-approval of his/her legal guardian. The written consent for using special user data can be submitted only after reading and accepting the „Privacy Policy”.
Data managed on the site
Mandatory data provided by the user when registering on the site:
username, first and last name, email address, gender, address, phone number.
Data voluntarily and optionally provided by the user when registering on the site:
company/workplace of the user, mobile phone number, fax number.
The goal of data management:
Pharmapromo can use the data provided on the site for statistical purposes and to forward research information. The use of the data for these purposes can be prohibited by the user with unsubscribing from the site. Data can be forwarded to third parties only with the informed consent of the user submitted beforehand. This doesn’t apply to cases where forwarding data is a legal obligation.
Duration of data management:
The mandatory and optional data provided by the user during the registration process on the site can be stored and managed by Pharmapromo until the user unsubscribes from the website which is always a given option provided by the site. (Within 5 days of unsubscribing from the site based on voluntary decision, Pharmapromo deletes all data provided by the user. In case a user is submitting data illegally and deceptively, or commits a crime Pharmapromo – according to the terms of use – deletes the user registration and can delete all information given by the user in the same time.)
Deleting personal data:
A user can ask Pharmapromo to delete his/her personal or special data, this request should be sent to this email address: pharmapromo@pharmapromo.hu. Five days within receiving the request Pharmapromo deletes all the data in question. The data deleted cannot be restored.
Name of the company processing the data:
Pharmapromo
Address of the company processing the data:
4026 Debrecen, 20 Csemete Street
Description of data processing:
Technical tasks in connection with data management processes.
Data privacy arrangements:
Personal data is stored inside of Hungary on servers owned by Pearl Hungary. All data (personal and additional) provided during registration is stored on a secure, closed server. Only developers or webmasters with discrete, limited admin rights can see the user data during data management and processing.
Forwarding data:
Pharmapromo informs the user and asks for promission before forwarding any data to a third party. Pharmapromo is managing a registry about forwarded data.
Possible changes of the privacy policy:
Pharmapromo has the right to modify this privacy policy with informing users beforehand. With visiting and using the website after the changes took place, users agree to the modified privacy policy.
User rights in connection with management of their personal data:
Users can require information about management of their personal data. The company or person managing the data informs the user about the data managed on the site, the goal, legal foundation, duration of the data management, about the name, address of the data manager, the activities in connection with data management and about third parties who received their data and the purpose of forwarding the data. Information requirements can be sent to pharmapromo@pharmapromo.hu, replies can be expected within 8 working days. Users can ask Pharmapromo to delete their data according to the terms mentioned in the section „Duration of data management.”
Data management registry ID
Options for legal claims:
Legal claims by users can be made in front of court according to the Act. CXII of 2011 on Informational Self-Determination and Freedom of Information (“Privacy Act”) or based on the Civil Code of Hungary. Users can also turn to the President of the National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (Dr. Attila Péterfalvi, President of the National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, 1051 Budapest, location: 22 Nádor Street, postal address: 1387 Budapest, P.O. Box 40.)