Cookie settings
Few cookies are essential, some optional—never for tracking you.
Learn more
Strictly Necessary
Marketing & Analytics
Accept all
Save settings
Get in on the MMA action before this weekend!
Submit picks before this weekend!
Vettori vs Dolidze 2
Vettori vs Dolidze 2
Marvin Vettori
Make Picks
Roman Dolidze
View All
Events
Picks + Leagues
Fight Forum
MMA Townhall
Learn
Guides + More
Log In
Sign Up
Open App
Open main menu
Terms of Service
Last updated: November 17, 2021
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://www.verdictmma.com website and the Verdict MMA mobile application (together, or individually, the "Service") operated by Verdict MMA ("us", "we", or "our"). Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Verdict MMA and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Verdict MMA.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Verdict MMA. Verdict MMA has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites. You acknowledge and agree that Verdict MMA shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Verdict MMA and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation Of Liability
In no event shall Verdict MMA, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. Verdict MMA its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 60 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service, please
contact us
.
Verdict Terms of Service
VERDICT MMA
TERMS AND conditions
IMPORTANT! YOUR ACCESS TO AND/OR USE OF THE VERDICT MMA WEBSITE AND/OR THE VERDICT MMA MOBILE APPLICATION IS SUBJECT TO LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. CAREFULLY READ ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE PROCEEDING. ACCESSING THE VERDICT MMA WEBSITE AND/OR THE VERDICT MMA MOBILE APPLICATION BY CLICKING THE “
I ACCEPT
” BUTTON, BELOW, IS THE EQUIVALENT OF YOUR SIGNATURE AND INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THAT YOU INTEND TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE EXIT THIS APPLICATION AND DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
This Website and Mobile Application Legal Terms of Service (the “
Agreement
”) is an agreement between you (“
you
”) and
Verdict MMA, Inc.
(the “
Company
”) and governs your use of and participation in the Company’s fantasy sports tournaments (each, a “
Tournament
,” collectively, “
Tournaments
”) products, services, and promotions (collectively, the “
Services
”). Each of the terms
“we
,” “
us
” and “
our
” means the Company. The effective date of this Agreement is when you accept or are deemed to accept this Agreement in accordance with the procedure set out herein.
This Agreement will affect your legal rights, and we strongly recommend that you read the Agreement in its entirety and seek independent legal advice to address any questions you may have regarding the Agreement prior to clicking the "I Accept" button.
Applicability of Terms of Service
By clicking on the "I Accept" button, you represent and warrant to the Company that you fully understand and agree to comply with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that failure to abide by these terms and conditions may result in disqualification, account closure, forfeiture of funds and/or legal action against you by the Company. This Agreement incorporates by reference all guidelines and/or rules applicable to the Services, which are posted by the Company from time to time, as may be amended from time to time by the Company.
Intellectual Property Rights
You acknowledge and agree that any and all information, content, reports, data, databases, graphics, interfaces, web pages, text, files, software, product names, company names, trademarks, service-marks, logos and trade names including, but not limited to the name “VerdictMMA.com” (collectively the “
Content
”) including the manner in which the Content is presented or appears and all information relating thereto, are the property of their respective owners as indicated, the Company or, if applicable, its licensors, as the case may be. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term “Content” shall also include images, pictures, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, music, audio, text and the Tournaments. You agree that the Content is protected by copyright and trademark law, and the Company reserves all right in relation to the Content.
You agree that you will not:
distribute the Content for any purpose including without limitation compiling an internal database, redistributing or reproduction of the Content by the press or media or through any commercial network, cable or satellite system; or
create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, adapt, translate, transmit, arrange, modify, copy, bundle, sell, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, adapt, loan, rent, lease, assign, share, outsource, host, publish, make available to any person or otherwise use, either directly or indirectly, the Content in whole or in part, in any form or by any means whatsoever, be they physical, electronic or otherwise. You shall not permit, allow or do anything that would infringe or otherwise prejudice the proprietary rights of the Company or allow any third-party to access the Content.  The restrictions set out in this Agreement shall not apply to the limited extent the restrictions are prohibited by applicable law.
Permitted Use
The Company hereby grants to you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to access, read and download the Content solely for your use of the Verdict MMA Website and the Verdict MMA Mobile Application (each, a “
Distribution Channel
,” collectively, the “
Distribution Channels
”) as well as the Tournaments. You further agree that your use of any software through any Distribution Channel (the “
Software”
) is governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
License to Use your Information
With the exception of personal information which is governed by our Privacy Policy, you hereby grant to the Company the perpetual, unlimited, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable license to run, display, copy, reproduce, publish, bundle, distribute, market, create derivative works of, adapt, translate, transmit, arrange, modify, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, loan, rent, lease, assign, share, outsource, host, make available to any person or otherwise use, any information or other content you provide, directly or indirectly, through any Distribution Channel or which is sent to the Company by e-mail or other correspondence, including without limitation, any ideas, concepts, inventions, know-how, techniques or any liability contained therein, for any purpose whatsoever. The Company shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any such information unless specifically agreed by the Company in writing or required by law.  You represent and warrant that you have the right to grant the license set out above.
Personal Information and Privacy Policy
Subject to our Privacy Policy, the Company may from time to time, but is not obligated to, monitor your use of the Distribution Channels and collect, store, use and disclose to third parties_ _personal information about you and your use of the Services, and you hereby consent to such collection, storage, use and disclosure and waive any right of privacy you may have in respect thereof.
Subject to local laws, you consent to the use of your name, voice and likeness/photograph in and in connection with the development, production, distribution and/or exploitation of the Services. You agree and acknowledge that, in the event that you win a Tournament, from the date of our notifying you of your status as a potential winner, and until such time that we inform you that you no longer need to do so, you will make yourself available to us for publicity, advertising and promotion activities.
This Agreement incorporates by reference the terms of our Privacy Policy. You agree that in the event of a conflict between our Privacy Policy and this Agreement, this Agreement shall prevail. For more information on the Company’s use of registration data and certain other information we collect from you, please see our
Privacy Policy
.
No Warranties, Limitations on Liability and Disclaimers
YOUR ACCESS TO THE CONTENT, DOWNLOAD OF THE SOFTWARE AND PARTICIPATION IN THE CONTESTS IS AT YOUR SOLE OPTION, DISCRETION AND RISK.  THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR COMPUTER MALFUNCTIONS OR ATTEMPTS BY YOU TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONTESTS BY METHODS, MEANS OR WAYS NOT INTENDED BY THE COMPANY. THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS, THE CONTENT, THE CONTESTS AND THE SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS," WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES AS TO UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OPERATION, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, LEGALITY, SUITABILITY, PRIVACY, SECURITY, MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THOSE ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS, THE CONTESTS OR THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THEIR OPERATIONS WILL BE UNINTERUPPTED OR ERROR FREE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE USE, QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS, THE CONTESTS AND THE SOFTWARE LIES WITH YOU. IN NO CASE WILL THE COMPANY’S, ITS AFFILIATES’, AGENTS’, LICENSORS’, SUPPLIERS’, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS’, OFFICERS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ CUMULATIVE TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING UNDER ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION YOUR USE OF THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS, THE CONTESTS OR THE SOFTWARE, BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE) BE FOR MORE THAN THE AMOUNT, IF ANY, YOU PAID TO ACCESS OUR WEBSITE.
THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS, THE CONTESTS OR THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER THEY ARISE, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR IN TORT, EVEN IF THE COMPANY RECEIVED PRIOR NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. IN NO EVENT, SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY MALFUNCTIONS OF THE SOFTWARE, BUGS OR VIRUSES, RESULTING IN LOST DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE. FURTHER, THE COMPANY IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE REDUNDANT OR BACKUP NETWORKS AND/OR SYSTEMS.
THERE IS NO GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION AND TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS WILL BE MAINTAINED CONFIDENTIAL AND SECURE. THE USE OF THE DISTRIBUTIONS CHANNELS AND THE CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THE COMPANY ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY PERTAINING TO THE CONTENT, YOUR USE OF THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS OR THE RECEIPT, STORAGE, TRANSMISSION OR OTHER USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
THE COMPANY ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE THE CONTENT, WHICH MAY BE CHANGED WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. THE COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU MAY FIND UNDESIRABLE OR OBJECTIONABLE. THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR UNAUTHORIZED USE OR REPRODUCTION OF ANY PORTION OF THE DISTRIBUTION CHANNELS. ACCESSING THE CONTENT FROM TERRITORIES WHERE IT MAY BE ILLEGAL IS PROHIBITED.
The Distribution Channels contain links to third-party websites. The Company does not assume responsibility for the accuracy or appropriateness of the information, data, opinions, advice, or statements contained at such sites, and when you access such sites, you are doing so at your own risk. In providing links to the other sites, the Company is in no way acting as a publisher or disseminator of the material contained on those other sites and does not seek to monitor or control such sites. A link to another site should not be construed to mean that the Company is affiliated or associated with the same. The Company does not recommend or endorse any of the content, including without limitation any hyperlinks to or content found, within other distribution channels. The mention of another party or its product or service through the Distribution Channels should not be construed as an endorsement of that party or its products or services.
The Company will not be responsible for any damages you or any third-party may suffer as a result of the transmission, storage or receipt of confidential or proprietary information that you make or that you expressly or implicitly authorize the Company to make, or for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted, stored or received information.
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE CHANGED, FROM TIME TO TIME BY THE COMPANY ACTING IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. WE STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU REVIEW THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON A REGULAR BASIS TO STAY INFORMED OF SUCH CHANGES, IF ANY.
Termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated by the Company, with or without cause, in the Company’s sole and unfettered discretion. The Company may terminate this Agreement without notice to you if you fail to comply with any of its terms. Any such termination by the Company shall be in addition to and without prejudice to such rights and remedies as may be available to the Company under this Agreement, including injunction and other equitable remedies.
The disclaimers, limitations on liability, ownership, termination, interpretation, your license to the Company, your warranty and the indemnity provisions of this Agreement shall survive the termination or expiry of this Agreement.
Indemnity and Release of Claims
You agree at all times to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company, its directors, officers, shareholders and employees, including the Company’s agents, suppliers, affiliates and their respective directors, officers and employees, against all actions, proceedings, costs, claims, damages, demands, liabilities and expenses whatsoever (including legal and other fees and disbursements) sustained, incurred or paid by the Company directly or indirectly in respect of your use or misuse of the Content or the Distribution Channels in any manner whatsoever.
Further, we may, in our sole discretion, require you to execute a separate release of claims similar to the one in this Section 8 as a condition of being awarded any prize or receiving any payout.
We are not responsible for incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen Tournament entries. If for any reason a Tournament is not capable of running as originally planned, or if a Tournament, computer application, or website associated therewith becomes corrupted or prevents proper entry into a Tournament. Further, we reserve the right, at our sole, to disqualify any individual implicated in actions or occurrences that corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of a Tournament, such actions or occurrences may include, without limitation, the following: (a) infection by a computer virus or bug; (b) tampering; (c) fraud; or (d) technical failures. In the event of one or more of these occurrences, we also reserve the right to cancel, terminate, extend, modify or suspend the respective Tournament and select the winner(s) from eligible entries received.
Registration and Tournament Rules
To participate in any Tournaments, you will need to register for an account ("
Account
") by choosing a unique account name (“
Account Name
”) and entering other information such as your first and last name, address, email and telephone number. You agree to provide only true and current information, and you further agree to update this information as necessary to keep it true and current. Setting up an Account will enable you to access the Tournaments.
When you participate in a Real-Money Tournament and complete the entry process, the listed amount of US dollars will be debited from your Account. By inputting a payment method to participate in the Real-Money contests, you hereby affirm that you are the lawful owner of the payment method account used to make any deposit(s) through the Distribution Channels. Submitting payment using any payment method that you do not own shall be a violation of this Agreement.
The Tournaments offered through this Service are contests of skill, with the winners of each Tournament determined by the objective criteria described in the respective Tournament’s rules. Successful outcomes are determined by skill and knowledge of relevant sports information and fantasy sports rules
Each Tournament or promotion is governed by its own set of rules, which you will have an opportunity to read prior to entry. We encourage you to read the official rules of any Tournament in which you participate.
For each Tournament, the results and prize calculations are based on the final statistical results at the completion of the last sporting event that impacts such results, and prizes for each Tournament are awarded after the results for such Tournament are reviewed and graded. The scoring results of a Tournament will not be changed regardless of any official statistics or scoring adjustments made by the leagues at later times or dates, except in our sole discretion.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to (i) prohibit you from participating in head-to-head contests for any reason whatsoever, and (ii) invalidate any head-to-head contest result in order to prevent unfair or unlawful activity.
Prizes
Prizes associated with each Tournament will be awarded on the following day at the time designated in the Tournament rules, except in circumstances in which technical failure, inability of the Company to verify your compliance with this Agreement or other reasons prevent such timely payout. The prizes are listed in a prize table that is published prior to any participant’s entry. Prize winnings are added to the winning participants’ account balances, and in the event of a tie, winnings are divided evenly among the participants who are tied.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel or suspend any Tournaments (or any portion thereof) should virus, bugs, unauthorized human intervention, or other causes corrupt administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper operation of such Tournament.
All prizes are awarded "as is" and without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
Limited Use, Acknowledgment of Risk and Disclaimer of Warranties
The Tournaments are for entertainment only, and your participation in the Tournaments is solely for your own personal enjoyment and non-professional use. You agree to keep your Account information secret and confidential and to not allow anyone else to use it.  No purchase is necessary or required to participate in the Free-Play Tournaments, and you may Participate in Free-Play Tournaments without paying an entry fee. Any participation in the Tournaments is at your sole option, discretion and risk. By participating in the Tournaments, you acknowledge that you do not find them to be offensive, objectionable, unfair or indecent.  Any other entrance, access, or use of our Distribution Channels is strictly prohibited. You hereby acknowledge that there is a real risk that you will lose your money by participating in the Real-Money Tournaments and agree that the Company will not be responsible to you in any way for such loss.
The Services and all components thereof are provided “as is,” “as available” and “with all faults.” To the fullest extent permissible by law, we make no representation, warranties or endorsements, express or implied, regarding the Services, the Content or the Distribution Channels. We do not warrant that (a) the Distribution Channels, the functions thereof or the Content will be uninterrupted or error-free; (b) defects will be corrected; or (c) that the Distribution Channels or the servers hosting the Content are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant that your activities or use of the Services is lawful in any particular jurisdiction and specifically disclaim such warranties and we disclaim all express and implied warranties, including, without limitation, noninfringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and title. Further, we shall not be liable for your use of the Services.
Live Statistics and Scoring
All live statistics and other information which we provide through the Distribution Channels, as well as through third-party information sources, are unofficial. Live sports statistics are offered for informational and/or entertainment purposes only and are not used to determine the results of our Tournaments. Neither we, nor our third-party providers warrant or make any representations of any kind with respect to the information provided through the Distribution Channels and/or third-party information sources and we will, therefore, not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available through the Distribution Channels and/or third-party information sources. Further, we will not be responsible or liable for any error or omission made in the delivery of such information.
Eligibility
You may only participate in the Tournaments if it is legal for you to do so according to the laws that apply in the jurisdiction from where you are accessing the Services. You agree and acknowledge that the Company has no duty to provide you any legal advice or assurances with respect to the applicable laws governing your right to participate in the Tournaments and that it is your sole responsibility to ensure, at all times, that you comply with the laws that govern you and your rights to participate in the Tournaments. By participating in the Tournaments you represent and warrant to the Company that you are in compliance with applicable laws when participating in the Tournaments and have the legal right to participate in the Tournaments. Participation in the Tournaments is void for whomever and wherever prohibited by law. An account opened by any individual located in any jurisdiction in which the Services are prohibited by law is a breach of this Agreement, and the Company will close such account subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.
You may register only one account per person to participate in the Services. In the event we discover that you have opened more than one account per person, in addition to any other rights that we may have, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate any or all of your accounts and terminate, withhold or revoke the awarding of any prizes to you.
By inputting a payment method to participate in the Tournaments, you hereby affirm that you are the lawful owner of the payment method account used to make any deposit(s) through the Distribution Channels. It shall be a violation of this Agreement for you to submit payment using any payment method that is not owned by you. If any deposit is charged back, any winnings generated from the Tournaments shall be invalidated, forfeited and deducted from your Account balance. In addition, the amount of the initial deposit will be invalidated, forfeited and deducted from your Account balance. In the event of a deposit being charged back, we reserve the right to close your account without notice.
Each Real-Money has an entry fee listed in US dollars. When you select to participate in a Tournament and complete the entry process, the listed amount of US dollars will be debited from your Account.
To be eligible to enter any Tournament or receive any prize, you may be required to provide us with additional documentation and/or information to verify your identity as well as ensure fulfillment of all other eligibility requirements. In the event of a dispute as to your identity or eligibility, we may utilize certain information we’ve collected to assist in verifying your identity and/or eligibility.
Ineligible Persons
For the purposes of this Agreement, the term “
Unauthorized Person
” means (a) any officer, director, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or one of its affiliated or subsidiary companies, or a supplier or vendor to the Company, or (b) any relative living in the same household as any Unauthorized Person (an “
Immediate Family Member
”). Subject to the exception in the following paragraph, Unauthorized Persons are not permitted to register to participate directly or indirectly in any of the Tournaments. The Company will withhold any and all winnings to be paid to persons who are in breach of this provision.
Exception: Unless otherwise prohibited by local laws, Unauthorized Persons may be permitted to play in Tournaments which are not listed within the Distribution Channels and are hosted by other participating Unauthorized Persons.
Subject to the preceding exception, the following additional persons are also prohibited from participating in the Tournaments: (i) any employee or operator of any daily fantasy site including any that charges entrance fees or offers prizes, and any Immediate Family Member of any such person; (ii) any person who has (or has had) access to any pre-release, confidential information or other information that is not available to all other Tournament participants ("
Pre-Release Data
"); (iii) any employee of a sponsor, consultant or supplier of the Company or any other daily fantasy sports contest provider that has access to Pre-Release Data or otherwise receives an advantage in the entrant's participation in a Tournament; (iv) any employee, operator or consultant to a sports governing body where such employee, operator or consultant is prohibited from participating in applicable Tournaments by such governing body; (v) any person prohibited from participating pursuant to court order;  (vi) any person who has knowingly received Pre-Release Data or any other non-public information that provides an advantage in a Tournament from any person who is prohibited from entering a Tournament as provided in this Agreement; or (vii) any person who engages in improper conduct, as described in Section 14 of this Agreement.
Professional or amateur athletes, sports agents, coaches, team owners, team employees, referees or league officials, and their Immediate Family Members, are not eligible to participate in, and are strictly prohibited from entering, any Tournaments in the sport in which they are associated.
Improper Conduct
The Company, at its sole discretion, may disqualify any entrant from a Tournament, refuse to award benefits or prizes and require the return of any prizes, if the entrant engages in conduct or otherwise utilizes any information the Company deems to be improper, unfair or otherwise adverse to the operation of the Tournament or is in any way detrimental to other entrants. Such “
Improper Conduct
” may include, without limitation, the following: (i) falsifying personal information required to enter Tournaments and/or claim prizes; (ii) engaging in financial fraud (including unauthorized use of credit instruments); (iii) colluding with other participants; (iv) any violation of the Tournament Rules, Policies and Procedures or this Agreement; (v) using a single Account to participate in a Tournament on behalf of multiple entrants; (vi) using automated means  to interact with the Distribution Channels in any way; (vii) using automated means (including, but not limited to, harvesting bots, robots, parser, spiders or screen scrapers) to obtain, collect or access any information on the Distribution Channels or of any other participant for any purpose; (viii) any type of abuse of promotional offerings (bonus abuse, for example); or (ix) obtaining other participants’ information and spamming other Participants.
Forfeiture and/or return of any prize will not prevent us from pursuing criminal or civil proceedings in connection with Improper Conduct.
Free-Play and Real-Money Account Funding
If applicable, tokens, points, play money and/or any type of currency used to fund any Free-Play account will be kept separate from legal currency or money (authorized by law) and are not transferable or exchangeable within an Account.  Further, play money funds have no value in and of themselves and are not transferable or redeemable for any legal currency. To play the Real-Money Tournaments, you will be required to deposit legal currency into your Account by any of the methods specified through the Distribution Channels, which may change from time to time in the Company's sole discretion.  The Company will deposit such funds into your Account upon actual receipt of funds by the Company and/or its agents.  Minimum and maximum deposit limits and the method of deposit will be determined by the Company from time to time, acting in its sole discretion. The Company will pay, track and maintain all funds in United States Dollars, except as otherwise stated. The Company will not be required to pay you any interest on any funds deposited with the Company, its agents or affiliates.
Refund Policy
Deposits made through the Distribution Channels will appear on your statement as Verdict MMA. All payments are final. Subject to the terms set out in Section 20, you will have the option to cash out the full amount of your deposit, but no direct refunds will be issued. In the event of a dispute regarding the identity of the person submitting an entry, the entry will be deemed submitted by the person in whose name the account was registered.
Bonuses
You may only use complimentary or bonus amounts credited into your Account by the Company (if any) for promotional purposes for play in the Tournaments. You are not entitled to, and agree not to, withdraw such amounts without first complying with the additional terms and conditions set forth in each bonus offering, and if none, then the terms and conditions set forth on the Standard Promotional Offer Terms of Service are incorporated herein by reference.  Further, the Company reserves the right to reclaim any bonus amounts paid into your Account if you do not use them within the period of time specified.
Cancellations
We reserve the right to cancel any Tournament at any time. In the event of a cancellation, all entry fees will be refunded to your Account in accordance with this Agreement.
Cash-Outs
Your account balance ("
Account Balance
") is the amount of legal money deposited to your Account to access the Real-Money Tournaments, plus or minus any accrued winnings or losses from playing the Tournaments, less any amounts previously cashed out by you, and less any amounts forfeited by you or amounts reclaimed or withheld by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the rules associated with each deposit method, the exception set out in the following sentence and the exception set out in the following paragraph, you may request to cash out and withdraw any or all of your Account Balance at any time, and there is no requirement to play the Tournaments in order for you to make such request. You may not withdraw promotional deposits, credits or bonuses from your Account unless and until the terms of the relevant promotion have been met.
Upon receiving any request from you for withdrawal of funds, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to require you to complete and execute an affidavit of eligibility in which you are required to represent and warrant that you are: (i) eligible to participate in the Tournament(s) through which you won money, and  (ii) in full compliance with this Agreement. In doing so, we may also require you to provide documentation or proof of eligibility and compliance. If we make such a request and you fail to execute an affidavit within 10 business days of receiving such request, of if we otherwise determine that you do not meet the eligibility and/or compliance requirements, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your account and withhold or revoke the awarding of any prizes associated with such account. Accordingly, we may pay out any withheld or revoked prizes to the other entrants in the relevant Tournament in accordance with the Tournament rules. Pending our approval, money withdrawn from your account will be credited back to the same accounts of the credit card or method of payment used to deposit funds into the Account.
All amounts cashed out are subject to the transaction limits and processing fees as set forth at
https://verdictmma.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
,
_ _
as determined by the Company acting in its sole discretion.  Further, we may report and withhold any amount from winnings as required by law, and in any event, all federal, state, provincial and local taxes due in connection with any winnings awarded to you are your sole liability. Subject to the exception in the following sentence, in no event may Account Balances be transferred, substituted or redeemed for any other prize. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to substitute a prize of equal value or greater if the advertised prize is unavailable.
Payment of funds cashed out shall be made by check, wire, credit card and/or any other manner that we select in our sole discretion. Payments will be made as promptly as possible, subject to local laws as well as any reasonable security reviews by the Company.
Electronic Service Provider
In order to participate in Real Money Tournaments you will be required to financially transact with us, which entails depositing money with us and receiving money from us. The Company reserves the right to sub contract and use third-party payment processors and/or financial institutions ("
Electronic Service Provider
s" or "
ESPs
") to process such financial transactions. In furtherance of such processing, you hereby irrevocably authorize us, as necessary, to instruct such ESPs to handle account deposits and cash outs from your Account and you irrevocably agree that the Company may give such instructions to ESPs on your behalf.  You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use of each applicable ESP.  You agree that in the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the ESP's terms and conditions, this Agreement shall prevail
Security Checks and Review and Releases.
To maintain a high level of security, the Company reserves the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, verify your financial transactions and further document your consent to this Agreement. To facilitate these security checks, you agree to provide such identification or other information or documentation as the Company, in its sole and unfettered discretion, deems necessary.  If you fail to comply with any security request, the Company reserves the right to void your Account. You will be notified of such verification request by electronic mail or telephone, and Account Balances will be forfeited if you fail to provide the Company with such requested documentation and information within the time period reasonably specified by the Company. Such request for documentation and information may include a sworn affidavit of identity and eligibility, release of liability in favor of the Company and publicity authorization.
Abandonment of Account Balance
The Company reserves the right to cancel your Account for any reason whatsoever at any time without notice to you pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.  If you do not access your Account by logging in to your Account using your Account Name for a period of one hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days: (a) your Account may be closed and the entire Account Balance will be deemed abandoned and forfeited; and (b) the Company may close any account you may have with an ESP; provided however, such requirement for log-in and entry is not and does not constitute any requirement whatsoever for you to play any Tournament, deposit funds or participate in any activity through the Distribution Channels.
Forfeiture, Account Closure and Confiscation
The Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to void any winnings and confiscate any balance in your Account (and any ESP account or Company related or affiliated account including any such account you may have with other websites and casinos owned or operated by the Company) in any of the following circumstances:
if you have more than one active Account registered with us;
if the name on your Account registration does not match the name on the credit card(s) or other payment account(s) used to make purchases at or deposits with us;
if you participate in one of our promotions and withdraw from a promotion before fulfilling the requirements of such promotion;
if you provide incorrect or misleading registration information;
if you are not of legal age;
if you connect from a jurisdiction where participation in the Tournaments is prohibited by law;
if you have "charged back" or denied any of the purchases or deposits that you made to your Account;
if you are found cheating or attempting to cheat, or if it is determined by the Company that you have employed or made use of a system (including machines, computers, software or other automated systems) that enables cheating;
if you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;
if you commit a suspicious transaction pursuant Section 28; or
if the Company becomes aware that you have engaged with any other service, regardless of whether such service is provided by the Company, under any of the circumstances set out under this Section 24.
Disclosure to Third Parties
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account Name and of the details provided directly to you by the Company in order to enable password-less authentication (“
Login Details
”), and you accept responsibility for all activities, charges and damages that occur through your Account. You agree to keep your Account secret and confidential and to not allow anyone else to use it. If you intentionally or unintentionally, directly or indirectly, disclose your Account Name and Login Details to another person, and such disclosure results in a third party participating in the Tournaments using your Account Name and Login Details, you will not be refunded any resulting losses, regardless of whether such third party did or did not obtain your consent. If you have reason to believe that someone is using your account without your permission, you should contact us immediately. If we request registration information from you, you must provide us with accurate and complete information and must update the information when it changes. The Company shall not be required to maintain Account Names or Login Detailss if you misplace, forget, lose, or are otherwise unable to enter your Account for any reason other than the Company's fault.
Abusive or Offensive Language
Use of abusive or offensive language with other Tournament participants or with Company staff is not permitted.  Any violation of this policy may result in a suspension of playing privileges or such other action as may be required by the Company to ensure compliance. You hereby agree that you shall not post any unlawful, obscene, libelous, defamatory, threatening, or other materials that would violate any law or generally be considered offensive via the Distribution Channels or in any correspondence with the Company’s staff.  Abusive or offensive language includes, but is not limited to, any statements that are in the Company's sole opinion, obscene, profane, racist, in bad taste, slanderous or unnecessarily hostile.
Further, you agree that you shall not make any statements on or through the Distribution Channels which promote any website, service or product of any party except the Company. You shall not make any statements about the Company, the Services, the Distribution Channels or the Tournaments that are untrue or would reasonably be considered to be derogatory or critical.
Illicit Advertising
At no time will you or any individual or organization you are affiliated with advertise third-party products or websites to fellow users via the Distribution Channels without the express written permission or agreement of the Company.  The Company reserves the right to suspend or indefinitely terminate accounts of players who misuse the Distribution Channels to make statements that advertise any product, website or service that is not endorsed by the Company.
Disclosure of Fraudulent Activities & Recovery of Disputed Credit Card Transactions
If, in the Company's sole determination, you are found to have cheated or attempted to defraud the Tournaments, the Distribution Channels, other players or the Company in any way including but not limited to game manipulation or payment fraud, or if you make untrue and/or malicious comments with regard to the Company's operation in any media or forum, the Company reserves the right (and you authorize the Company) to publicize your actions together with your identity and e-mail address, as well as to circulate this information to other online gaming sites, banks, credit card companies, law enforcement departments and other appropriate agencies. The Company may close any accounts, and forfeit account balances, that you have on deposit with us. Further, in the event you dispute a credit card transaction made through a Distribution Channel as being unauthorized or made in a “card not present” environment, the Company may charge an administration and recovery fee of up to $USD 500.00 per disputed transaction if it is deemed by the Company that the transaction was authorized and legitimate. The Company may also engage the services of debt collection agencies to recover from you the amount of any disputed transactions or chargebacks, administration and recovery fees, and other associated credit card processing fees or fines.
Unauthorized Money Transfers
You agree that you will not participate in any Tournament or use the Services in any way for the purpose of transferring money to another participant. In the event you breach this Section, we may, acting in our sole discretion, terminate your Account without refunding any money that may be held in your Account at the time of such termination.
Anti-Money Laundering Policy
In order to comply with various jurisdictions’ anti-money laundering laws, we reserve the right to report suspicious transactions to federal, state, provincial or local authorities and law enforcement agencies within such jurisdictions. In exchange for our permitting you to participate in, use and access our Services, you hereby grant us the right to report any transactions which we deem suspicious, as determined solely by the Company acting in its sole discretion. Examples of a suspicious transaction include but are not limited to: use of funds suspected to be derived from illegal activities; any suspected intention to conceal or disguise funds derived from illegal activities; or suspicion that the involvement of our Services is in any manner intended to facilitate criminal activity.
If for any reason we are of the belief or become aware of any transaction which we deem suspicious in nature, we may without prior notice or explanation to you take the following actions, which are in addition to all other rights and remedies available to us under this Agreement, at law or in equity:
report such transaction to the applicable federal, state, provincial or local authorities and law enforcement agencies;
deactivate or close your Account forthwith;
withhold any funds held in your Account; and/or
restrict you from registering an account on or with our website or any of our affiliated websites.
Player Reserve
Customer deposits and player winnings upon completion of the Tournaments are held in a separate, segregated bank account. If you believe that funds held in bank accounts with Verdict MMA, Inc. have been misallocated, compromised or otherwise mishandled, you may register a complaint with Verdict MMA, Inc. by emailing <
support@verdictmma.com
> or in writing to <8 The Green Suite #11872
Dover, Delaware, 19901, United States>. We will use our best efforts to respond to such complaints within ten (10) business days. If we. determine that the relief requested in the complaint will not be granted, we will provide specific reasons therefore. If we require more information to process your complaint, we will inform you of the form and nature of the information needed.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERNING CREDIT CARD USE
The Company will charge your credit card using the descriptor "Verdict MMA" and a contact phone number, which will appear on your credit card statement.
All credit card transactions are charged in U.S. dollars.
To prevent credit card fraud, we may charge your card an amount less than the actual value of your deposit with us. In which case we will require you to confirm with us the amount actually charged to your credit card so that we can verify that you are the authorized owner of the charged credit card.  In order for us to complete our verification procedure, you will require access to your credit card statement and will need to confirm with us that you are the authorized owner of the charged credit card.  For example: if you submit a $100 deposit, we may actually charge the credit card $99.86, but deposit $100 to your Account. We will then ask you to confirm with us the amount that was actually charged to your credit card as shown on your credit statement, being $99.86.  If you fail to provide us with the correct amount charged to your credit card, then we may suspend your account until such time as we are satisfied that you are the authorized owner of the charged credit card.
Some credit card deposits may not be charged to your card immediately. As a fraud protection measure, in certain circumstances we will only pre-authorize a charge to your card and then the settle the transaction when we are satisfied that it is a legitimate charge.  Many banks also have processing delays, especially if a charge is submitted on a weekend.  It is not unusual for the credit charge to appear on your credit card statement up to 10 days from the date you charge your credit card to make a deposit into your Account.
You will receive a transaction receipt via email for every credit card deposit made through the Distribution Channels.  Please keep a copy of these transaction receipts for your records.
We use various billing companies and merchant accounts to process credit card transactions. Some of these companies are listed below for player reference.
PayPal
PaySafe
Skrill
None of the above merchants shall be responsible in any way if you are not satisfied with the Services.
Making a deposit into your Account will not obligate you to make a purchase or play any Tournaments. You may request a cash-out at any time by sending us an email to
<
support@verdictmma.com
>.
If possible, we will cancel the credit card transaction or directly refund the charged credit card, but in some cases, we may not be able to do this due to credit card processing regulations. If we cannot cancel a transaction or refund your deposit directly to your credit card depending on the region you are located in, subject to Section 39, we will refund you by depositing funds directly into a bank account selected by you, or via Nuvei (together, the “Alternative Refund Options”).  We may require additional verification from you if we cannot refund your deposit directly to your credit card.
If, and only if, the Alternative Refund Options are unavailable to us for any reason, we will make refunds in accordance with Section 38 using another available alternative method of payment, provided such other alternative method complies with all applicable laws and regulations.
Should you have any queries related to a credit card transaction through the Distribution Channels, please contact us.
If you fraudulently dispute a transaction with the Company, we will take action against you pursuant to Section  28,  and we will ascertain your whereabouts and commence legal action against you to recover all damages and costs (including our legal fees) incurred by us as result of your fraud.  Please be advised that it is unlawful to dispute valid credit transactions.
GENERAL CONTRACT PROVISIONS
Notices
If you have any dispute with regard to any outcome in the Tournaments or other activity on our website, you must submit your complaint to the Company in writing within fourteen (14) days of the incident in dispute by email to
<
support@verdictmma.com
>.
Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Delaware, without giving effect to conflicts of law principles. The parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Delaware for the settlement of any disputes arising out of or concerning this Agreement. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If any part of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.
Entire Agreement, Modification and Amendments
You fully understand and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained herein and as modified and/or amended from time to time. The Company reserves the right to modify and amend this Agreement at any time with or without notice. Such amendments will become effective immediately upon being posted through the Distribution Channels. It is your sole responsibility to review this Agreement and amendments hereto each time you engage our Services. The terms and conditions contained herein represent the complete and final agreement between you and the Company and supersede any and all prior agreements, representations or statements made by the Company.
Interpretation
The division of this Agreement into sections and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. In this Agreement, words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa, words importing gender include all genders; and words importing persons include individuals, sole proprietors, partnerships, corporations, trusts and unincorporated associations. All references to money amounts in this Agreement, unless otherwise specified, are in United States dollars.
Inurement
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, you and the Company (the “Parties”) and the Parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns. You acknowledge having read this Agreement before accepting it, having the authority to accept this Agreement and having received a copy of this Agreement.
PLEASE PRINT A COPY OF THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT FOR YOUR REFERENCE. IN ADDITION, WE SUGGEST THAT YOU PRINT AND STORE ALL TRANSACTION RECEIPTS AND GAME RULES AS APPLICABLE TO YOUR ACTIVITIES.
Copyright © 2022 VERDICT MMA, INC. All rights reserved.
VERDICT MMA, INC. can be contacted by email at <
support@verdictmma.com
>.
Verdict Tournaments UK Terms of Service
VERDICT MMA WEBSITE AND MOBILE APP TERMS AND CONDITIONS
UK CUSTOMERS
IMPORTANT! YOUR ACCESS TO AND/OR USE OF THE VERDICT MMA WEBSITE AND/OR THE VERDICT MMA MOBILE APPLICATION IS SUBJECT TO LEGALLY BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. CAREFULLY READ ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE PROCEEDING. ACCESSING THE VERDICT MMA WEBSITE AND/OR THE VERDICT MMA MOBILE APPLICATION BY CLICKING THE “
I ACCEPT
” BUTTON, BELOW, IS THE EQUIVALENT OF YOUR SIGNATURE AND INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THAT YOU INTEND TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PLEASE EXIT THIS APPLICATION AND DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
WHO WE ARE AND WHAT THIS AGREEMENT DOES
VERDICT MMA is owned and operated by Verdict MMA Inc (a company registered in the USA in the state of Delaware under registration number 5707294) whose registered address is at 8 The Green Suite Dover, Delaware 19901 United States and its subsidiary Verdict MMA Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales with company number 13615405) whose registered address is at 20-22 Wenlock Road, London, England N1 7GU.  Verdict MMA Inc and its subsidiary Verdict MMA Limited are licensed by the Gambling Commission to provide remote pool betting to residents of Great Britain and to manufacture gambling software under licence reference 58958
https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/public-register/business/detail/58958
All users of VERDICT MMA who are resident in Great Britain will contract with Verdict MMA Ltd and will participate in betting under the terms of this licence.
This Website and Mobile Application Terms of Service (the “
Agreement
”) is an agreement between you (“
you
”) and Verdict MMA Ltd (the “
Company
”) and governs your use of and participation in the Company’s fantasy sports tournaments (each, a “
Tournament
,” collectively, “
Tournaments
”) products, services, and promotions (collectively, the “
Services
”). Each of the terms
“we
,” “
us
” and “
our
” means the Company. The effective date of this Agreement is when you accept this Agreement by clicking the link to the Agreement and then clicking the “I accept” button.
This Agreement will affect your legal rights, and we strongly recommend that you read the Agreement in its entirety and seek independent legal advice to address any questions you may have regarding the Agreement prior to clicking the "I Accept" button.
By clicking on the "I Accept" button and using the Services in any way (including applying to register as an Account holder), you represent and warrant to the Company that you fully understand and agree to comply with all the terms and conditions of this Agreement and that failure to abide by these terms and conditions may result in disqualification from a Tournament, Account closure, forfeiture of funds and/or legal action against you by the Company.
This Agreement incorporates by reference all guidelines and/or rules applicable to the Services, which are posted by the Company from time to time, as may be amended from time to time by the Company to reflect changes in law or best practice or to deal with additional features at any time by posting an amended version of VERDICT MMA.
If this Agreement does change, the changes will be posted on the VERDICT MMA Website and/or Mobile Application and, where appropriate, notified to you by email OR when you next start using the Services. We will aim to give you at least 10 days’ notice of any significant change to the Agreement by sending you an e-mail with details of the change or notifying you of a change when you next start using the Services and you shall be required to provide your consent to the amended Agreement. If you do not consent to the substantially amended Agreement, you should close your Account and cease all use of the Services.
APP STORE terms may also apply.
The ways in which you can use VERDICT MMA may also be controlled by Apple Store’s rules and policies
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/
or Google Play Store’s rules and policies
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms/index.html
which will apply instead of these terms where there are differences between the two.
PERMITTED USE
By reading and accepting the terms of this Agreement, Verdict MMA grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive licence to access, read and download:
the VERDICT MMA mobile application (“
App
”) and the VERDICT MMA Website (“
Website
”) each a “
Distribution Channel
” and together the “
Distribution Channels
”; and
the Content we provide to you through the Distribution Channels as well as the Tournaments, all as permitted in this Agreement.
You further agree that your use of any software through any Distribution Channel (the “
Software
”) is governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
HOW TO CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT AND PARTICIPATE IN TOURNAMENTS
To participate in any Tournaments, you will need to register for an account ("
Account
") by choosing a unique account name and entering other information such as your date of birth, first and last name, address, email and/or telephone number. You agree to provide only true and current information, and you further agree to update this information as necessary to keep it true and current. Setting up an Account will enable you to access the Tournaments.
An individual applying to register for an Account warrants and represents that they are not under the age of eighteen (18) years.  Individuals aged under 18 years cannot register and cannot hold an Account. It is an offence to gamble whilst underage.  As part of the registration process, you will be asked to confirm that you agree to be bound by and comply with the VERDICT MMA Rules and affirm that you are over 18 years of age.
Before you are able to deposit funds into your Account, and/or access any Free-Play Tournaments, the Company is required to verify your name, age, date of birth and address. We may require you to submit scanned copies or photographs of your identity documents via a Distribution Channel including but not limited to:
Proof of identification
Birth certificate
Current photo card driving licence
Passport
ID card/ residency certificate
Address verification
Utility bill (dated in last 3 months)
Council tax bill (dated in last 3 months)
Bank statement (dated in last 3 months)
Affordability and anti-money laundering checks.
We reserve the right to carry out credit and affordability checks on all potential Account holders.  Where an account is flagged as having a high money laundering risk, we reserve the right to undertake extended due diligence (or source of wealth enquiries).  We may also request scanned copies of bank statements or other supporting documents to confirm that you are authorised to use any payment card that is linked to your Account. We will review any documents provided and if satisfied, we will activate your Account. If we are unable to fully identify you, we will reject your registration and promptly email you to request additional information and/or documentation to help us verify your identity.
We may also request additional information from time to time, in order to ensure that the information that we hold in relation to your identity remains accurate. Please see the
FAQ section on our Website for more information about identity verification
. An Account must be suspended until we have verified your age and identity.
You may only participate in the Tournaments if it is legal for you to do so according to the laws that apply in the jurisdiction from where you are accessing the Services. You agree and acknowledge that the Company has no duty to provide you any legal advice or assurances with respect to the applicable laws governing your right to participate in the Tournaments and that it is your sole responsibility to ensure, at all times, that you comply with the laws that govern you and your rights to participate in the Tournaments.
By participating in the Tournaments, you represent and warrant to the Company that you are in compliance with the laws that govern you when participating in the Tournaments and have the legal right to participate in the Tournaments. Participation in the Tournaments is void for whomever and wherever prohibited by law. An Account opened by any individual located in any jurisdiction in which the Services are prohibited by law is a breach of this Agreement, and the Company will close such Account subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.
HOW YOU MAY USE VERDICT MMA, INCLUDING HOW MANY DEVICES YOU MAY USE IT ON
In return for your agreeing to comply with this Agreement you may:
download a copy of the Distribution Channels onto your computer, mobile telephone and/or handheld devices and view, use and display the Distribution Channels on such devices for your personal purposes only; and
receive and use any free supplementary software code or update of the Distribution Channels incorporating “patches” and corrections of errors as we may provide to you.
REAL-MONEY AND FREE-PLAY TOURNAMENTS
To play in the Real-Money Tournaments, you will be required to deposit legal currency into your Account by any of the methods specified through the Distribution Channels, which may change from time to time in the Company's sole discretion.  The Company will deposit such funds into your Account upon actual receipt of funds by the Company and/or its agents.  The listed amount of entry fees to the Real-Money Tournaments are stated in the Distribution Channels in US Dollars and the fees will be converted from US Dollars into GB Pounds Sterling in accordance with clause 7.6 below, before being debited from your Account.
No purchase is necessary or required to participate in the Free-Play Tournaments, and you may Participate in Free-Play Tournaments without paying an entry fee.  If applicable, tokens, points, play money and/or any type of currency used to fund any Free-Play account will be kept separate from legal currency or money (authorised by law) and are not transferable or exchangeable within an Account.  Further, play money funds have no value in and of themselves and are not transferable or redeemable for any legal currency.
YOU MAY NOT TRANSFER VERDICT MMA TO SOMEONE ELSE
We are giving you personally the right to use the Services as set out above; you may not share details of or otherwise transfer the Services to someone else, whether for money, for anything else or for free. If you sell any device on which VERDICT MMA is installed, you must remove VERDICT MMA from it.
RULES OF TOURNAMENTS
The Tournaments offered through this Service are contests of skill, with the winners of each Tournament determined by the objective criteria described in the respective Tournament’s rules. Successful outcomes are determined by skill and knowledge of relevant sports information and rules.
Each Tournament or promotion is governed by its own set of rules, which you will have an opportunity to read prior to entry. We encourage you to read the official rules of any Tournament in which you participate.
For each Tournament, the results and prize calculations are based on the final statistical results at the completion of the last sporting event that impacts such results, and prizes for each Tournament are awarded after the results for such Tournament are reviewed and graded. The scoring results of a Tournament will not be changed regardless of any official statistics or scoring adjustments made by the athletic commissions at later times or dates, except in our sole discretion.
The registration fees and prizes for each Tournament will be displayed in US Dollars and the money taken from, or credited to, your Account will be the GB Pound Sterling equivalent to these sums taken at the then current exchange rate in accordance with clause 7.6 below.
We reserve the right to cancel any Tournament at any time. In the event of a cancellation, all entry fees will be refunded to your Account in accordance with this Agreement.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to (i) prohibit you from participating in head-to-head contests for any reason whatsoever, and (ii) invalidate any head-to-head contest result in order to prevent unfair or unlawful activity.
PRIZES
Prizes associated with each Tournament will be awarded on the following day at the time designated in the Tournament rules, except in circumstances in which technical failure, inability of the Company to verify your compliance with this Agreement or other reasons prevent such timely payout.  The prizes are listed in a prize table that is published prior to any participant’s entry. Prize winnings are added to the winning participants’ account balances, and in the event of a tie, winnings are divided evenly among the participants who are tied.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel or suspend any Tournaments (or any portion thereof) should virus, bugs, unauthorized human intervention, or other causes corrupt administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper operation of such Tournament.
All prizes are awarded "as is" and without warranty of any kind, express or implied.
LIMITED USE, ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RISK AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The Tournaments are for entertainment only, and your participation in the Tournaments is solely for your own personal enjoyment and non-professional use. You agree to keep your Account information secret and confidential and to not allow anyone else to use it.
No purchase is necessary or required to participate in the Free-Play Tournaments, and you may Participate in Free-Play Tournaments without paying an entry fee so long as the Company can verify your age as being 18 years or older.
Any participation in the Tournaments is at your sole option, discretion and risk. By participating in the Tournaments, you acknowledge that you do not find them to be offensive, objectionable, unfair or indecent.  Any other entrance, access, or use of our Distribution Channels is strictly prohibited.
You hereby acknowledge that there is a real risk that you will lose your money by participating in the Real-Money Tournaments and agree that the Company will not be responsible to you in any way for such loss.
The Services and all components thereof are provided “as is,” “as available” and “with all faults.” To the fullest extent permissible by law, we make no representation, warranties or endorsements, express or implied, regarding the Services, the Content or the Distribution Channels.  We do not warrant that (a) the Distribution Channels, the functions thereof or the Content will be uninterrupted or error-free; (b) defects will be corrected; or (c) that the Distribution Channels or the servers hosting the Content are free of viruses or other harmful components. We do not warrant that your activities or use of the Services is lawful in any particular jurisdiction and specifically disclaim such warranties and we disclaim all express and implied warranties, including, without limitation, noninfringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and title. Further, we shall not be liable for your use of the Services.
YOUR ACCOUNT DEPOSITS AND WITHDRAWALS
Once your identity has been verified, your Account will be opened and, in order to participate in Real Money Tournaments, you will be required to financially transact with us.  Minimum and maximum deposit limits and the method of deposit will be determined by the Company from time to time, acting in its sole discretion.  Within the Company’s limits, we allow you to set daily, weekly or monthly deposit limits which enable you to voluntarily restrict the amount of money that can be deposited into your Account in a given period of time. You may change your deposit limit at any time. Requests to reduce your deposit limit will be processed immediately, while requests to increase your deposit limit will be subject to a 24-hour ‘cooling off period’ before being processed and will require you to re-affirm that you still want to increase your limit at the end of this cooling off period. Whilst there is no maximum deposit limit that can be set, we encourage you to set a sensible limit that you are comfortable with.
The Company reserves the right to sub-contract and use third-party payment processors and/or financial institutions ("
Electronic Service Provider
s" or "
ESPs
") to process such financial transactions. In furtherance of such processing, you hereby irrevocably authorise us, as necessary, to instruct such ESPs to handle account deposits and cash outs from your Account and you irrevocably agree that the Company may give such instructions to ESPs on your behalf.  You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of use of each applicable ESP.  You agree that in the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the ESP's terms and conditions, this Agreement shall prevail.
You must be the rightful owner of the money used to make your deposits.
Each transaction carried out on VERDICT MMA is recorded. For further details see the banking section, accessed via “My Account” within VERDICT MMA.
If any monies are incorrectly credited to your Account by us whether through a palpable error, wrong odds, system malfunction, IT breakdown or communications error (an “
Incorrect Payment
”), then you are obliged to notify us immediately. We are entitled to reverse an Incorrect Payment or recover an Incorrect Payment from you if withdrawn by you or improperly used to participate in the Services. We reserve the right to cancel or reverse any winnings you may have to recover an Incorrect Payment. If you use the Incorrect Payment in whole or in part to participate in Services then any bets placed and winnings, if any, will be void.
All accounts are opened and deposits made in Pound Sterling only.  As soon as funds are paid into your Account, these funds will be immediately converted into US dollars at the then current exchange rate applied by Skrill our payment processor and all subsequent Tournament entry fees and prizes will be transacted and recorded in US dollars.  The money taken from, or credited to, your Account will be the GB Pound Sterling equivalent as converted at the exchange rate applied by Skrill our payment processor..
If you engage in any behaviour prohibited under this clause then we reserve the right to close your Account or to limit your participation in the Services.
Our Services are for your own personal use. Any commercial use of our Services by you is not permitted unless we give our written consent. Commercial use includes, but is not limited to, recreating all or part of our App or creating links to our Website from another website or advertising third-party products or websites via the Distribution Channels.
In the interest of fraud prevention, and except where we have approved an alternative method, we will only pay a withdrawal request to the same payment method used to make your deposit.
If you use a payment method where you are not the account holder then we may treat any deposit into your Account as being invalid, and any winnings arising from those deposits as void, pending the satisfactory completion of all relevant checks.
Due to administrative costs, the minimum amount you can deposit into or withdraw in any single transaction is £10.00, unless you are self-excluding from the Services or closing your account.
Please note that debit card transactions will appear on your billing statements as ‘Verdict MMA’.
Withdrawals from your Account will be processed immediately but monies may take up to 10 working days to be credited to your bank account, depending on the processing times of your bank or card holder.
Our regulatory obligations and procedures to prevent money laundering or terrorist financing require us to perform due diligence checks on customers whose gambling activity is flagged as having a higher risk of money laundering. You agree to comply with any due diligence request made by providing information requested promptly. Further information that may be required includes evidence of how your Account is funded (for example:  a copy of the payment card used to deposit, bank statements, proof of your earnings and assets). In the event that you are unable to provide this information, we reserve the right to suspend or close your Account in line with our procedures.
If your Account is used for depositing and withdrawing funds without participating in any Tournaments, then your Account may be suspended and the circumstances investigated. In these circumstances, if we have incurred bank charges or other administrative costs then these charges will be deducted from your balance prior to your account being closed. Please be aware that we may be legally required to report such activity as suspicious to the National Crime Agency.
If we suspect that you may have cheated or where there is suspicion around the integrity of behaviour then we may withhold payment of any winnings pending the outcome of our investigation into the matter.
FUNDING YOUR ACCOUNT.
Verdict MMA warrants and represents at all times that it will:
manage funds belonging to Account holders in a secure and appropriate manner;
manage data regarding an Account holder in accordance with Applicable Laws and our Privacy Policy.
Verdict MMA is required by its licence to inform the Account holder what happens to funds, which we hold on account for them, and the extent to which funds are protected in the event of insolvency. Details of which can be found on the Gambling Commission website. For more information, please follow this link:
https://www.gamblingcommission.gov.uk/public-and-players/guide/how-gambling-companies-protect-your-money
.
Customer Funds Protection.**  GB customer funds are kept in accounts separate from our business accounts.  Payments made by all GB customers will be processed by Skrill Limited (a company incorporated in England with company number 04260907, regulated by the FCA (FRN: 900001)) into a segregated customer funds wallet held by Verdict MMA with Skrill Limited.  **These funds are NOT PROTECTED in the event of the insolvency of Verdict MMA: Not protected segregation.
An Account does not accrue interest. The Account holder shall not treat VERDICT MMA as a bank.
An Account holder can only hold one Account at a time.  In the event that this rule is breached, we reserve the right to block and/or delete the superfluous Account(s) held by the Account holder in breach of this clause and reallocate the funds to the original Account.
Your account balance ("
Account Balance
") is the amount of legal money deposited to your Account to access the Real-Money Tournaments, plus or minus any accrued winnings or losses from playing the Tournaments, less any amounts previously cashed out by you, and less any amounts forfeited by you or amounts reclaimed or withheld by the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the rules associated with each deposit method, the exception set out in the following sentence and the exception set out in the following paragraph, you may request to cash out and withdraw any or all of your Account Balance at any time. You may not withdraw promotional deposits, credits or bonuses from your Account unless and until the terms of the relevant promotion have been met.
Upon receiving any request from you for withdrawal of funds, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to check your compliance with the terms of this Agreement and if we determine that you do not meet the compliance requirements, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to terminate your account and withhold or revoke the awarding of any prizes associated with such Account. Accordingly, we may pay out any withheld or revoked prizes to the other entrants in the relevant Tournament in accordance with the Tournament rules. If we determine that you have complied with the terms of this Agreement, any money in your Account will be credited back to the same method of payment used to deposit funds into the Account.
We may report and withhold any amount from winnings as required by law, and in any event, all local taxes due in connection with any winnings awarded to you are your sole liability. Subject to the exception in the following sentence, in no event may Account Balances be transferred, substituted or redeemed for any other prize.
LICENCE RESTRICTIONS
By applying to become an Account holder, you warrant and represent that:
you are a physical person (a legal entity will not be accepted as an Account holder) and will not use a Virtual Private Network to access the Distribution Channels;
you are responsible for compliance with all Applicable Laws when using the Services, because gambling on VERDICT MMA may not be legal in certain jurisdictions (“
Applicable Law
” means all applicable laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, decisions, orders and decrees imposed by law or any competent national or international governmental or quasi-governmental regulatory authority, including all advertising and gambling laws and regulations and data protection legislation);
you are a resident of the United Kingdom;
you are not an Unauthorised Person, where the term “
Unauthorised Person
” means (a) any officer, director, employee, consultant or agent of the Company or one of its affiliated or subsidiary companies, or a supplier or vendor to the Company, or (b) any relative living in the same household as any Unauthorised Person (an “
Immediate Family Member
”); and by participating in any Tournament you warrant that your participation will not put you in breach of any professional sports body’s rules of governance;.
You are not (i) an employee or operator of any daily fantasy site including any that charges entrance fees or offers prizes, and any Immediate Family Member of any such person; (ii) any person who has (or has had) access to any pre-release, confidential information or other information that is not available to all other Tournament participants ("
Pre-Release Data
"); (iii) any employee of a sponsor, consultant or supplier of the Company or any other daily fantasy sports contest provider that has access to Pre-Release Data or otherwise receives an advantage in the entrant's participation in a Tournament; (iv) any employee, operator or consultant to a sports governing body where such employee, operator or consultant is prohibited from participating in applicable Tournaments by such governing body; (v) any person prohibited from participating pursuant to a court order;  (vi) any person who has knowingly received Pre-Release Data or any other non-public information that provides an advantage in a Tournament from any person who is prohibited from entering a Tournament as provided in this Agreement;
you are not a professional player, official or participant in any sport, competition or league on which we offer betting;
you are not restricted by limited legal capacity;
you are not acting on behalf of another party, colluding or cheating;
you are not a compulsive problem gambler, and/or included (whether voluntarily or involuntarily) in any register or database of excluded players (such as GAMSTOP);
you will not deposit funds originating from criminal and/or other illegal activities and you will not conduct criminal activities whereby an Account is directly or indirectly involved;
you are solvent and will not deposit funds through a card which is not in the name of the Account holder and/or you will not use a card in a jurisdiction in which betting and/or gaming are prohibited;
you will not seek to open more than one Account;
you will maintain your Account details up-to-date in terms of the following: first and last name, address, country of residence, valid email address and phone number;
you will be solely liable to account to the relevant tax authorities in relation to any taxation which may apply to your betting activity on our App;
you will not infringe our Intellectual Property Rights under clause 15 or those of any third party in relation to your use of the Services;
you will not misuse the Services in any way, including without limitation by hacking, and will not do anything which hinders the performance of the Services or manipulates artificially the Services, odds, feedback and/or systems for whatever purpose;
you will not take any action to conceal or disguise the IP address of the device you are using to access the Services;
you will not infringe or attempt to infringe the privacy of another Account holder;
you will not upload or transmit any material that is defamatory, offensive or otherwise objectionable when using the Services;
you will not use the Services by automated means or otherwise (including, but not limited to, harvesting bots, robots, parser, spiders or screen scrapers) to obtain, collect or access any information on the Distribution Channels or of any other participant or for any purpose extracting or otherwise obtaining any material from the Services for use within a third-party website or application or attempt to decipher any transmission to or from the servers running the Services;
you will not make any statements on or through the Distribution Channels which promote any website, service or product of any party except the Company. You shall not make any statements about the Company, the Services, the Distribution Channels or the Tournaments that are untrue or would reasonably be considered to be derogatory or critical; and
if you download or stream VERDICT MMA onto any phone or other device not owned by you, you must have the owner’s permission to do so. You will be responsible for complying with these terms, whether or not you own the phone or other device.
If we identify you as a person described in any of clause 9.1, we reserve the right to close or suspend your Account, disqualify you from a Tournament, return your originally deposited funds and void any prize monies arising from such deposits.  Forfeiture and/or return of any prize will not prevent us from pursuing criminal or civil proceedings in connection with Improper Conduct.
If you apply for an Account, you warrant and represent that any information provided in your application is true and correct. If it is not, we will not register your account, or, if we only become aware of the false information later, we will block the relevant Account.
Any Account that is created using incorrect or misleading information shall not be entitled to any winnings. No winnings will be paid out to non-existent persons or incorrect accounts.
MANAGEMENT OF ACCOUNT
Verdict MMA reserves the right at its own discretion and at all times, to:
decline to open an Account and/or to close an existing Account at our sole discretion;
decline to accept deposits;
deal with Tournaments containing obvious price or terms errors;
cancel the Tournaments at any time even after the end of the event if these Tournaments are won by the Account holder as a result of a technical failure;
request documents to verify the Account holder’s identity, in accordance with clause 3.3;
hold and manage funds belonging to Account holders in accordance with generally accepted guidelines for cash management regarding such funds; this may include a financial institution and/or an ESP being entrusted to hold funds in the name of and/or for the benefit of Account holders, so long as customer Account funds are kept separate from general business funds;
suspend and/or cancel the Account holder’s use of the Services and/or withhold the return of funds available on an Account and/or refuse to honour a claim (in either case pending final determination of any issue, and following final determination in our favour), in the event that:
we are of the opinion that there are legitimate concerns that an Account is, has been, or may be used for illegal, fraudulent or dishonest practices;
the Account holder has breached the terms of this Agreement;
applicable funds have been incorrectly credited to the Account holder’s Account, credited in error, or are winnings from Tournaments using funds incorrectly credited or credited in error; or
we are required to do so by Applicable Law or to comply with the instructions of any Regulator;
multiple Accounts with different email addresses, and/or different names, etc. have been opened for one individual and/or using the same address, device, contact number, email address and/or Card details; and/or
the Account holder is found to have been cheating or the Account holder has employed or made use of a system (including machines, robots, computers, software or any other automated system) designed to defeat or capable of defeating VERDICT MMA and/or Software. You acknowledge that we will take measures to detect and prevent the use of such programs and AI Software using methods (including but not limited to reading the list of currently running programs on a player’s device) and the Account holder agrees not to use any AI Software and/or any such programs.
An Account is non-transferable. It is prohibited for players to sell, transfer or acquire accounts from or to other players. Funds cannot be transferred between accounts except in accordance with clause 7.5.
An Account holder shall not allow any other individual, including any minor, to use or reuse its Account, access and/or use any material or information from VERDICT MMA, accept any winnings, or access and/or participate in the Services.
INACTIVE ACCOUNTS AND ACCOUNT INACTIVITY FEE
An “Inactive Account” is an Account which has no record of any log-in and/or log-out for a period exceeding one hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days.
All Account holders whose Accounts remain inactive for one hundred and eighty (180) consecutive days will be notified of any balance remaining in their Accounts and will be advised to withdraw any remaining balance. An Account holder may reactivate their Account at any time by logging back to VERDICT MMA.
Verdict MMA will attempt to refund any balance remaining in Inactive Accounts that have remained inactive for three hundred and sixty-five (365) consecutive days. In such a case, we will first attempt to return the player’s funds to the latest payment method on record that was used for the Inactive Account. If this method of refund is not successful for any reason, we will attempt to contact the player using their last known e-mail on file, asking them to withdraw the balance.  If contact cannot be made with the player after this attempt and/or if the balance is not withdrawn, a fee of $5 per month will be charged to the Account until the balance is withdrawn or the balance is depleted.  Once the balance has been depleted to zero the Account will be closed.
CHARGE-BACK
You agree not to charge-back, reverse or otherwise cancel any deposits made into your Account.  If you charge-back any deposited funds, you will be in breach of this Agreement and you will be eliminated from any gambling to which the charge-back of entry fees relates. We may also close your Account and terminate our relationship if you persistently breach this condition. If you have any credit balance with us then you agree that we are entitled to deduct any associated costs e.g. bank charges from your balance.
SAFER GAMBLING – ACCOUNT SETTINGS AND SELF EXCLUSION
Gambling can be addictive. You acknowledge that there is a risk of losing money when using our Services. You accept that you are fully responsible for any loss you make when using our Services.
We recognise that for the minority of players gambling can become a problem. Our Distribution Channels contain advice on how to gamble responsibly and also how to recognise any signs that gambling might be becoming a problem for you. In addition, we make a number of gambling control tools available to you to help you manage your gambling with us in a safe manner. We strongly recommend that you read our advice on responsible gambling and familiarise yourself with our gambling control tools which are accessible via App under the “Safe Play and Responsible Gambling” section within your “Tournaments”      settings. You can access “Tournaments” settings at the top right on the settings page  when logged into VERDICT MMA.
We provide:
a link to the deposit limit functionality when you first deposit funds and also in the settings menu;
voluntary deposit limits set on a daily, weekly or monthly basis;
a voluntary cool-off tool that you can use to block access to VERDICT MMA for 24 hours, one week, one month or any such other period as you may request up to a maximum of 45 days;
a voluntary self-exclusion tool that allows you to self-exclude from gambling with VERDICT MMA for a minimum period of 6 months, up to a maximum of 5 years; and
links to other useful resources such as GAMCARE, a gambling help organisation and GAMSTOP where you can self-exclude from all licensed remote gambling operators.
During any cool-off or self-exclusion period with VERDICT MMA, you will be unable to log in, deposit funds or gamble with us. Upon self-excluding, with us or with GAMSTOP, we will repay any outstanding balance on your Account to you using the same method of payment as used to deposit funds in the first instance and will remove your details from our marketing database. If you would like to self-exclude, please go to the Safer Gambling section under My Account.
At the end of the self-exclusion period, if you would like to use VERDICT MMA again then you must contact customer services at
support@verdictmma.com
. Requests to reactivate an Account at the end of a self-exclusion period will be subject to a 24-hour waiting period before being processed. Your Account will reactivate automatically on the expiry of any cool-off period.
We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the self-exclusion procedure is adhered to and we shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that no promotional material is sent to Account holders who have excluded themselves from playing. However, the Account holder accepts that we are in no way responsible towards the Account holder or any third party if they continue to play with any added accounts, in which they have changed any registration details (including cases in which the Account holder opens an Account with the same details but inserted differently in the registration form).
We will use our reasonable endeavours to enforce our responsible gambling policies. However, we do not accept any responsibility or liability if you continue using our Services with the intention of deliberately circumventing our self-exclusion procedures or GAMSTOP or ignoring the measures in place or if we are unable to enforce those measures or policies for reasons that are outside of our reasonable control.
In addition to our own self-exclusion procedure, residents of Great Britain may also apply to self-exclude with GAMSTOP which is a free national online gambling self-exclusion service.  You can self-exclude using GAMSTOP using this
https://www.gamstop.co.uk/register
.  GAMSTOP self-exclusion may take a number of days to become active.  You must ensure that the registration details with us match the details you register with your GAMSTOP account.  Once your registration becomes active you will no longer be able to use our app for the period of self-exclusion you choose (6 months, 1 year or 5 years).  You will not be able to cancel your self-exclusion with GAMSTOP until your chosen minimum period has elapsed.
We have a responsibility to monitor your gambling activity and if we consider that you are exhibiting behaviour associated with problem gambling then we may be required to interact with you and in certain circumstances to intervene. An intervention may involve us sending you an email reminding you of our gambling control tools or we may call you directly to confirm that you are comfortable with your current gambling levels. If we have serious concerns then we may suspend your account or we may close your account and/or stop you betting with us if we have concerns that you are demonstrating behaviour associated with problem gambling.
You may also wish to contact:
GAMCARE who provide information, advice and counselling to individuals, their family and friends who have concerns about problem gambling. GAMCARE’s contact details are as follows: (i) website:
www.gamcare.org.uk
; (ii) email:
info@gamcare.org.uk
(iii) helpline: 0808 802 0133; and/or
Gamblers Anonymous which is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others to do the same through meetings. Contact details are available here.
CLOSURE OF AN ACCOUNT
An Account holder may close their Account at any time by contacting our customer support using the contact details provided in the “Contact us” section on the Distribution Channels, by email. Any funds in the Account will be remitted to the Account holder (subject to any express right to withhold such funds set out in this Agreement).
Should an existing Account be closed, any obligations already entered into will be honoured.
If we withdraw an Account holder’s right to use the Services, we will refund any surplus funds remaining in the relevant Account (subject to any express right to withhold such funds set out in this Agreement).
In case of Account closure, blocking or exclusion, the Account holder’s funds shall be returned automatically to the latest used payment method.  Account holders whose remaining balance held in a closed, blocked or excluded account was not refunded are advised to contact customer support.
In the case of closure of their Account due to problem gambling addiction or fraud, an individual must not open a new Account.  We reserve the right to close an account opened in breach of this rule at any point.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
You acknowledge and agree that any and all information, content, reports, data, databases, graphics, interfaces, web pages, text, files, software, product names, company names, trademarks, service-marks, logos and trade names including, but not limited to the name “VerdictMMA.co.uk” (collectively the “
Content
”) including the manner in which the Content is presented or appears and all information relating thereto, are the property of their respective owners as indicated, the Company or, if applicable, its licensors, as the case may be. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term “Content” shall also include images, pictures, graphics, photographs, animations, videos, music, audio, text and the Tournaments. You agree that the Content is protected by copyright and trademark law, and the Company reserves all right in relation to the Content.
You agree that you will not:
distribute the Content for any purpose including without limitation compiling an internal database, redistributing or reproduction of the Content by the press or media or through any commercial network, cable or satellite system; or
create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, adapt, translate, transmit, arrange, modify, copy, bundle, sell, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, adapt, loan, rent, lease, assign, share, outsource, host, publish, make available to any person or otherwise use, either directly or indirectly, the Content in whole or in part, in any form or by any means whatsoever, be they physical, electronic or otherwise. You shall not permit, allow or do anything that would infringe or otherwise prejudice the proprietary rights of the Company or allow any third-party to access the Content.  The restrictions set out in this Agreement shall not apply to the limited extent the restrictions are prohibited by applicable law.
PERSONAL INFORMATION AND PRIVACY POLICY
We only use any personal data we collect through your use of VERDICT MMA and the Services in the ways set out in our privacy policy
https://verdictmma.com/privacy
.
By using VERDICT MMA or any of the Services, you agree to us collecting and using technical information about the devices you use VERDICT MMA on and related software, hardware and peripherals to improve our products and to provide any Services to you.
Please be aware that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and that any message or information you send using VERDICT MMA or Service may be read or intercepted by others, even if there is a special notice that a particular transmission is encrypted.
Subject to our Privacy Policy, the Company may from time to time, but is not obligated to, monitor your use of the Distribution Channels and collect, store, use and disclose to third parties* personal information about you and your use of the Services, and you hereby consent to such collection, storage, use and disclosure and waive any right of privacy you may have in respect thereof.
Subject to local laws, you consent to the use of your name, voice and likeness (all as provided by you) in and in connection with the development, production, distribution and/or exploitation of the Services for the time period specified in our Privacy Policy. You agree and acknowledge that, in the event that you win a Tournament, from the date of our notifying you of your status as a potential winner, and until such time that we inform you that you no longer need to do so, you will make yourself available to us for publicity, advertising and promotion activities.
LICENCE TO USE YOUR ANONYMISED INFORMATION
With the exception of personal information which is governed by our Privacy Policy (see clause 16 above), you hereby grant to the Company the perpetual, unlimited, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable license to run, display, copy, reproduce, publish, bundle, distribute, market, create derivative works of, adapt, translate, transmit, arrange, modify, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, loan, rent, lease, assign, share, outsource, host, make available to any person or otherwise use, any anonymised information or other content you provide, directly or indirectly, through any Distribution Channel or which is sent to the Company by e-mail or other correspondence, and which will not be classified as ‘Personal data’ under the Data Protection Act 2018  including without limitation, any ideas, concepts, inventions, know-how, techniques or any liability contained therein, for any purpose whatsoever. The Company shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any such information unless specifically agreed by the Company in writing or required by law.  You represent and warrant that you have the right to grant the licence set out above.
LIVE STATISTICS AND SCORING
All live statistics and other information which we provide through the Distribution Channels, as well as through third-party information sources, are unofficial. Live sports statistics are offered for informational and/or entertainment purposes only and are not used to determine the results of our Tournaments. Neither we, nor our third-party providers warrant or make any representations of any kind with respect to the information provided through the Distribution Channels and/or third-party information sources and we will, therefore, not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available through the Distribution Channels and/or third-party information sources. Further, we will not be responsible or liable for any error or omission made in the delivery of such information.
OPERATING SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS
The App requires a device to have at least 512 MB of memory and to be running either IOS version 13+ or Android version 7.0. The Website can be run on either Chrome, Firefox, Safari and Microsoft Edge browsers. We support the last two major versions of the browsers listed.
SUPPORT FOR VERDICT MMA AND HOW TO TELL US ABOUT PROBLEMS
Support
. If you want to learn more about VERDICT MMA or the Service or have any problems using them, please take a look at our support resources at
https://verdictmma.com/frequently-asked-questions
.
Contacting us (including with complaints).
If you think VERDICT MMA or the Services are faulty or misdescribed or wish to contact us for any other reason please email our customer service team at
support@verdictmma.com
or through the in-built feedback section within the APP.
How we will communicate with you.  If we have to contact you we will do so by email or by SMS using the contact details you have provided to us.
UPDATE TO VERDICT MMA AND CHANGES TO THE SERVICE
From time to time we may automatically update VERDICT MMA and change the Service to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the operating system or address security issues.  Alternatively, we may ask you to update VERDICT MMA for these reasons.
If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using VERDICT MMA and the Services.
VERDICT MMA will always work with the current version of the operating system (as it may be updated from time to time) and match the description of it provided to you when you bought it.
WE MAY COLLECT LOCATION DATA (BUT YOU CAN TURN LOCATION SERVICES OFF)
Certain Services will make use of location data sent from your devices. You can turn off this functionality at any time by turning off the location services settings for VERDICT MMA on the device. If you use these Services, you consent to us and our affiliates’ and licensees’ transmission, collection, retention, maintenance, processing and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve location-based and road traffic-based products and services.
You may stop us collecting such data at any time by turning off the location services settings.
WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR OTHER WEBSITES YOU LINK TO
VERDICT MMA or any Service may contain links to other independent websites which are not provided by us. Such independent sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for and have not checked and approved their content or their privacy policies (if any).
You will need to make your own independent judgement about whether to use any such independent sites, including whether to buy any products or services offered by them, and when you access such sites, you are doing so at your own risk.
SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION:
Failure to comply with any of this Agreement, and/or the Privacy Policy constitutes a material breach of the agreement between us for the use of the Services and may result in us taking all or any of the following actions:
immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our Services;
immediate, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the Distribution Channels;
disqualification from the Distribution Channels and cancellation of your right to claim any winnings;
issue of a warning to you;
disclosure of information to law enforcement authorities or third-party complainants as we reasonably feel is necessary or required; or
disclosure of your identity to any third-party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our Distribution Channels constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, right to privacy or other legal rights.
The actions described in clause 24.1 are not limited, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate.
OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU
We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking these terms or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time you accepted these terms, both we and you knew it might happen.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
When we are liable for damage to your property. If defective digital content that we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
We are not liable for business losses. VERDICT MMA is for domestic and private use. If you use VERDICT MMA for any commercial, business or resale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
Limitations to VERDICT MMA and the Services. VERDICT MMA and the Services are provided for general information and entertainment purposes only. They do not offer advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of information obtained from VERDICT MMA or the Service. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information provided by VERDICT MMA and the Service, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that such information is accurate, complete or up to date.
Check that VERDICT MMA and the Services are suitable for you. VERDICT MMA and the Services have not been developed to meet your individual requirements. Please check that the facilities and functions of VERDICT MMA and the Services (as described on VERDICT FAQs) meet your requirements.
We are not responsible for events outside our control. If our provision of the Services or support for VERDICT MMA or the Services is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end your contract with us and receive a refund for any Services you have paid for but not received.
Nothing in these Terms shall affect your statutory rights (which include, for example, that we will provide our Services to a reasonable standard and within a reasonable time).
WE MAY TRANSFER THIS AGREEMENT TO SOMEONE ELSE
We may transfer our rights and obligations under this Agreement to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the Agreement.
NO RIGHTS FOR THIRD PARTIES
This agreement does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement.
IF A COURT FINDS PART OF THIS CONTRACT ILLEGAL, THE REST WILL CONTINUE IN FORCE
Each of the paragraphs of these terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
EVEN IF WE DELAY IN ENFORCING THIS CONTRACT, WE CAN STILL ENFORCE IT LATER
Even if we delay in enforcing this Agreement, we can still enforce them later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under this Agreement, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breach, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date.
COMPLAINTS AND DISPUTES
If you wish to raise any complaint with us about our Services, please email us at
support@verdictmma.com
. We will try to solve any disagreements quickly and efficiently.
If your complaint cannot be resolved to your satisfaction by our customer support team, you can ask for it to be escalated to a senior manager.
If following a review of your complaint by a senior manager you remain unsatisfied with the outcome then you can refer the complaint free of charge to the Independent Betting Adjudication Service (
IBAS
). IBAS will rule on complaints regarding betting and gaming transactions. Please note that IBAS does not handle complaints related to a breach of social responsibility standards or handle complaints regarding the standard of customer service you have received from us.
IBAS will provide a decision (referred to as a ruling) in respect of any complaint submitted to them within 90 days of the date it is submitted. As a registered operator, we are bound by any ruling made by IBAS up to a value of GBP£10,000. Above this threshold amount, we are entitled to demand that the dispute is heard by a court.
The contact details for IBAS are set out below. Please note that IBAS will need you to have already contacted our customer support team before they will look at your complaint.
Address: Independent Betting Adjudication Service, PO Box 62639, London, EC3P 3AS
Telephone: 020 7347 5883
Fax: 020 7347 5882
Email:
adjudication@ibas-uk.co.uk
https://www.ibas-uk.com/how-ibas-works/how-to-raise-a-dispute/
If you require any assistance in registering your dispute with IBAS then please contact us at
support@verdictmma.com
.
We cannot guarantee to deal with complaints that are raised with us in excess of 6 months after the date that the tournament was settled.
These Terms are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute or difference of any kind arising between us in connection with or arising out of these Terms shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Terms dated: 23 December 2022
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
At Verdict MMA, Inc., (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
” “
our
”), we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your Personal Information by complying with this policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”).
This Privacy Policy describes:
How we collect, use, disclose, and protect the Personal Information of our customers and users of our Services (“
you
”).
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use our services (the “
Services
”), which include our website
https://www.verdictmma.com
(our “
Site
”) and our Verdict MMA mobile application (the “
App
”).
By using our Services, or by creating or linking an account on our Services, you signify your consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services or submit any Personal Information to us.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Services after we make changes indicates that you accept and consent to those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you using prominent means such as by email notice sent to the email address specified in your account or by posting a notice through the Services. The date of the last change will be noted at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights
As a user of our Services, you have the following rights as they relate to Personal Information:
the right to know what Personal Information about you is collected.
the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained (subject to certain exceptions).
the right to know whether and to whom your Personal Information is sold and/or shared, and you have the right to opt out of having your Personal Information sold.
the right to not to be charged a different price or receive different services where exercising the other rights described above (subject to certain exceptions).
These rights are addressed further throughout the Privacy Policy
How We Collect Personal Information
When we talk about “
Personal Information
”, we mean any information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person.
When we collect Personal Information
We collect Personal Information when you voluntarily provide it through our Services, or when you provide it to us through other means. The categories of Personal Information we collect depends on how you use our Services. For example, we may collect Personal Information when you:
contact us through email, telephone, or other correspondence;
register for or request a service we provide or which we make available to you through our Services;
register or link an account on our Services;
upload content to our Services;
provide access to linked accounts, including Apple and Twitter; and
submit financial information.
We also collect information about you from other sources. We may obtain this information from sources such as:
our business partners;
third party service providers, including Apple, Twitter and Google analytics;
third party payment processors; and
publicly available sources.
What Personal Information we collect from you
The Personal Information we collect from you may include:
your full name;
contact information, such as your address, email address, or telephone number;
your date of birth;
your username on the Services;
your username from third party accounts which you have linked to our Services (each such account, a “
Linked-Account
”);
your account profile picture;
your Linked-Account profile picture;
other information obtained from your Linked-Account;
your payment and banking information;
your location; and
any other Personal Information that you choose to submit to us or post to the Services.
When you interact with us or other users of the Services we collect certain information. This information may include:
information about how, when, and where you use our Services;
error logging, event recording and user experience data;
your picks, scorecards, and ranking on our Services;
who you follow and your followers on our Services; and
the settings you use on our Services.
Information we collect through technological means
When you use our Services, we may collect information that is automatically sent to us by your computer and/or mobile device which runs our Site or App. This information may include your IP address. We may also collect other information, such as data about your usage of our Services. Additionally, we may also collect other technical and system log information from you, such as:
the type of device you’re using;
your operating system and version information;
the type of browser you’re using, and your browser settings;
mobile network information;
content you view on our Services;
your unique device identifier;
your system activity;
the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Site, including date and time;
software debug and crash information; and
which app store you used to access our App.
We use this information to improve our understanding of how users use our Services, and to improve our Services. The amount of information that is sent to us by technological means depends on your device and settings you use. Please refer to the instructions provided by your device if you want to learn more about what information it sends to Services you use, or how you may change or restrict this.
Our use of cookies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies (collectively “
Cookies
”) to provide and personalize the Services, analyze use, and prevent fraud. Cookies allow us and our partners to store your preferences and track your activities within the Services.
We use Cookies for a number of different reasons:
to improve functionality and performance of our Services, including tailoring our Services to increase relevancy of content displayed to you;
to provide you with the Services;
to facilitate your transactions on the Services;
to authenticate users of our Services;
to provide us with insights on how users use our Services and other analytics, such as traffic on our Services; and
to remember your settings and preferences.
We obtain your consent to our Cookies by providing you with transparent information in our Privacy Policy and providing you with the opportunity to make your choice. You have the right to object to the use of Cookies. Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most devices, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Please be aware that if you disable or remove these Cookies some parts of our Services will not work and that when you revisit our Services your ability to limit cookies is subject to your device settings and limitations. You can also find out more information about managing, disabling, and deleting cookies at
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
How We Use and Disclose Information Collected from You
Our use of Personal Information
The information we collect from you may be used by us for the purposes for which it was collected, as provided in this Privacy Policy, or for other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent. We may use and disclose information collected from you as follows:
to deliver our Services to you;
to register your account on the Services;
to verify and authenticate your account information;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to send you informational or administrative communications;
to communicate with you and to enable other users to communicate with you;
to respond to your inquiries and provide you with customer support;
to increase the security and safety of our Services and users;
to notify you about changes or updates to the Services;
to send you marketing and advertising communications, in accordance with your choices and communications preferences;
to share your username and profile picture with the public, including by displaying it on our Services;
to serve you relevant advertisements and content;
to collect and disburse payments;
to perform analytics on our Services;
for any other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent; and
for any purpose required by law.
Our disclosure of Personal Information
Generally, we do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent. However, in order to provide you with the Services, we may need to transfer your Personal Information to our subsidiaries, parent companies, employees, contractors, consultants, government agencies and regulators, and other parties who require such information to assist us with managing and administering our relationship with you, including:
third parties that provide services to us or on our behalf;
third parties that assist us in the provision of Services to you; and
third parties whose services we use to conduct our business.
Additionally, in order to provide you with the Services, we may need to transfer your Personal Information to third party technology companies for the purposes of processing and storing your Personal Information. Our business necessitates using: (a) cloud storage and hosting providers; (b) email services providers; and (c) payment processors. We consider these services, platforms, and applications to be integral to our delivery of the Services to you.
Under certain circumstances, we may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information to a third party in the event that we merge with or are acquired by a third party, or as part of the negotiations leading up to such merger or acquisition. We also may disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose permitted by law or to which you consent.
We may disclose your Personal Information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
To protect and defend the rights or property of Verdict MMA, Inc.;
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with our products or services;
To protect the personal safety of our customers or the public;
To comply with our legal obligations;  or
To protect against legal liability.
We do not sell our users’ Personal Information to third parties.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Analytics Services
We use Firebase Google Analytics, which is a mobile app analytics service offered by Google. We also use Mixpanel, which is a product analytics service offered by Mixpanel, Inc. We use Firebase Google Analytics and Mixpanel to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services on the App through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of the App, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. More information about Google Analytics for Firebase can be found
here
. More information about Mixpanel can be found
here
.
We use all options that Google Analytics and Mixpanel provide for maximising your privacy including instructing them to anonymise your IP address, transmitting data by an SSL connection only, and manually stripping out any personally identifiable information before transmitting to Google Analytics and Mixpanel.
If you do not consent to having your activity on our Services made available to Google Analytics or Mixpanel, please do not use our Services or submit any Personal Information to us.
How We Protect Personal Information
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We are committed to ensuring your Personal Information is protected and will use industry-standard security measures, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, to do so. Personal Information may only be accessed by persons within our organization who require such access to provide you with the services indicated above. All personal information is stored in a password secured database inside a Virtual Private Cloud (VPC).
While we endeavour to keep your Personal Information safe, our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information is not without risks. For example, our security safeguards may be compromised by viruses, hacking attempts, or physical break-ins. Consequently, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information. If your Personal Information was wrongfully accessed, there is a risk that you may suffer a harm, such as identity or credit card theft or financial loss.
Please be careful whenever sending Personal Information to us via email. Email is generally not a secure means of transferring information. We therefore cannot guarantee that this information will not be lost or used in a fraudulent manner and we encourage the use of email encryption or other encrypted services to communicate with us.
Please also be careful to keep your email password secure. In order to help keep your email password secure, we encourage you to never give out your email password, and to enable multi-factor authentication.
Processing and Transfer of Information
We may need to transfer your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as to our service providers, for processing. This processing supports our business. For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to our cloud hosting provider for storage and retention purposes. We ensure that these recipients of your Personal Information are contractually obligated to keep your Personal Information confidential, to use it only for the purposes for which we transfer it to them, and to process the Personal Information with standards at least as stringent as those set out in this policy.
Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we do business or our service providers do business. We may transfer your Personal Information to countries other than your own country, including to the United States. These countries may have data protection rules that are different from your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. Officials (such as law enforcement or security authorities) in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information. By using any of our Services, or by sending us any Personal Information, you consent to such transfers.
We will endeavour to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Information will take place to a third party organization unless such organization is obligated to maintain adequate security safeguards over your Personal Information.
Third Party Collection of Information
The Services may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, services, social networks, or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow the third party to collect or share data about you. If you follow a link to a third-party website or engage a third-party plugin, please note that these third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. We do not control these third-party websites, and we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Personal Information of Children
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Access and Rectification
You have a right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your Personal Information and to have it amended, as appropriate. You also have a right to request access to your Personal Information and receive an accounting of how that information has been used and disclosed, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. For example, if the requested information would reveal Personal Information about another individual, your request for access may be limited or denied.
To request access or to amend your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal information we collected about you;
the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request); and
if we disclose your personal information for business purposes, the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtains.
Withdrawal of Consent
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information at any time, subject to legal and/or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Your withdrawal of consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information may impact our ability to provide you with products and services and may impact your ability to use the Services. To withdraw consent, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by utilizing the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails you receive from us.
Deleting Personal Information
You may contact us at any time to request that we delete your Personal Information, including any account information you have submitted to us, as set out in this agreement. Once we receive and confirm your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law;
comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
comply with a legal obligation; or
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to requests within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the handling of your Personal Information, if you wish to withdraw your consent to our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, or to request access to or update any of your Personal Information we have on file, please contact our Privacy Officer at
sthakur@verdictmma.com
or contact us by filling out this form:
https://verdictmma.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
Representation for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we have appointed Prighter as our privacy representative and your point of contact. Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative, Prighter, or make use of your data subject rights, please visit:
https://prighter.com/q/14803516735
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://verdictmma.com/privacy:
Cookie settings
Few cookies are essential, some optional—never for tracking you.
Learn more
Strictly Necessary
Marketing & Analytics
Accept all
Save settings
Get in on the MMA action before this weekend!
Submit picks before this weekend!
Vettori vs Dolidze 2
Vettori vs Dolidze 2
Marvin Vettori
Make Picks
Roman Dolidze
View All
Events
Picks + Leagues
Fight Forum
MMA Townhall
Learn
Guides + More
Log In
Sign Up
Open App
Open main menu
Privacy Policy
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data and username. Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection. The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application. Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Access to third party services' accounts, Analytics and Social features. The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services' accounts
This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Access to the Twitter account (Twitter, Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Twitter social network, provided by Twitter, Inc. Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing is the US and this is Twitter's
Privacy Policy
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
TestFlight
TestFlight is an analytics service provided by Apple Inc. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US with
Privacy Policy
Social Feature: Public profile (This Application)
Users may have public profiles that other Users can display. In addition to the Personal Data provided, this profile may contain Users' interactions with this Application. Personal Data collected: username.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.