Privacy Policy
Last update 02.01.2025
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to your use of the Hosco website (www.hosco.com) (or "Platform") and any related services, applications, or tools provided by Hospitality Connection Barcelona S.L. ("Hosco," "we," "our," or "us").
Hosco is the world’s leading hospitality network. We use technology to connect the world’s best talent with the world’s best hospitality brands and schools. ("Services")
When you use or access these Services, we will collect, use, transfer and retain certain information about you. This Privacy policy is intended to help you understand how and why we do this, and your rights in this respect.
All sites, services, applications and tools covered by this Privacy Policy are also referred to herein as "the Services". We ask that you read this Privacy Policy and that you consent to our collection, use, transfer, and retention of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
The following Privacy Policy discloses how we process the information we collect when you use the Hosco website and how you can manage it.
If you use our Services, you consent to the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data under this Privacy Policy.
1. DATA CONTROLLER AND REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DATA CONTROLLER IN UE.
1.1. In respect to data collected under the Hosco Services, your data controller in the European Union territory is Hospitality Connection Barcelona S.L., Carrer del Comte de Salvatierra, 5, 08006, Barcelona, Spain, with identification number N.I.F. B-67128876.
Hosco is represented around the world by the following companies:
Switzerland
Hospitality Connection SA
Rue des Caroubiers 21, 1227 Carouge GE, Switzerland
1.2. Your data controller is the company that is primarily responsible for the handling of your personal data that we collect.
1.3. If a school hires our services, Hosco shall be considered the data processor. Nevertheless, once the user accepts the Hosco Privacy Policy he becomes a user of the Hosco Services and Hosco will then become a data controller of such data.
2. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
2.1. We process the information and personal data you voluntarily provide to Hosco. The additional information you may provide by using the website, our Services and in general in the development of your relationship with Hosco, is also processed by us.
2.2. The data that we collect and that we may share with your school in the event that the school is also the data controller is the following:
name, education, experience, member management, email, phone, skype account, nationality, current location, birthdate, graduation date, last experience title, last experience department, status (active or not), creation and registration date, last update, approval date and last login, profile completion, and Tags.
2.3. When you register on the Platform (manually, via your Linkedin or Facebook accounts or via a request to our team): including but not limited to, we collect your name, your school or company, your city and country, your email and a password always according to your own social media’s privacy settings.
2.4. When you complete or edit your profile (manually or via social media synchronizations) with further information about yourself or your organization, this information may also include documents or files that you upload to your profile, such as your resume, diploma, cover letters or endorsement letters for candidates, and, for companies and hotel schools, items such as news, articles, videos, pictures and social media feeds. Providing further information about yourself beyond what is expressly required is on a voluntary basis. Should you decide not to share certain information while using our Services, this may affect some of the Services provided by the Platform, and your experience as a user may be restricted.
2.5. When you use certain Platform applications, interact with third-party applications, click on ads, respond to questionnaires, participate in contests, register for promotions, or open emails, according to your Privacy setting account on Hosco Platform.
2.6. Credit card information you may provide when you make online orders on the Site is processed through a third-party credit card service company which uses encryption to protect your credit card information. Hosco does not store such information.
2.7. We may also collect non-personal information on a strictly voluntary basis. We may use such non-personal information to improve the Site, customize your experience on the Platform and share this information with third parties, but only in aggregate with non-identifiable information provided.
3. USES OF DATA BY HOSCO
3.1. Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, Hosco does not sell, rent, share or otherwise provide your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.
3.2. It is important that you bear in mind that your profile in the Hosco Plattform is public, this means that if you sign up third parties can identify you. If you do not agree with this aspect, please, don’t register on Hosco.
3.3. We use the information you provide to:
a. Manage the use of the Hosco Platform and Services, allowing Users to (i) read news and contents related with Hospitality activities, (ii) contact and establish connections with other Users of the Platform and (iii) generate or exchange information between Users, schools and companies. These are the fundamental purposes of our Services, so if you do not agree with this use of your data by Hosco do not activate your account.
b. In connection with fundamental purposes described above we will also process your data for the following purposes:
Give you access to the functions, applications and services of the Platform.
Enable you to communicate with other Users and with Hosco.
Communicate with you.
Customize the service provided to you and other Users.
Send non-promotional information required to enable your access and use of the Services.
Analysis and processing of information obtained from satisfaction surveys, or from your interaction with Hosco, as result of your own specific activity, in order to provide the Services in the most efficient manner.
Manage items such as questionnaires, contests and promotions.
Provide Users and third parties with relevant anonymous statistics on the Platform and its Users.
Fulfill legal and any other necessary requirements.
Investigate, respond to, and resolve complaints and Service Issues.
For security, fraud prevention and investigations
Promote our Services and product by sending commercial communications.
c. Additional purposes of processing: in addition to the fundamental purposes described above, by accepting this privacy policy you expressly authorize Hosco to process your data for the following additional purposes:
c.1 Sending promotional communications about products of a similar nature to the Services.
Legislation on Information Society Services enables Hosco to send you promotional information of this nature. You can opt-out from this kind of promotional communication, at any time, by sending an email message to our Data Protection Coordinator, at the contact details provided in the Privacy Policy.
3.5. You have the right, at any time, to withdraw your consent for Hosco to collect and process your information and may do so by changing your Account Settings. The processing of some information is needed for the purposes of the site, and therefore you may only withdraw consent for this by deactivating your account. However, you acknowledge that such withdrawal will not be retroactive and Users who have had access to your information may have retained a copy of your profile or other content in their own files. Hosco cannot be held liable for the retention or future use of such information by third parties.
3.6. Be aware that your Notification Settings allow you to enable or disable indexation of your User profile by search engines (such as Google, Yahoo, Bing or others). While Hosco will process your request immediately, de-indexation is not automatic and it may take a few months for the search engine to eliminate the site from its results.
4. LEGITIMATION FOR THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA.
4.1. Hosco has a legitimate interest to process your personal data for the fundamental purposes described above, since such processing is necessary to deliver the Services to you, and to comply with our own obligations with you as result of your participation in the Hosco Platform.
4.2. As per the additional purposes of processing related to promotional activities and promotional profiling, Hosco is entitled by law or by the express consent you provide in connection with such purposes.
4.3. You can revoke your consent at any time, by addressing the corresponding revocation request to our Data Protection Coordinator, to the postal or electronic addresses provided in this Privacy Policy. Please note that by revoking your consent you will be disabling the future processing of data, however, this will not be applied retroactively to data processing which has already been carried out by Hosco.
4.4. In case you revoke your consent, your revocation will not affect the legality of the data processing performed by Hosco to its revocation.
5. THIRD PARTIES AND CROSS BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
5.1. Hosco transfers of your personal data to other users according to your privacy setting, and to the Schools or other companies which have access to Hoscos’s platform and which might be interested in your profile. Some of the processing is necessary to comply with the fundamental purposes in connection with the Services, so if you do not agree with such transfers, please do not activate your Hosco account. In any case, you will be able to set up your own privacy settings, according to the options offered at any time by Hosco’s platform and services.
5.2. Hosco may work with third-party companies and provide them with your personal information so that they may perform certain functions and services on its behalf, for example, to process credit card payments and to provide customer service and marketing assistance. These third-party companies are bound to maintain the strictest confidentiality of your information and are only authorized to process your personal data following Hosco’s instructions.
5.3. Hosco may, at any time hire national and international contractors for the sole purpose of managing the Platform. It will always enter into agreements with these individuals or entities that guarantee the safety and confidentiality of personal data, and according to current data protection regulations. In the event that contractors whose servers are located outside of the European Union have to process any personal data, they shall comply with the provisions established by the data protection regulations.
5.4. Hosco hires email marketing services from third-party providers who may be located outside the EU. Hosco will only hire providers who guarantee their compliance with GDPR standards.
These platforms allow Hosco to collect information from its campaigns, that is, to track the openings of the emails and the clicks on contents or links included in the emails. This information is collected in order to prepare statistical reports on the behaviour of the recipients, to optimize the best date and hour to send the email campaign.
5.5. Third-party websites may have links posted on Hosco, but they are not subject to this Privacy Policy and you , therefore, review the privacy policy of each website in order to determine how they process User information.
5.6. If your school hires our Hosco community services, we will keep the school informed and with all the updated information, we have indicated in section 2.2. of this Privacy Policy.
5.7. For more information about safeguards applied to international data transfers please contact the Data Protection Coordinator at: privacy@hosco.com
6. RETENTION
Hosco will store all users’ information while the relationship with Hosco is maintained and after the termination of said relationship for any reason, during the statutory limitation periods that are applicable. Once the statutory limitation periods have expired, your data will be deleted or alternatively anonymized.
7. YOUR CONTROL OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
7.1. You may edit the personal information submitted at any time directly in your profile.
7.2. You may control, at any time, what type of information is visible and accessible to other Users through your Account Settings and you agree and acknowledge that certain basic information about you and each User of the Site will be included, visible and accessible to any Users in the respective public profiles on the Site.
7.3. You may control, at any time, what kind of communication and notification is sent to you through your Account Settings.
7.4. Hosco has defined default visibility and notification settings and Users are encouraged to adjust and review them when registering to the Site in accordance with their preferences, as well as on a regular basis when using the Site.
7.5. You can close your account by simply clicking on "Deactivate Account" in your Account Settings. Your personal information will then be removed from the visible section of the Site and Hosco will delete your account accordingly, except for the information and content generated or submitted by you, which may be kept for legal or business purposes. Certain information and content generated or submitted by you may be kept for legal or business purposes or simply to ensure the continued service, functions and applications of the Site for other Users. Hosco disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention of information.
8. RIGHTS OF THE USER
8.1. You may exercise the following rights at any time:
Right to request access to your personal data.
Right to request rectification or deletion.
Right to request the limitation of the processing.
Right to oppose the processing.
8.2. You must send a letter via email to the Data Protection Coordinator at privacy@hosco.com, or to the postal address provided in the section "How to Contact Us" of this Privacy Policy, indicating the specific right that you wish to exercise, and attaching a copy of your ID or equivalent identification document. Should you wish to send an email, please include "Privacy Rights" as the subject of the email.
8.3. You may withdraw consent, at any time, without affecting the legality of the processing based on your consent.
8.4. Likewise, the user may lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Supervisory Authority, at any time, in the event that his rights are not properly addressed:
Spanish data protection agency.
C / Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 - Madrid
https://www.agpd.es
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
https://www.bk.admin.ch/themen/dschutz/index.html?lang=en
9. COMMERCIAL COMMUNICATIONS
9.1. Following your registration on the Site, and during your use of the Site, you may receive emails from Hosco on services and product updates and with the sole purpose we have indicated in section 3 of this Privacy Policy.
9.2. We will include an email address and an unsubscribe link in each commercial communication so that you are able to unsubscribe from this type of communications.
10. COOKIES
Hosco may make use of cookies to track site usage and trends and generally to improve the quality of the Site. You can remove or block cookies in your browser settings. For more information you can click on
Cookies Policy
11. IP ADRESSES
When Users use the Site, we collect standard information such as their IP addresses and use such data in an anonymous and collective manner to analyse trends and more generally to improve the quality of the Site.
12. CHILDREN AND UNDER AGED
Children are strictly not eligible to use the Site and Services. We request that minors (under the age of 16) do not submit any personal information to us.
13. BUSINESS TRANSITIONS
In the event that Hosco goes through a merger or acquisition (including partially) by another company, User information will be part of the assets transferred and the newly formed/buying company will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information provided, informing to the User and complying in any case with the General Data Protection Regulation.
14. SECURITY
Access to your Hosco account and information is protected by a username and password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of this login information and for controlling access to your account.
The personal information you provide is stored on restricted servers and being applicable state of the art security measures according to international standards. However, please be aware that the Internet is not a fully secure environment and there is no guarantee that information may not be viewed, disclosed, altered, destroyed or used for any improper purposes in breach of our safeguards or by causes beyond our control. In order to minimize this risk, we recommend that you change your password on a regular basis.
15. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Hosco may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We consequently encourage you to check the Site periodically for any changes or updates. In any case, we will contact you to communicate any modifications which substantially affect the contents of this Privacy Policy.
16. HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site in general, please contact us by email at info@hosco.com or by postal mail at:
Hospitality Connection Barcelona S.L.
Carrer del Comte de Salvatierra, 5, Entresuelo, Puerta 1
08006, Barcelona, Spain
Home
Privacy Policy