Brain Challenge – Privacy Policy
App-Pocket takes the privacy of our customers and users seriously. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, and the security of your information in relation to our mobile services. By using our services, you consent to this privacy policy.
Quick Summary
Brain Challenge:
uses the ‘Flurry SDK’ to collect crash logs and usage statistics to improve our service.
stores all brain training related data
on device
. It’s your data 🙂
does not have access to personal data.
does not share your personal data with third parties.
Flurry SDK
‘Brain Challenge’ uses the
‘Flurry’
SDK for iOS to collect anonymous crash logs and usage statistics to improve our service.
Use of Flurry SDK is subject to Flurry’s Terms of Service which is available on Flurry’s website.
Who is requesting Flurry data?
Data is requested by the ‘Brain Challenge’ App running on the users personal iOS or Mac Device (iPad, iPhone or Mac).
The request is made directly with Flurry Servers using the Flurry API.
What data is stored?
We store anonymous user events and crash logs to improve our service. We are not able to identify the user.
Who has access to usage data?
App-Pocket is able to view usage data and crash logs. No data is shared with third parties.
Other Data
Information we collect
We do
NOT
collect Personal Data and other information from you.
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with App-Pocket through the Services, we receive and store certain information which does not identify you personally (referred to as personally non-identifiable information in the USA and non-personal data in the European Union). Such information is collected passively using various technologies. This includes:
i. Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services, including: Internet and/or network connection; your Media Access Control (MAC); any device Unique Device Identifier (UDID) or equivalent; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier details), if applicable; or other technical details. This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe identifies any individual;
ii. Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; and your geographical location data.
App-Pocket may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by App-Pocket’s affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information on an anonymised and generalised basis to track, for example, the total number of users of our Services, the number of visitors to each page of our Site and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by App-Pocket (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that App-Pocket endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Trademarks
Google Analytics™ is owned by Google, Inc.
Flurry™ is owned by Yahoo, Inc.
App Store® is owned by Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.