Products
o
- Apps Productivity
- Apps Images & Graphics
- Apps Video & Audio
- Apps Messaging
- Apps Education
- Apps Games
- Apps Utilities
- Apps Programming
- Our Android apps
- Android Utilities
- Our IOS apps
- iPhone & iPad Graphics
- iPhone & iPad Utilities
- Our Chrome extensions
- Web Extensions Images & Graphics
- Web Extensions Video & Audio
- Quick Links
- Documentation
- Free pictures
- Free graphics
- Free videos
Templates
o
- Create documents with ChatGPT
- Create images with ChatGPT
- Word templates
- Word Resume templates
- 2023 Monthly Word Calendar templates
- 2024 Monthly Word Calendar templates
- Excel templates
- Powerpoint templates
- Image templates
- Test any Chrome extensions
PDF Tools
o
- Edit PDF files
- Merge PDF files
- Split PDF files
- Rotate PDF files
- Add page numbers to PDF
- Delete PDF pages
- Convert PDF to Word
- Convert PDF to Excel
- Add watermark to PDF
GoSearch
Amazon
Temu
| Login
Search...
Lang
English
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Dutch
French
German
Hindi
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Filipino
Hebrew
Indonesian
Ukrainian
Vietnamese
Thai
Turkish
Persian
Malay
Bengali
Skip to content
Free editor online |
DOC →
|
XLS →
|
PPT →
Mobile Apps Policy
Mobile Apps Policy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPS
This privacy policy governs your use of our Mobile Applications.
WHAT INFORMATION DO OUR APPLICATIONS OBTAIN AND HOW IS IT USED?
- USER PROVIDED INFORMATION
Our applications do not obtain this information when you download it. We do not require your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information. None of this information is required.
- COLLECTED INFORMATION AND DATA USAGE
Our applications do not collect any personal information. However, taking into account that we do provide file editors, users can upload some content:
Files - Users are permitted to upload files in order to edit them.
Images - Users are permitted to upload image and pictures (supported file types include JPG and PNG) in order to include them in the documents or files that they do create or modify.
- DO OUR APPLICATIONS COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?
Our applications do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
- APPSTORE PRIVACY SETTINGS
We use BrightSDK. BrightSDK does not collect any personal information, except for the user’s IP address. Bright Data knows that a certain IP *exists* but not who owns it, or any other information.
In return for some of the premium features of OffiDocs, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA: https://bright-sdk.com/eula. You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking in the app settings.
You will get ads free version without any message in exchange for safely using some of your device’s resources, and only in a manner that will not substantially affect the device's operation. You may turn this off from the settings menu. Please see Policy and TOS and the SDK Privacy Policy at https://bright-sdk.com/privacy-policy for further information.
- ADVERTISING
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in our applications which helps us keep the cost of the applications low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the applications, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. None of this information is collected by the functionality of the applications. It is collected by the advertisers. We are going to use Facebook, Admob and Mopub.
- DATA RETENTION POLICY, MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
OffiDocs mobile applications uses a remote storage created in our OffiDocs servers for each document and user. This remote storage is temporal and unique per each document. It is used in order to edit the documents online. The documents are automatically removed once the apps have finished the online edition.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
CONTACT US
Last updated: 24 August 2023
Next >
Run
Chrome
Extensions
Productivity
Social
1
Crono in Chrome with OffiDocs
Crono is a productivity app that allows you to s...
Download Chrome extension
2
Todobook in Chrome with OffiDocs
Turn the Facebook News Feed into a todo list so ...
Download Chrome extension
3
Social media blocker in Chrome with OffiDocs
This extension will help you to improve producti...
Download Chrome extension
4
Bookma in Chrome with OffiDocs
Bookma is a chrome extension that basically beau...
Download Chrome extension
5
feedUrly in Chrome with OffiDocs
FeedUrly is a productivity tool to save and cate...
Download Chrome extension
6
My Canned Responses in Chrome with OffiDocs
# My Canned Responses Less typing, less wasted t...
Download Chrome extension
7
Eight Mouse Gestures in Chrome with OffiDocs
Eight Mouse Gestures will increase your producti...
Download Chrome extension
More »
1
WikiCamp Tracker in Chrome with OffiDocs
WikiCamp is a social network for sharing your jo...
Download Chrome extension
2
Sovrn //Commerce in Chrome with OffiDocs
Find a product. Share a link. Earn money. Sovrn ...
Download Chrome extension
3
Nudgeti Website Blocker Alternative in Chrome with OffiDocs
Nudgeti gives you a nudge when you spend too muc...
Download Chrome extension
4
Ecowiser in Chrome with OffiDocs
The Ecowiser chrome extension helps you discover...
Download Chrome extension
5
BandNames in Chrome with OffiDocs
We all use the same usernames everywhere, and th...
Download Chrome extension
6
Honkai Impact 3rd Wallpaper HD Tab Theme in Chrome with OffiDocs
It is available on Chrome Web Store, Install thi...
Download Chrome extension
7
Missing Friends in Chrome with OffiDocs
This extension was created to raise awareness fo...
Download Chrome extension
More »
Ad
Powered By T3 Framework