Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Prayer Now collects, uses, and shares your information when you use our Services. Prayer Now receives your information through our Smart App. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at approcks.company.social@gmail.com
Privacy Policy: Last modified: May 15, 2022
The Data We Collect and The Reason For It
All Main App features can be used anonymously without user registration except for some features like Muslim Quran Community which allows users to share Islamic activities inside the App.
Prayer Times Calculation
In order to facilitate for our users to determine their location, we determine user location by GPS only once to be able to calculate prayer times. This location is never saved in our databases. Also, users can search for their city in our offline Database Manually.
Islamic Quran Community ( Khtama & Doaa)
Users are allowed to Login with Facebook, we store the following data like ( Name, Country, Gender ). Users can participate in the community Quran Khatma Competitions, finally, each user can track his progress in the competition. Same data are used for users to create/share Doaa Content inside the app. This feature to be used, users must be logged In.
Analytics
Third-Party Services like Firebase Analytics is used in Prayer Now without any user data identifications to allow our team to improve App performance and monitor any technical issues.
Ads Monetization
Prayer Now uses Ad Networks like ( Google Admob, Facebook Audience Network, Applovin, Mopub .. ) for monetization that may show a daily advertisement on your device, and these ads will be of interest using Global Advertising ID. This ad monetization is the only way for Prayer Now to continue with free updates and development, Also we provide another way for users to stop ads service and buy the Full Premium Version.
How to request Delete Data
As described for Features that require login with Facebook like ( Khatma and Doaa Communities ), Users may request to delete their personal login data by sending a request to approcks.company@gmail.com, with their Profile ID.
Soon, Users will be able to request Delete from the App itself.
Our Policy Towards Children
Our Services are directed to every Muslim even those under 13. We provide this service to males, females, parents, and children. We are reminding all Muslims of prayer time.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be on this page. If we make a change to this policy we will update this page. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.
Download App Now
Download The Most Powerful Comprehensive Islamic App
With More Than 15 Million Downloads Worldwide!