Noigroup.com (Neuro Orthopaedic Institute Australasia / NOI) respects your right to privacy and we understand the inherent privacy risks involved in using the Internet. For this reason, we believe that you, our customer, have the right to know exactly how we collect and use information at our web pages.
What we collect
We can collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address or most-recently-visited URL. However, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, such as by filling out a form or survey, registering your email address with us or emailing us. We may also collect personal information from you at other points on our site that state that personal information is being collected.
How we use it
Noigroup.com uses your information to return communication, better understand your needs and provide you with better service. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction, to communicate back to you and to update you on services and benefits.
We use information collected when users make online purchases, to check their qualifications, verify their identity, as well as for billing and shipping purposes.
Noigroup.com uses email as an avenue by which to provide customer service and technical support. We do not release any contact information about the user for any purpose. We may contact the customer using this information in an attempt to resolve a prior issue, proactively notify you of technical issues which may affect you, or if applicable, perform the services for which such data was collected (eg. if you sign up for an email newsletter, we will send the email newsletter to the address you provide us).
Who we share it with
Noigroup.com will not sell, rent, or lease your personally identifiable information to any third parties. For example we do not sell your email addresses or your name and personal demographic information to mass marketers. However, we might share your personally identifiable information with noigroup.com business partners who are acting on our behalf, such as course hosts.
Security
Noigroup.com is committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Secure Socket Layer
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) enables a web browser and a web server to communicate securely, and it allows the web browser to authenticate the web server. The SSL protocol requires the web server to have a digital certificate installed on it in order for an SSL connection to be made.
Information sent from forms on the noigroup.com website will be transferred using SSL. In your browser window look for a closed padlock icon. These icons show that the information you are submitting will be transferred in an encrypted form using SSL. Addresses on noigroup.com pages communicating via SSL will begin with “https://” rather than the more familiar “http://”.
For more information on the noigroup.com privacy policy please email noi@noigroup.com, or use our contact page, which is (of course) protected by SSL.
Neuro Orthopaedic Institute & Noigroup Publications
19 North Street, Adelaide City West, South Australia 5000 AUSTRALIA
Phone +61 (0)8 8211 6388 | Fax +61 (0)8 8211 8909 | Email noi@noigroup.com
© 2019 Neuro Orthopaedic Institute Australasia Pty Ltd | All rights reserved