Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Renjith N provides several software applications on the iOS App Store that include
TimePitch
,
Music Remixer
,
Video Voice Editor
,
Talking Pets
,
Video2Picture
,
Photo Warper
,
RevVideo
,
Dimension - 8D Music Player
for download and use. It is my policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while using one of these Applications.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or my use of your personally identifiable information, please contact me at magpiemobileapps@gmail.com
Gathering Non-Identifiable or Aggregated Data
When using any Application created by me, I may receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information, for example device operating system version, device type, and crash logs. Such information, which is gathered using various technologies such as third-party analytics tools, cannot be used to specifically identify a user. I only collect such information to better understand users of its Applications and how to better serve them. For example, I have integrated Firebase SDK (Google Analytics). Based on Analytics data, I can improve the app based on your usage and the issues you encountered.
Disclosure of Personally-Identifying Information
I do not rent or sell any of your personally-identifying information it collects to anyone. I will only disclose personally-identifying information when required to do so by law or to protect the safety of users of its Applications or the public, or to protect against legal liability.
Integrating Third Party Services
An Application created by me may offer the ability to share content created with an Application to online third party services, such as social networking services ("Third Party Services"). An Application may ask you to provide your username and password for the relevant Third Party Services. By providing this information you are allowing an Application to pass your log-in information to a service to share content created with an Application. When you enable a Third Party Service account in an Application, it will collect your login information and other relevant information necessary to enable an Application to access that Third Party Service and your data contained within that Third Party Service. Please remember that the manner in which Third Party Services use, store, and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such third parties, and I shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Third Party Service that may be enabled within an Application.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Privacy Policy Changes
Renjith N may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and at his sole discretion. If you still have concerns about privacy issues after reading this Privacy Policy, please contact me at magpiemobileapps@gmail.com. This Privacy Policy is effective as of Sep 21, 2018. I encourage users to check this web page for any changes to its Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of any Application created by me will constitute acceptance of such change.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it