Privacy policy
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection
        is of a particularly high priority for us. The use
        of our Apps and Internet pages is possible without input of any
        personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services
        via our website/apps, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing
        of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing,
        we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address or e-mail address of
        a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation
        (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations
        applicable to us. By means of this data protection declaration, our
        enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose
        of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are
        informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which
        they are entitled.
As the controller, we have implemented numerous technical and organizational
        measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through
        our website/apps. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have
        security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason,
        every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means,
        e.g. via e-mail.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of us is based on the terms used by
        the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation
        (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for
        the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure
        this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable
                natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can
                be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier
                such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier
                or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic,
                mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal
                data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)    Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal
                data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as
                collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration,
                retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise
                making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)    Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim
                of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting
                of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to
                a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that
                natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences,
                interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)     Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the
                personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without
                the use of additional information, provided that such additional information
                is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to
                ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable
                natural person.
g)    Controller responsible for the processing
Controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal
                person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with
                others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data;
                where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member
                State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be
                provided for by Union or Member State law.
h)    Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
                which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body,
                to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However,
                public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular
                inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as
                recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be
                in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes
                of the processing.
j)      Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other
                than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct
                authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal
                data.
k)    Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous
                indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or
                by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal
                data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other
        data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other
        provisions related to data protection is:
Markus Liebschner
Tal 15
01796 Struppen
GERMANY
Phone: +491791413736
Email: info@markenapps.com
Website: www.markenapps.com
3. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the controller is:
Markus Liebschner
Tal 15
01796 Struppen
GERMANY
Phone: +491791413736
Email: info@markenapps.com
Website: www.markenapps.com
Any data subject may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer directly
        with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
4. Collection of general data and information
Our website/apps are collecting a series of general data and information
        when a data subject or automated system calls up the website/apps. This general data
        and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser
        types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system,
        (3) the website/apps from which an accessing system reaches our website/apps (so-called
        referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet
        site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service
        provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information
        that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, wo do not draw any
        conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1)
        deliver the content of our website/apps correctly, (2) optimize the content of our
        website/apps as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our
        information technology systems and website/apps technology, and (4) provide law enforcement
        authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of
        a cyber-attack. Therefore, we analyzes anonymously collected data
        and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection
        and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection
        for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are
        stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
5. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject
        only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as
        this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations
        to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by
        the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal
        data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
6. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data
                concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail
                himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any
                employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored
                at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives
                and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been
                    or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international
                    organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored,
                    or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure
                    of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning
                    the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available
                    information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to
                    in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful
                    information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged
                    consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to
                whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international
                organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right
                to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she
                may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate
                personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the
                processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal
                data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may,
                at any time, contact any employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her
                without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal
                data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long
                as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which
                    they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according
                    to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the
                    GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the
                    GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or
                    the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the
                    GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union
                    or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information
                    society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request
                the erasure of personal data we store, he or she may, at any time, contact us. 
                We shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to
                Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of
                available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps,
                including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal
                data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any
                links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing
                is not required. We will arrange the necessary measures
                in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following
                applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period
                    enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal
                    data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing,
                    but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or
                    defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the
                    GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller
                    override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to
                request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by us,
                he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. 
                We will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to
                receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller,
                in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall
                have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance
                from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as
                the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of
                the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant
                to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out
                by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance
                of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official
                authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article
                20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data
                transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible
                and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any
                time contact us.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time,
                to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point
                (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based
                on these provisions.
We shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the
                objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing
                which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for
                the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If we processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the
                data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal
                data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to
                the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her
                particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him
                or her by us for scientific or historical research purposes, or
                for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing
                is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public
                interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact us. 
                In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the
                use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC,
                to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not
                to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including
                profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly
                significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary
                for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject
                and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law
                to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures
                to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests,
                or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a
                contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based
                on the data subject's explicit consent, we shall implement suitable
                measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate
                interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the
                controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual
                decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact us.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to
                withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any
                time.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he
                or she may, at any time, contact us.
7. Data Processing by Offerista
In some countries, it is possible to access local offers and brochures from various providers (e.g., supermarkets, discount stores, drugstores).
            Based on the approximate location, an attempt is made to determine a nearby postal code, which can also be adjusted.
            This postal code is used to select suitable offers.
The use of the "Offers" feature and providing a postal code is optional.
Processed Data:
• IP address
• Actions performed
• Approximate location data (generally blurred to postal code level)
• User ID / Session ID (randomly generated, changes each time the app is opened)
• Other metadata of the request (date and time, browser type, ...)
For more information on data processing, please refer to
Offerista's Privacy Statements
.
8. Data Processing by Google Cloud / Google App Engine
Our server-side services and our website are hosted on Google App Engine, a cloud computing service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google App Engine enables us to provide our application efficiently and in a scalable manner, ensuring optimal performance and availability.
When you use our app or visit our website, your personal data (such as your IP address) will be processed on Google's servers.
Processed Data:
The services hosted on the Google App Engine process data such as user requests, application data, and other relevant information to ensure the functionality and performance of our app.
• Changes to current list entries (for shared lists)
• Changes to the most recently checked-off entries (for shared lists)
• The language and country in which the list is maintained (for shared lists)
• All app data without personal reference (when using the backup function)
• The current Firebase Messaging Token of your device (for shared lists for which "Notifications" are enabled)
• IP address
• User’s internet service provider
• Date and time of retrieval
• Browser type
• Language and browser version
• Content of the request
• Time zone
• Access status/HTTP status code
• Data volume
• Websites/Apps from which the request originates
• Operating system.
Purpose of Processing:
The data is processed to provide, maintain, and improve our services, including troubleshooting, performance optimization, and ensuring a smooth user experience.
Data Sharing:
Data processed on the Google App Engine may be transferred to and stored in the USA. Google is recognized as a data processing partner by the EU and has implemented appropriate data protection measures,
            such as
Standard Contractual Clauses
, to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
9. Use of Google Cloud Storage
We use the “Google Cloud Storage” service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”), to securely store data from our application. This service enables us to store data in a scalable, secure, and highly available infrastructure.
Processed Data:
Depending on the use of our application, personal data (e.g., user data, log files, backup files) may be stored in Google Cloud Storage.
            The type and scope of the stored data depend on the information you provide while using our services
            or the technical data generated during usage.
• Current list entries (for shared lists)
• Most recently checked-off entries (for shared lists)
• The language and country in which the list is maintained (for shared lists)
• The current Firebase Messaging Token of your device (for shared lists for which "Notifications" are enabled)
• All app data without personal reference (when using the backup function)
• Images (if you add images to entries, for example)
Purpose of Processing:
Storing data in Google Cloud Storage serves the secure and reliable retention of data to ensure the smooth operation of our services and prevent data loss (backups), deliver content efficiently, and continuously develop and improve our application.
Legal Basis:
If personal data is processed, it is based on – depending on the context – Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (fulfillment of a contract or pre-contractual measures), Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR (legitimate interest in secure and efficient operations), or, if necessary, your consent according to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Recipients and Data Transfer to Third Countries:
It is possible that data may be transferred to Google servers located in third countries (in particular the USA) when using Google Cloud Storage. Google is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (if applicable) to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Storage Period:
Data is generally stored for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected,
            unless legal retention periods require otherwise.
• Current list entries are stored until they are checked off, removed, or deleted (for shared lists)
• The backup is stored until you deleted it (when using the backup function)
Your Rights:
You have the right to access, rectification, erasure, or restriction of processing of your data, as well as the right to data portability. Further information on your rights can be found in the "Your Rights" section of this Privacy Policy.
For more information about data protection at Google, please refer to the
Google Privacy Policy
10. Data Processing by Firebase Cloud Messaging
We use the “Firebase Cloud Messaging” (FCM) service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”), to send you push notifications. FCM is used to deliver messages or “push” notifications to your device, even if you do not have our app actively open.
Processed Data:
In order to provide you with push notifications, FCM assigns a pseudonymous device token (a unique identifier) to your device.
            This token is used solely for the technical delivery of messages to that specific device and allows us
            to send specific messages or updates to certain users or user groups.
            As a rule, we do not collect any other personal data.
• ID of the list that was changed (for shared lists where "Notifications" is enabled)
• FCM tokens of the lists to be notified (for shared lists where "Notifications" is enabled)
Legal Basis:
Processing is carried out on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR), provided that you enable push notifications in your app or device settings. You can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect by disabling push notifications in your device settings or in the app.
Storage Period and Data Storage:
The FCM token is stored for as long as you use push notifications. Once you deactivate this feature, it can no longer be assigned, and the token will no longer be used for delivery.
Data Transfer to Third Countries:
It is possible that data may be transferred to Google servers located in the USA when using FCM.
            Google is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (if applicable) to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Right to Object or Withdraw Consent:
You can withdraw your consent to the sending of push notifications at any time in your device settings or within our app. Once you disable push notifications, no further messages will be delivered via FCM.
For more information about data protection at Google, please refer to the
Google Privacy Policy
.
11. AppLovin and Integrated Bidding Networks
Our app uses the advertising network AppLovin provided by the AppLovin Corporation,
            1100 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, to display personalized and non-personalized advertising.
            AppLovin enables us to provide you with relevant advertisements and optimize our ad revenue.
            AppLovin uses various bidding networks and partners to achieve the best advertising prices. Integrated bidding networks include, among others:
• IronSource
Processed Data:
• Device information (e.g., device type, operating system)
• Advertising ID (e.g., Google Advertising ID, IDFA)
• IP address
• Location data (if enabled)
• Information about your use of the app and advertisements
Purpose of Processing:
The data is processed to:
• Provide relevant advertisements
• Measure the performance of advertising campaigns
• Prevent fraud and abuse
This is carried out on the basis of your consent according to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Data Sharing:
AppLovin may share the collected data with its partners and service providers to fulfill the purposes mentioned above.
Data Transfer to Third Countries:
Your data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), in particular the USA. We ensure that appropriate data protection measures, such as Standard Contractual Clauses, are taken to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Right to Object and Removal Options ("Opt-Out"):
You can withdraw your consent to AppLovin’s data processing at any time with future effect:
• In the app: Adjust your preferences in the privacy settings of our app.
• Device settings: Reset the advertising ID in your device settings or disable personalized advertising.
For more information on data processing by AppLovin and its partner networks, please refer to the
AppLovin Privacy Policy
and the respective third-party providers.
12. Use of the Usercentrics Consent Management Platform
We use the Usercentrics Consent Management Platform (CMP) from Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich, Germany. Usercentrics allows us to obtain and manage the legally required consents of our users for the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
Processed Data:
• Consent data (possibly with a timestamp)
• Anonymized IP address
• Device information
• Browser information
• Opt-in and opt-out data
Purpose of Processing:
Data is processed for the purpose of obtaining and managing the legally required user consents. This serves to fulfill our legal obligation pursuant to Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR.
Data Sharing:
Data is not transferred to third parties unless there is a legal obligation to do so.
Data Transfer to Third Countries:
Your data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), in particular the USA. We ensure appropriate data protection measures, such as Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Right to Object and Removal Options ("Opt-Out"):
You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect. Use the settings in our app or contact us using the contact details provided below.
For more information on data processing, please refer to the
Usercentrics Privacy Policy
.
13. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which
        we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal
        data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject
        is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary
        for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based
        on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which
        are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case
        of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a
        legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for
        the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit.
        c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect
        the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would
        be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name,
        age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed
        on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based
        on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article
        6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are
        not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary
        for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third
        party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental
        rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data.
        Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been
        specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate
        interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital
        47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
14. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our
        legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of
        all our employees and the shareholders.
15. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective
        statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding
        data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment
        of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
16. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement
        necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide
        the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g.
        tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information
        on the contractual partner). Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract
        that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently
        be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with
        personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision
        of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data
        subject could not be concluded. Before personal data is provided by the data subject,
        the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data
        subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract
        or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation
        to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal
        data.
17. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This Privacy policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the
German Association for Data Protection
that was developed in
        cooperation with
Privacy Lawyers
from WILDE BEUGER
        SOLMECKE, Cologne.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/public-legal-docs.offerista/offerista/en/privacy.html#4-offerista-tracking-tool:
Data protection declaration for services from the Offerista Group GmbH
A – Scope of application, data controller, data protection officer
I SCOPE OF THE DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION
II Name and address of the data controller
III Name and address of the data protection officer
B - General information on data processing
I Scope
II Legal basis
III Storage period and data erasure
C - Data processing for apps
1. Access data (Server log files)
2. Push notifications
2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
2.2 Purposes of data processing
2.3 Legal basis
2.4 Storage period
2.5 Revocation and erasure
3. Location data
3.1 Description and scope of the data processing
3.2 Purposes of data processing
3.3 Legal basis
3.4 Storage period
3.5 Revocation and erasure
4. Offerista tracking tool
4.1 Description and scope of the data processing
4.2 Purposes of data processing
4.3 Legal basis
4.4 Storage period
5. Google Analytics
5.1 Description and scope of the data processing
5.2 Purposes of data processing
5.3 Legal basis
5.4 Storage period
5.5 Objection
6. Google Ads – Remarketing
6.1 Description and scope of the data processing
6.2 Purpose
6.3 Legal basis
6.4 Storage period
6.5 Revocation
7. Google Ads Conversion Tracking
7.1 Description and scope of the data processing
7.2 Purpose
7.3 Legal basis
7.4 Storage period
7.5 Objection and erasure
8. AdSense mobile application
8.1 Description and scope of the data processing
8.2 Purpose
8.3 Legal basis
8.4 Storage period
8.5 Revocation
9. DoubleClick
9.1 Description and scope of the data processing
9.2 Purpose
9.3 Legal basis
9.4 Storage period
9.5 Revocation
10. AppsFlyer
10.1 Description and scope of the data processing
10.2 Purposes of data processing
10.3 Legal basis
10.4 Storage period
10.5 Objection and erasure
11. Crashlytics
11.1 Description and scope of the data processing
11.2 Purpose
11.3 Legal basis
11.4 Storage period
11.5 Objection
13. Information exclusively for iOS apps
13.1 Using Apple iCloud
13.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
13.1.2 Purpose of data processing
13.1.3 Legal basis
13.1.4 Objection and erasure
13.2 Synchronization via the programming interface
14. Information exclusively for Windows apps
14.1 Using Microsoft OneDrive
14.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
14.1.2 Purpose of data processing
14.1.3 Legal basis
14.1.4 Objection and erasure
14.2 Synchronization via the programming interface
15. barcoo app – QR code/barcode scanner
15.1 Description and scope of the data processing
15.2 Purpose of data processing
15.3 Legal basis
15.4 Processing duration
15.5 Revocation
16. Email contact
16.1 Description and scope of the data processing
16.2 Purpose of data processing
16.3 Legal basis
16.4 Processing duration
16.5 Objection
17. Advertisers’ pixels
D – DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION FOR WEBSITES
1. Access data (Server log files)
1.1 Scope
1.2 Purpose
1.3 Legal basis
1.4 Storage period
2. Newsletter – Offerista.com
2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
2.2 Purpose
2.3 Legal basis
2.4 Storage period
2.5 Revocation
3. Use of technically necessary cookies
3.1 Description and scope of the data processing
3.2 Purpose
3.3 Legal basis
3.4 Storage period
3.5 Erasure
4. Google Analytics
4.1 Description and scope of the data processing
4.2 Purpose
4.3 Legal basis
4.4 Storage period
4.5 Objection and erasure
5. Google AdWords Remarketing
5.1 Description and scope of the data processing
5.2 Purpose
5.3 Legal basis
5.4 Storage period
5.5 Erasure
6. Google AdWords Conversion Tracking
6.1 Description and scope of the data processing
6.2 Purpose
6.3 Legal basis
6.4 Storage period
6.5 Erasure
7. Google AdSense
7.1 Description and scope of the data processing
7.2 Purpose
7.3 Legal basis
7.4 Storage period
7.5 Revocation and erasure
8. DoubleClick
8.1 Description and scope of the data processing
8.2 Purpose
8.3 Legal basis
8.4 Storage period
8.5 Erasure
9. Google Tag Manager
9.1 Description and scope
9.2 Purpose of processing
9.3 Legal basis
9.4 Processing duration
9.5 Erasure
10. Contact form and Email contact
10.1 Description and scope
10.2 Purpose of processing
10.3 Legal basis
10.4 Processing duration
10.5 Erasure
10. Notes exclusively for barcoo.de | offerista.fr
11.1 Location data
11.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
11.1.2 Purposes of data processing
11.1.3 Legal basis
11.1.4 Storage period
11.1.5 Objection and erasure
11.2. Offerista tracking tool
11.2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
11.2.2 Purposes of data processing
11.2.3 Legal basis
11.2.4 Storage period
12. Advertisers’ pixels
13. Social Media
13.1 Social-Media-Presence
13.2 Social-Media-Plug-ins
13.3 LinkedIn Analytics and LinkedIn Ads
13.4 Legal basis
14. Hubspot
14.1 Description and scope of data processing
14.2 Purpose of data processing
14.3 Legal basis
14.4 Storage duration
15. Offerista Engage
E Rights of data subjects
1. Right of access
2. Right to rectification
3. Right to restriction of processing
4. Right to erasure
4.1 Obligation to erase
4.2 Information to third parties
4.3 Exceptions
5. Right to information
6. Right to data portability
7. Right to object
8. Right to revoke consent under data protection law
9. Automated decision-making in individual cases including profiling
10. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
A – Scope of application, data controller, data protection officer
I SCOPE OF THE DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION
This data protection declaration informs you of the type, purpose and scope of the collection and processing of personal data for the following services.
Applications:
Marktjagd App, barcoo App, Wunderkauf App, Offerista App
Websites:
offerista.com, barcoo.com, barcoo.de, offerista.fr
II Name and address of the data controller
The data controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the Offerista Group GmbH, Waldemarstraße 33 a in D - 10999 Berlin, Managing Directors Tobias Bräuer und Benjamin Thym, phone: +49(0)351 – 41 88 94 – 0,
privacy@offerista.com
.
III Name and address of the data protection officer
You can contact our data privacy team at any time via email to
privacy@offerista.com
regarding any questions about our data storage and processing practices, as well as regarding utilizing your rights in these matters.
B - General information on data processing
I Scope
We collect and use our users’ personal data to the extent necessary to provide a functioning website and to perform our services, including the location-based display of advertising from local retailers and service providers. In order to make our services available to you free of charge, we finance our services through advertising revenue. Therefore it is necessary that we collect, in anonymous form, the data we need to be able to invoice our customers for the adverts.
II Legal basis
Insofar as we obtain the consent of the user, this serves as the legal basis for the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR. When processing personal data that is required to fulfil a contract with the user, Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. b) GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, and if the interests of the user do not prevail, Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
III Storage period and data erasure
The user’s personal data will be deleted as soon as the purpose for its collection has been fulfilled. If the data controller is legally obliged to store the data beyond this time, the data will be blocked from the time that the original purpose is achieved until it is erased. Information on the storage period is provided for each type of processing.
C - Data processing for apps
1. Access data (Server log files)
When you use our apps, we collect the data that is automatically sent during your use and that is required for the use of our services. This data includes your IP address, information on the user agent, as well as the date and time of the use of our services. This data is stored in our system log files. This data is not stored together with other personal data relating to the user. The legal basis for the temporary storage of data is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The temporary storage of your IP address by the system is necessary. For these purposes, our legitimate interest in processing the data is also based on Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The data will be deleted and the IP address anonymized as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. The collection and storage of data in log files is essential for the operation of the apps.
2. Push notifications
2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
Insofar as the user has authorized the sending of push notifications, a corresponding token will be generated via the device’s operating system each time the app is started (for Android via Google’s GCM (Google Cloud Messaging) and for iOS via Apple’s APNS (Apple Push Notification Service)) and sent from the app to an Offerista server (Push-Backend"). There, the token is stored in a database together with the app’s visitor ID. Using this database, push notifications are sent downstream via the AWS SNS service (Amazon Simple Notification Service), which uses the push token to contact the online services of the device operator (Apple or Google) and deliver the push notification. We offer to send you push notifications:
if your “favourite shops” publish new offers/brochures (automated push notifications),
with “exclusive information”, i.e. campaigns from suppliers (manual and geo-based push notifications),
on offers from suppliers in your current vicinity (geo-based push notifications).
In order to be able to send you these push notifications with current offers and advertising from local retailers, we obtain the appropriate consent. Consent is requested during the initial app setup and/or later as required.
2.2 Purposes of data processing
The purpose of push notifications is to inform you about products of interest and news in the form of advertising from providers who display advertising on our services.
2.3 Legal basis
The legal basis is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
2.4 Storage period
The data (push token and visitor ID) will be deleted no later than three months after the last time the app is opened, or upon revocation.
2.5 Revocation and erasure
You can revoke your consent at any time by revoking the authorization for notifications in your device’s system settings. For iOS, you will find this option under “settings” > “notifications” > “NAME OF THE APP “. For Android, you will find this option under “settings” > “apps” or “app manager” > “NAME OF THE APP > “view notifications”. For Windows, you will find this option under “settings” > notifications & actions” > “NAME OF THE APP > deactivate tab”. If you revoke your consent in this way, we will stop sending you push notifications. Please note, however, that some of our features (e.g. notification of exclusive offers in the vicinity) will no longer be available. You may reactivate your authorization in the system settings at any time. You also have the option to deactivate each service individually:
Marktjagd | barcoo | Wunderkauf | Offerista/settings/favourite shops
Marktjagd | barcoo | Wunderkauf | Offerista/settings/exclusive information
3. Location data
3.1 Description and scope of the data processing
Location data is determined from user input or GPS geo-coordinates, whereby we determine location at postcode level through longitudinal and latitudinal data captured by the device. In order to be able to send you location-specific offers and so that you only receive information on offers from retailers in the vicinity, we obtain your consent. If, in response to the system query “Allow Marktjagd|barcoo|Wunderkauf|Offerista to access your location?”, you click on the “Always allow” button, you are giving us your consent to collect and process your location, to display offers in the vicinity, and to compile anonymous statistics about the use of our offers. Information on your location is also collected if you are not currently using the app but it is open in the background. If you click on the “When using the app” button, you are giving your consent to the collection of information about your location, but only when you are actively using the app. If you select this option, the app may not be able to alert you to current offers in the vicinity. Alternatively, you have the option not to allow location tracking, and instead to enter your location manually in the form of your postcode. We will then use the postcode provided to make available brochures, offers and advertising from local retailers at the specified location. Please note that the app may not alert you to current offers in the vicinity based solely on the postcode entered.
3.2 Purposes of data processing
To be able to notify you of suppliers and offers in your vicinity and to send you geolocation-based information via push notifications, we need to know your location. Without the localization of your location - either via manual input of your location or via automatic location determination - you cannot use the services offered by the Marktjagd|barcoo|Wunderkauf|Offerista app. To be able to inform you of suppliers’ offers in your vicinity by means of push notifications, we also need your location even if you are not using the app at the time. In the event that you have given us your consent to capture your location even when you are not using the app, we will also collect information on your location if you approach a shop whose advertising you have viewed through our services. We also need your location data (postcode level) in order to provide our advertising customers with information on the success rates and local reach of their advertising in the form of anonymous statistics.
3.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing location data is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1. sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
3.4 Storage period
We store your data for three years.
3.5 Revocation and erasure
You may revoke your consent to the collection and use of information about your location at any time. If you revoke your consent, we will no longer capture your location. Please note, however, that some of our features (e.g. notification of exclusive offers in the vicinity) will no longer be available. You may reactivate your authorization in the system settings at any time. You can deactivate automatic location tracking in the apps at any time. In the apps:
my Marktjagd -> change my location -> determine location when starting -> opt out
my barcoo -> change my location -> determine location when starting -> opt out
my Wunderkauf -> change my location -> determine location when starting -> opt out
my Offerista -> change my location -> determine location when starting -> opt out
Or via your device settings:
iOS/settings/data protection/location services/Marktjagd|barcoo|Wunderkauf|Offerista/allow access to location/never or when using the app or always
Android/settings/apps/Marktjagd|barcoo|Wunderkauf|Offerista/permissions/location
Windows/settings/position recognition (setting No. 1) and/or location services (setting No. 2) and apps (setting No. 3)
4. Offerista tracking tool
4.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We collect the following data about your usage behaviour:
Actions performed
Session ID
UUID (randomly generated index number)
Time
Location data (generally processed to postcode level only)
App version
Brand
4.2 Purposes of data processing
We use this data to analyze and evaluate the apps’ functions by creating user profiles, to invoice our customers for advertising, and to customize our services as needed.
4.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
4.4 Storage period
We erase the data after a maximum of 36 months.
5. Google Analytics
5.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service from Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses what are known as “cookies”, text files which are stored on users’ mobile devices and permit analysis of their use of the website. The information generated by the cookie on the use of our app is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymization is activated on this website, meaning that Google will first truncate the user’s IP address within the European Union, or in other treaty states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and truncated there. The following data is captured: Online tags (including cookie identifiers), anonymized IP addresses, device identifiers.
5.2 Purposes of data processing
On our behalf, Google will use this information to evaluate use of the app by you, the user, to collate reports on app activities and to provide the app provider with further services related to website use and internet use.
5.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate overriding interest lies in improving the quality of our offerings and their content. We learn how our services are used, and are thus able to constantly optimize our offer.
5.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after 26 months.
5.5 Objection
You can prevent the storage of cookies by using the appropriate setting on your browser software; however we would point out to users that if you do this, you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. In addition, users can prevent Google from collecting data on their use of the website (including their IP address) generated by the cookie, and also prevent the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via the following link. The current link is:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Google Ads – Remarketing
6.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We have integrated Google Remarketing. This allows us to create user-friendly advertising, showing you interest-based ads in other apps in the Google network. To do this, Google Remarketing sets a cookie in your device’s browser. The cookie allows Google to recognize you when, after leaving our app, you visit other apps that also belong to the Google network. Every time you open an app with integrated Google Remarketing, your device’s browser automatically identifies itself to Google. Google thus receives personal data, such as the user’s IP address and surfing behaviour, which Google uses, among other things, to display interest-based ads. The personal data collected by the cookie every time a visit is made to our apps, including the IP address of the data subject’s device, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America, stored there, and may be passed on to third parties.
6.2 Purpose
The purpose is to display interest-based ads through the Google advertising network or other websites.
6.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for data processing is the consent given by you prior to using our apps pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1. sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
6.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after a maximum of 18 months.
6.5 Revocation
You can revoke the use of cookies by Google, effective for the future, at any time. In the browser:
Android Gingerbread, HoneyComb, Ice Cream, KitKat and Lollipop (Android versions 2.3 and above): Google settings / ads / opt out of interest-based ads / opt out
iOS (from version 6): Settings / data protection / advertising / no ad tracking / opt in
Windows: System applications / advertising ID /opt out
Further information on Google Remarketing and Google’s privacy policy can be found under:
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
and
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
.
7. Google Ads Conversion Tracking
7.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use Google AdWords Conversion Tracking, a service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; in the following “Google”). Conversion Tracking is a service that enables us to record what happens after a user clicks on one of our adverts, e.g. whether you afterwards install our app and when you open it for the first time. Furthermore we can record which keywords, adverts, advertising groups and campaigns led to which user action. If you click on one of our adverts in Google search or on a selected Internet site of the Google advertising network, a temporary cookie is saved on your device (conversion cookie). If you complete an action, our system recognizes the (via the code snippet inserted by you) and records a conversion. Cookies for conversion tracking are only valid for 30 days. No personal data is collected and/or saved by the cookies. Accordingly we cannot assign conversion data to a particular user, instead we only have access to the complete data for adverts and keywords.
7.2 Purpose
The purpose of the data processing is to measure the success of our services and offers, and to improve them for both our users and our advertising customers.
7.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for data processing is the consent given by you prior to using our apps pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1. sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
7.4 Storage period
Cookies for conversion tracking are only valid for 30 days. No personal data is collected and/or saved by the cookies.
7.5 Objection and erasure
You can, at all times, object to conversion tracking with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser:
Android Gingerbread, HoneyComb, Ice Cream, KitKat and Lollipop (Android versions 2.3 and above): Google settings / ads / opt out of interest-based ads / opt out
iOS (from version 6): Settings / data protection / advertising / no ad tracking / opt in
Windows: System applications / advertising ID /opt out
Further information on Google remarketing and Google’s data protection declaration can be found under:
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads
.
8. AdSense mobile application
8.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use the online service Google AdSense, which facilitates the placement of advertising on third-party apps. Through this service, the ads displayed on third-party apps are selected according to the content of the respective third-party app by means of an algorithm, which enables an interest-based approach of visitors to the app. When you visit our services listed above, Google AdSense sets a cookie on your device, allowing the service provider to analyze how you use our apps. Every time you visit one of our apps, the AdSense cookie automatically causes your device’s browser to submit personal data to Alphabet Inc. for online advertising and commission invoicing purposes. Data is used to track visitor origin and clicks, and subsequently to enable commission invoicing. The data collected by the cookie, to the extent necessary to capture the ads displayed and enable invoicing, is transferred to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America, stored and, if necessary, passed on to third parties. Google AdSense is explained in more detail here:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/
.
8.2 Purpose
The purpose of the Google AdSense component is to integrate commission-based advertising into our website in order to earn advertising revenue.
8.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for data processing is the consent given by you prior to using our apps pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1. sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after a maximum of 18 months.
8.5 Revocation
You can, at all times, revoke the use of cookies with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser.
Android Gingerbread, HoneyComb, Ice Cream, KitKat and Lollipop (Android versions 2.3 and above): Google settings / ads / opt out of interest-based ads / opt out
iOS (from version 6): Settings / data protection / advertising / no ad tracking / opt in
Windows: System applications / advertising ID /opt out
Further information on Google Remarketing and Google’s privacy policy can be found under:
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
.
9. DoubleClick
9.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We have integrated Google Ad Manager into our apps and web portals. When you are active on our apps/portals, Google Ad Manager transmits data to the Google Ad Manager server, which in turn triggers a cookie request in your app. If your app accepts the request, Google Ad Manager sets a cookie on your device. Google Ad Manager cookies contain no personally identifiable information. Instead they contain a cookie ID which is needed, for example, to display ads in the app and, at the same time, track which ads have already been displayed to avoid duplication. In addition, it is useful for tracking conversions for commission invoicing, for example if a Google Ad Manager ad was served to you and you then go to shop on the advertiser’s website. Every time the app is accessed, Google Ad Manager transmits this information to Google for online advertising and invoicing purposes. Google Ad Manager cookies do not contain any personal information.
9.2 Purpose
The purpose of the cookie is to optimize and display commission-based advertising. The cookie is used, among other thing, to serve and display user-relevant ads, as well as to generate reports on advertising campaigns or to improve them. Furthermore, the cookie is used to avoid serving the same ad multiple times.
9.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the setting of cookies and the associated data processing is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
9.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after a maximum of 18 months.
9.5 Revocation
You can, at all times, revoke the use of cookies with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser.
Android Gingerbread, HoneyComb, Ice Cream, KitKat and Lollipop (Android versions 2.3 and above): Google settings / ads / opt out of interest-based ads / opt out
iOS (from version 6): Settings / data protection / advertising / no ad tracking / opt in
Windows: System applications / advertising ID /opt out
10. AppsFlyer
10.1 Description and scope of the data processing
Our services use AppsFlyer, an analytics service from AppsFlyer Ltd., 111 New Montgomery Street San Francisco, California 94105. The information on the use of the apps generated by AppsFlyer is normally transmitted to a server outside Germany and is stored there. The following data is collected via AppsFlyer: anonymized IP address, meta data about user interactions recorded in the apps (e.g. app installation, calling up the app manually or by clicking on a campaign link), AdID or IDFA. In the code we have activated IP anonymization, so that the user’s IP address is truncated before it is stored by AppsFlyer Ltd.
10.2 Purposes of data processing
The anonymous information is used to evaluate use of the apps, and to compile reports on user activities in the apps. We use these reports to improve our services.
10.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate overriding interest lies in improving the quality of our offerings and their content. We learn how our services are used, and are thus able to constantly optimize our offer.
10.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after 3 years.
10.5 Objection and erasure
You can object to the use of AppsFlyer. To do so, send an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You can, at all times, object to the use of IDFA/AdID with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser:
Android Gingerbread, HoneyComb, Ice Cream, KitKat and Lollipop (Android versions 2.3 and above): Google settings / ads / opt out of interest-based ads / opt out
iOS (from version 6): Settings / data protection / advertising / no ad tracking / opt in
Windows: System applications / advertising ID /opt out
11. Crashlytics
11.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use “Crashlytics” from Crashlytics Inc,1355 Market Street #900, San Francisco, California 94103. Crashlytics identifies software problems and their causes. Crashlytics collects the following data: Device status information, device type, device identification. This data is stored in anonymous form.
11.2 Purpose
The purpose of the data collection is to identify software errors and their causes.
11.3 Legal basis
The legal basis is our overriding interest in ensuring the ongoing functionality of our apps pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
11.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after 3 years.
11.5 Objection
For further information on Crashlytics’ data protection, go to:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
.
13. Information exclusively for iOS apps
13.1 Using Apple iCloud
13.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
In your iOS apps Offerista uses the iCloud for the storage of an unambiguous, anonymous user ID. The user ID is a randomly generated but unambiguous number. Offerista guarantees that the user ID is only stored within the scope of your personal iCloud account. Data protection provisions apply to the storage of data in the iCloud. Information from Apple on data protection for the iCloud can be found under:
https://support.apple.com/de-de/HT202303
und
https://www.apple.com/de/privacy/
. The user ID is stored in a special directory, in your personal iCloud directory, to which Offerista has no access.
13.1.2 Purpose of data processing
The storage of the user ID in the iCloud serves exclusively for the synchronization of data between more than one device on which you execute iOS apps.
13.1.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 b) of the GDPR.
13.1.4 Objection and erasure
iCloud functionality can be deactivated using the system settings of your iOS device: After deactivation, data is no longer stored in your personal iCloud directory, and the synchronization of data between your personal iOS devices no longer takes place.
13.2 Synchronization via the programming interface
If you add or delete a favourite shop in an app, we will use your user ID to synchronize this between your iCloud and the app by means of a programming interface. We can thus ensure cross-device access to your favourite shops without being able to assign this data to you as a person.
14. Information exclusively for Windows apps
14.1 Using Microsoft OneDrive
14.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
In your Windows 10 apps, Offerista uses an unambiguous, anonymous user ID for the synchronization of personal settings and data between various Windows 10 devices which have Microsoft OneDrive functionality. The user ID is a randomly generated, unambiguous number. The storage of the user ID in OneDrive serves exclusively for the synchronization of data between more than one device on which you execute Windows 10 apps. Offerista guarantees that the user ID is only stored within the scope of your personal OneDrive account. Data protection provisions apply to the storage of data in Microsoft’s OneDrive. The user ID is stored in a special directory in your personal OneDrive directory, to which Offerista has no access.
14.1.2 Purpose of data processing
The storage of the user ID in the OneCloud serves exclusively for the synchronization of data between more than one device on which you execute Windows apps.
14.1.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
14.1.4 Objection and erasure
This functionality can be deactivated using the system settings of your Windows 10 device: After deactivation, data is no longer stored in your personal OneDrive directory, and the synchronization of data between your personal Windows 10 app devices no longer takes place.
14.2 Synchronization via the programming interface
If you add or delete a favourite shop in the Windows 10 app, we will use your user ID to synchronize this with our API in your OneDrive. We can thus ensure cross-device access to your favourite shops without being able to assign this data to your as a person.
15. barcoo app – QR code/barcode scanner
15.1 Description and scope of the data processing
If you wish to use our QR code/barcode scanner, we need access to the camera in your device. After clicking on the “Scan barcode” icon, we will ask you whether you would like to give us the following consent. Android: “Enable barcoo to record photographs and videos?” iOS: “May Barcoo access your camera? Don’t worry! We ONLY need access to your camera to scan barcodes and QR codes. We won’t be spying on you;)”. We also have to collect the scanned code and your visitor ID. After a code has been scanned the corresponding product page is opened. For this we use cookies. Cookies are text files that are saved in your device’s browser.
15.2 Purpose of data processing
The data is required to use the QR code/barcode scanner function.
15.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. b) GDPR, i.e. the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract. Nevertheless we also obtain your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR).
15.4 Processing duration
We delete your data immediately after the scan has been completed.
15.5 Revocation
You can revoke this consent at any time with future effect using your browser settings.
iOS/settings/data protection/camera/barcoo/opt out
Android/settings/apps/barcoo/permissions/opt out
Windows/settings/data protection/camera//opt out
16. Email contact
16.1 Description and scope of the data processing
In our apps, we can be contacted via the email address provided. In this case, the personal data transmitted in your email (email address, UUID, version of the operating system, name of the device, information on whether location tracking was authorized and, where appropriate, most recent location information) is stored. In this context, data is not disclosed to third parties.
16.2 Purpose of data processing
The data is used exclusively to process the conversation. The processing of your personal data serves us solely to process the contact request.
16.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the data processing is the consent given by you through sending us an email pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
16.4 Processing duration
The data will be deleted after 30 days, i.e. as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. This is the case when the respective conversation with you comes to an end i.e. when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been conclusively clarified.
16.5 Objection
You can erase the information regarding the browser version from the subject line before sending the email. You can object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot take place. In such a case, personal data stored in the course of making contact will be deleted.
17. Advertisers’ pixels
In advertising materials (brochures etc.) served on our apps, pixels from the respective retailer or service provider may be integrated. Pixels capture, for example, how often a brochure is clicked on. This information is forwarded to the respective retailer. To do so, IP addresses are processed exclusively in truncated and therefore anonymous form. It is therefore impossible to identify individuals personally from this information. The advertiser is responsible for the anonymous processing of the data. The point of contact for users remains Offerista.
D – DATA PROTECTION DECLARATION FOR WEBSITES
1. Access data (Server log files)
1.1 Scope
When you use our websites, we collect the data that is automatically sent by your browser during your use and that is required for the use of our services. This data especially includes the URL, the type of browser, the browser version, the requesting provider, the IP address and the date and time when our services were used. This data is stored in our system log files. This data is not stored together with other personal data relating to the user. The IP addresses of the user are not affected by this. We store these in exclusively anonymized form.
1.2 Purpose
The temporary storage of IP addresses by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user’s computer. To do this, the user’s IP address must be stored for the duration of the session.
1.3 Legal basis
For these purposes, our legitimate interest in processing the data is also based on Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
1.4 Storage period
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. In the case of data collection in order to serve the website, this is when the respective session ends.
2. Newsletter – Offerista.com
2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
On our website, you have the opportunity to subscribe to our free newsletter on current trends in digital retail marketing. When registering for the newsletter, the name entered in the input mask and the email address will be sent to us. In addition, the IP address of the requesting computer and the date and time of registration are collected during registration. As part of the registration process, your consent to the processing of the data is obtained by means of a double opt-in process and reference is made to this privacy policy. Revocation can be effected at any time within such advertising emails. We use
Rapidmail
. for the sending and the administration of our newsletter. Rapidmail shall not forward the data described here to third parties. Rapidmail is an analysis service of SC-Networks GmbH, Enzianstr. 2, 82319 Starnberg. Rapidmail uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the newsletter. The information generated by the cookie is sent to a server in Germany and analysed there. The newsletters also contain counting pixels. This is a miniature graphic that lets us know if a newsletter has arrived, been opened by you and which links in the newsletter were clicked. As part of this request, technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, the device used and the mail client as well as your IP address and time of the request are collected. In addition, the reading duration is recorded, this being done only on a target group basis. Although for technical reasons this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients, it is neither our endeavour, nor that of Rapidmail to observe individual users.
2.2 Purpose
The collection of your email address serves to enable the delivery of the newsletter. The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the email address used and to prove the legal requirements. The information from your use of the newsletter shall be used for the technical improvement of the services and the evaluation of the reading habits of our users and shall serve us to send content according to the interests of our users. In order to be able to send you personalised newsletters, explicit tracking consent is required. If you have agreed to this in the context of an opt-in request in a newsletter, you agree that a personal user profile shall be created based on your data.
2.3 Legal basis
The consent to the sending of email addresses is on the basis of Article 6 para. 1 lit. a, Article 7 of the GDPR as well as § 7 para. 2 No. 3 or para. 3 of the German Fair Trade Practices Act. The use of the shipping service provider, carrying out statistical surveys and analyses as well as logging the registration procedure are based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Article 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR. Our interest is to deploy a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that serves both our business interests such as direct advertising and the expectations of our users.
2.4 Storage period
The data shall be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected, that is to say at the latest when you unsubscribe from the newsletter.
2.5 Revocation
The subscription to the newsletter and the creation of a personal user profile may be revoked by you at any time by clicking the link “cancel” or “tracking cancellation” in the newsletter.
3. Use of technically necessary cookies
3.1 Description and scope of the data processing
Our website uses technically necessary cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in your Internet browser or placed on your computer system by the Internet browser. When you visit a website, a cookie may be stored in your operating system. This cookie contains a string of characters that allow the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is revisited.
3.2 Purpose
The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to facilitate the use of websites by users. Some features of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For these features, the browser must be recognizable even after the user has changed websites.
3.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing data through the use of cookies is our interest in providing a functioning Internet service pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
3.4 Storage period
The data transferred by the cookie is deleted after 2 months.
3.5 Erasure
You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing your Internet browser settings. Cookies already stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to make full use of all its functions.
4. Google Analytics
4.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We have integrated Google Analytics (with the anonymization function) into this website. Thereby, what are known as ‘cookies’ (text files) are stored on your computer to facilitate the analysis of how you use our website. As a general rule, the information collected by the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in the USA where it is stored. In order to avoid this, we use IP anonymization. This means your IP address will be truncated within the member states of the European Union or in other countries that have signed the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the US and truncated there. Google will used the information collected on our behalf to evaluate use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and provide other related services. The IP address transmitted by your browser will not be merged with any other Google data.
4.2 Purpose
The purpose is to improve our offer based on the data collected.
4.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing the data is Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate overriding interest lies in improving the quality of our offerings and their content. We learn how our services are used, and are thus able to constantly optimize our offer.
4.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after 26 months.
4.5 Objection and erasure
You can prevent cookies being stored on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. If you do so, however, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to their full extent. In addition, you as the user can prevent Google from collecting, transferring and processing the data on your use of the website (including your IP address) generated by the cookie by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
. As an alternative to the browser plug-in, you can click on one of the following links to prevent future detection by Google Analytics within this website.
barcoo.de
offerista.fr
The Opt Out works only in this browser and only for this domain. An opt-out cookie is stored on your device. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
5. Google AdWords Remarketing
5.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We have integrated Google Remarketing. This allows us to create user-friendly advertising, showing you interest based ads on other websites in the Google advertising network. To do this, Google Remarketing sets a cookie in your device’s browser. The cookie allows Google to recognize you when, after leaving our website, you visit other websites that also belong to the Google advertising network. Every time you open a website with integrated Google Remarketing, your device’s browser automatically identifies itself to Google. Google thus receives personal data, such as the user’s IP address and surfing behaviour, which Google uses, among other things, to display interest-based ads. For every visit to our website, the personal data collected by the cookie, including the IP address of the data subject’s device, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America, where it is stored and may be passed on to third parties.
5.2 Purpose
The purpose is to display interest-based ads through the Google advertising network or other websites for the purpose of generating advertising revenue.
5.3 Legal basis
The legal basis is the consent given by you through visiting the app pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
5.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after a maximum of 18 months.
5.5 Erasure
You can, at any time, revoke the use of cookies by Google with future effect. You can access the deactivation function via the following links, and following the instructions given there.
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
or
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de
doubleclick:
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated?hl=de#display_optout
. Alternatively, you can deactivate use of cookies from third parties by bringing up the deactivation page on the network advertising initiative:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
and using the opt-out function there. You can also prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser. The use of our website and services is then, however, perhaps only possible to a limited extent. You can find more information on Google and data protection at:
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6020956
.
6. Google AdWords Conversion Tracking
6.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use Google AdWords Conversion Tracking, a service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; in the following “Google”). Conversion Tracking is a service that enables us to record what happens after a user clicks on one of our adverts. Furthermore we can record which keywords, adverts, advertising groups and campaigns led to which user action. If you click on one of our adverts in Google search or on a selected Internet site of the Google advertising network, a temporary cookie is saved on your device (conversion cookie). If you complete an action, our system recognizes the cookie (via the code snippet inserted by you) and records a conversion. Cookies for conversion tracking are only valid for 30 days. No personal data is collected and/or stored by the cookies. Accordingly we cannot assign conversion data to a particular user, instead we only have access to the complete data for adverts and keywords.
6.2 Purpose
The purpose is to optimize our Internet services in order to provide a more interest-based design, and to improve the conversion rate.
6.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the collection and transmission of data is the consent given by you at the start of your visit to our websites pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
6.4 Storage period
Cookies for conversion tracking are only valid for 30 days. No personal data is collected and/or stored by the cookies.
6.5 Erasure
You can, at all times, revoke conversion tracking with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser.
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de
You can also completely prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser. The use of our website and services is then, however, perhaps only possible to a limited extent.
7. Google AdSense
7.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use the online service Google AdSense, which facilitates the placement of advertising on third-party websites. Through this service, the ads displayed on third-party websites are selected according to the content of the respective third-party website by means of an algorithm, which enables an interest-based approach of visitors to the website. When you visit our websites, Google AdSense sets a cookie on your device, allowing the service provider to analyze how you use our websites. Every time you visit one of our websites, the AdSense cookie automatically causes your device’s browser to submit personal data to Alphabet Inc. for online advertising and commission invoicing purposes. Data is used to track visitor origin and clicks, and subsequently to enable commission invoicing. The data collected by the cookie, to the extent necessary to capture the ads displayed and enable invoicing, is transferred to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America, stored and, if necessary, passed on to third parties. Google AdSense is explained in more detail here:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/
.
7.2 Purpose
The purpose of the Google AdSense component is to integrate interest-based advertising into third-party websites in order to earn advertising revenue through commission fees.
7.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the collection and transmission of data is the consent given by you at the start of your visit to our websites pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
7.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after a maximum of 18 months.
7.5 Revocation and erasure
You can, at all times, revoke the use of cookies with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser. You can, at any time, permanently revoke the use of cookies with future effect. You can access the deactivation function via the following links, and following the instructions given there:
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=de
. Alternatively, you can deactivate use of cookies from third parties by bringing up the deactivation page on the network advertising initiative:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
and using the opt-out function there. You can also prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser. The use of our website and services is then, however, perhaps only possible to a limited extent. More information on data protection and cookies for advertising in Google AdSense can be found in Google’s data protection declaration, especially under the following links:
https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/partners/
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads
.
8. DoubleClick
8.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We have integrated DoubleClick by Google into our websites. When you are active on our websites, DoubleClick by Google transmits data to the DoubleClick server, which in turn triggers a cookie request in your browser. If your browser accepts the request, DoubleClick sets a cookie on your device. DoubleClick cookies contain no personally identifiable information. Instead they contain a cookie ID which is needed, for example, to display ads on the website and, at the same time, track which ads have already been displayed to avoid duplication. In addition, it is useful for tracking conversions for commission invoicing, for example if a DoubleClick ad was served to you and you then go to shop on the advertiser’s website from the same browser. Every time the website is accessed, DoubleClick transmits this information to Google for online advertising and invoicing purposes. DoubleClick cookies do not contain any personal information.
8.2 Purpose
The purpose of the cookies is to display interest-based advertising with high conversion rates in order to generate advertising revenue. The cookie is used, among other thing, to serve and display user-relevant ads, as well as to generate reports on advertising campaigns or to improve them. Furthermore, the cookie is used to avoid serving the same ad multiple times and for commission invoicing.
8.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the setting of cookies and the associated data processing is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.4 Storage period
The data is deleted after 26 months.
8.5 Erasure
You can, at all times, revoke the use of cookies with future effect, or deactivate the function in your device’s browser. You can, at any time, permanently revoke the use of DoubleClick-cookies with future effect. You can access the deactivation function via the following links, and following the instructions given there.
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated?hl=de#display_optout
. Alternatively you can deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
and using the opt-out possibilities mentioned there. You can also prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser. The use of our website and services is then, however, perhaps only possible to a limited extent. For more information on DoubleClick-cookies go to:
https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090
.
9. Google Tag Manager
9.1 Description and scope
The Offerista Group uses Google Tag Manager on its web pages, a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”), for European users, from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The Tag Manager itself, which uses tags, works without cookies and does not collect personally identifiable information.
9.2 Purpose of processing
The Tag Manager triggers other tags, which in turn may collect data under certain circumstances. For these respective third party providers, appropriate explanations can be found in this privacy policy. Google Tag Manager does not use this data itself. The Google Tag Manager only ensures that the usage data required by our partners are passed on to them (see the other data processing operations described in this privacy policy). In some cases, the data is processed on a Google server in the USA. In the event that personal information is transferred to the US, Google has submitted itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield. Google may ask you for permission to share some product data (such as your account information) with other Google products to enable certain features, such as to simplify the addition of new Conversion-Tracking Tags for AdWords. Additionally, the developers from Google review product usage information from time to time to optimise the product further. However, Google shall never share data of this nature without your consent with other Google products.
9.3 Legal basis
The legal basis is Article 6 para. 1 S.1 lit. f of the GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in effectively incorporating and managing multiple tags on our website. More information can be found in the
Information from Google on the Tag Manager.
9.4 Processing duration
Since the Tag Manager only serves to manage the tags, no personally identifiable information is stored here.
9.5 Erasure
IF YOU HAVE DISABLED OR OTHERWISE DEACTIVATED COOKIES, THIS WILL BE OBSERVED FOR ALL TRACKING TAGS USED WITH THE GOOGLE TAG MANAGER, THE TOOL WILL NOT CHANGE YOUR COOKIE SETTINGS.
10. Contact form and Email contact
10.1 Description and scope
On our websites, we can be contacted via the email address provided. In this case, the personal data transmitted via your email will be stored. In this context, data is not disclosed to third parties.
10.2 Purpose of processing
The data is used exclusively to process the conversation.
10.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for the data processing is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
10.4 Processing duration
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. This is the case when the respective conversation with you comes to an end i.e. when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been conclusively clarified.
10.5 Erasure
You can object to the storage of your personal data at any time by sending an email to
privacy@offerista.com
. In such cases, personal data stored in the course of making contact will be deleted.
10. Notes exclusively for barcoo.de | offerista.fr
11.1 Location data
11.1.1 Description and scope of the data processing
After opening the website you will be asked whether we may determine your location. You can agree or decline. If you agree your location will be determined using a positioning service. By doing so, you may give the following consent: “Allow this website to access your location?” If you decline you can enter your location manually. If you have reached our website by clicking on a banner on a third-party site, we will determine your approximate location based on your truncated IP address.
11.1.2 Purposes of data processing
In order to be able to show you offers and prices in your vicinity we need your location. Without the localization of your location - either via manual input of your location or via automatic location determination - you will only be able to make limited use of the services offered on our websites.
11.1.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for processing location data is the consent given by you pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1. sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
11.1.4 Storage period
Data is stored for a period of three years, and is deleted if consent is revoked.
11.1.5 Objection and erasure
You can deactivate automatic location detection at any time as follows. “Auto-location” button/”Never forward location to this website”
11.2. Offerista tracking tool
11.2.1 Description and scope of the data processing
We use a tracking tool to collect data on your usage behaviour. To do so we use what is called a cookie. This is a small text file that we place in your browser. We collect the following data: Actions performed
Session ID
UUID (randomly generated index number)
Time
Location data (processed to postcode level)
Browser version
11.2.2 Purposes of data processing
We use this data to analyze and evaluate the functionality of our websites, to deliver interest-based advertising, and to invoice our advertising clients.
11.2.3 Legal basis
The legal basis is our interest in generating advertising revenue pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This interest is overriding, as we provide our service free of charge and finance ourselves through advertising revenue.
11.2.4 Storage period
We erase the data a maximum of 12 months after it is collected.
12. Advertisers’ pixels
In advertising materials (brochures etc.) served on our portals, pixels from the respective retailer or service provider may be integrated. Pixels capture, for example, how often a brochure is clicked on. This information is forwarded to the respective retailer. To do so, IP addresses are processed exclusively in truncated and therefore anonymous form. It is therefore impossible to identify individuals personally from this information. The advertiser is responsible for the anonymous processing of the data. The point of contact for users remains Offerista.
13. Social Media
13.1 Social-Media-Presence
We are represented in the following social networks with social media presence and are available to you: •
Facebook
|
(Data protection statement)
•
Instagram
|
(Data protection statement)
•
Xing
|
(Data protection statement)
• LinkedIn |
(Data protection statement)
•
YouTube
|
(Data protection statement)
Our presence on Facebook in particular, is operated under shared responsibility with Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, D2 Dublin, Ireland (“Facebook”). On the social media platforms we inform you about the latest news and take advantage of the possibilities of the social networks to communicate with their members and our users directly and provide information about our products and services. However, please note that we have a low level of influence on data processing through the social networks. If you visit a social media page, your data can also be distributed to countries outside the European Union that have a lower data protection level than in the European Union (e.g. USA). Therefore, carefully check which personal information and messages you share on social networks and in case of doubt, please use other forms of contact that we have provided. We can use the networks to obtain statistics on the use of our social media presence (e.g. information on the number of views, names of users, interactions such as likes and comments and aggregated demographic and other information or statistics). (The legal basis is Article 6 para. 1 clause 1 b) of the GDPR if we obtain and process your data within the framework of a specific inquiry on our presence on social media as well as Article 6 para. 1 clause 1 f) of the GDPR based on our aforementioned legitimate interests, if data processing concerns the creation of the mentioned statistics. More information on the type and scope of these statistics with regard to Facebook can be found in
Facebook-Page Statistics-Notes.
. Statistics-Notes. Further information on the respective responsibilities can be obtained from
Facebook-Page-Insights-Add-on
. Provided we obtain your personal data within the framework of our social media offer, you are entitled to exercise the rights listed below in Section E of this data protection statement. Furthermore, if you want to enforce your rights towards the social media provider, the easiest option is to contact the respective provider directly. The provider will be aware of the details of the technical operation of his/her platform as well as the specific data processing purposes and can implement appropriate measures upon request if you exercise your rights. The contact details can be found in the data protection notices linked above. We will also help you with the enforcement of your rights if it is possible for us and will forward your queries to the respective provider. You can use the contact details listed above in section A, under II. for this purpose.
13.2 Social-Media-Plug-ins
We have embedded functions of the respective social networks on our website (so-called plug-ins). If you use these functions to share or comment on the linked content, a direct connection will be established to the servers of the respective social networks. We embedded the functions of the social networks so that the networks only receive the information accessed on our website once you actually interact with the respective social plug-in and not when you first access our page. If you logged into the respective social network with your user name and password while interacting with the respective social plug-ins, information regarding your visit to our page is transmitted to the plug-in and the respective provider can allocate this information to your user account. If you interact with the social plug-in, i.e. you use the Facebook “Like” or Twitter “Tweet This” function for example, the contents of our pages will then be linked and shared with your Facebook or Twitter profile. If you are not a member of the respective social networks or logged out from the provider prior to visiting our website, it is still possible for your IP address to be transmitted and saved if you interact with the respective social plug-ins. Please note that the content and scope of the data that is directly collected and transmitted by the social networks via the social plug-ins as well as the storage duration of up to 250 days and the intended purpose is explicitly determined by the respective providers. We have no influence on this transmission of information. Please obtain further information from the data protection notices of the provider linked above. The legal basis of the inclusion of social plug-ins is Article 6 para. 1, clause 1 f) of the GDPR based on our legitimate interest in the provision of the aforementioned social network functions.
13.3 LinkedIn Analytics and LinkedIn Ads
We use conversion tracking technology and the retargeting feature of the LinkedIn corporation on our website. By using this technology, visitors to this website can receive personalised advertisements on LinkedIn. There is also an opportunity to create anonymous reports about the performance of these advertisements as well as information about website interaction. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is thus incorporated into this website, establishing a connection with the LinkedIn server when you visit this website while logged into your LinkedIn account at the same time. For more information on the collection and use of data by LinkedIn, and about your rights and options to protect your privacy, please refer to the data protection provisions of LinkedIn at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
. If you are logged into LinkedIn, you can deactivate data collection at any time by clicking on the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/enhanced-advertising.
13.4 Legal basis
The legal basis for using Hubspot services is Article 6 I f DS-GDPR – legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest in using this service is to optimise our marketing measures and improve the service quality on our website.
14. Hubspot
We use HubSpot for our online marketing activity on this website. HubSpot is a software company from the USA with a subsidiary in Ireland. Contact: HubSpot 2nd Floor 30 North Wall Quay Dublin 1- Ireland Tel.: +353 1 5187500
14.1 Description and scope of data processing
This involves an integrated software solution with which we cover various aspects of our online marketing. These include, among others: email marketing (newsletters as well as automated mailings such as providing downloads), social media publishing & reporting, reporting (e.g. traffic sources, access, etc.), contact management (e.g. user segmentation & CRM), homepages and contact forms.
14.2 Purpose of data processing
We also use HubSpot’s “Messages” live chat service for sending and receiving messages on certain sub-sites to improve the user experience of our website (round chat icon on the bottom right-hand side of the screen). Upon agreeing to and using this feature, the following data will be transferred to the HubSpot server: The content of all chat messages sent and received Context information (e.g. the page on which the chat was used) Optional: Email address of the user (if provided by the user via the chat feature)
14.3 Legal basis
The legal basis for using Hubspot services is Article 6 I f DS-GDPR – legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest in using this service is to optimise our marketing measures and improve the service quality on our website. HubSpot is certified under the conditions of the “EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework” and is governed by the TRUSTe Privacy Seal as well as the “U.S. – Swiss Safe Harbor” framework. More information about
HubSpot’s privacy policy
More information about HubSpot regarding the
EU General Data Protection Regulations
More information about
the cookies used by HubSpot
If you prefer HubSpot not to collect data about you, you can deactivate the use of cookies at any time by changing your browser settings or clicking on the following opt-out link: Opt-out link.
14.4 Storage duration
Data will be stored for a maximum period of 13 months and duly deleted at your request providing no other obligations to store this data exist. “Data will be stored for a maximum period of 13 months and duly deleted at your request.
15. Offerista Engage
As “Offerista Engage”, we provide partners participating in the Google advertising network with interactive flip catalogues. When the adverts are displayed, we perform success tracking using so-called "tracking pixels" to collect the following data: – Action performed in the advert – Session ID – Server access logs with typical browser data (user agent, URL call, IP address (anonymised), referrer and time). The purpose is to display interest-based adverts via the Google advertising network on third-party websites for the purpose of generating advertising revenue. The legal basis for data processing is the consent granted by you prior to using the website into which “Offerista Engage” is incorporated, pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 b) GDPR. The data will be deleted after 24 months at the latest.
E Rights of data subjects
If your personal data is processed, you are the data subject within the meaning of the GDPR, and you have the following rights with regard to the data controller.
1. Right of access
You have the right to obtain information from the data controller about the extent to which we are processing your personal data. If processing is taking place, you can ask the data controller for the following information: (1) the purposes for which personal data is processed; (2) the categories of personal data processed; (3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your personal data has been or will be disclosed; (4) where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; (5) the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning you, the data subject, or to object to such processing; (6) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; (7) where the personal data was not collected from you, any available information as to its source; (8) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, pursuant to Art. 22 paras. 1 and 4 GDPR and meaningful information on the logic involved as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you. You also have the right to be informed whether your personal data has been transferred to a third country or to an international organization. If this is the case, you have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR relating to the transfer.
2. Right to rectification
You have a right to request the rectification and/or completion of your personal data by the data controller if the personal data being processed is incorrect or incomplete. The data controller must make the rectification without delay.
3. Right to restriction of processing
Under the following conditions, you may request the restriction of processing of your personal data: (1) if you contest the correctness of your personal data for a period of time that enables the data controller to verify the correctness of the personal data; (2) if the processing is unlawful, you decline your right to the erasure of your personal data and instead demand that the use of your personal data be restricted; (3) if the data controller no longer needs your personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or (4) if you have filed an objection to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate grounds of the data controller outweigh your own grounds. If the processing of your personal data has been restricted, such data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State. If the processing of your personal data has been restricted pursuant to the above conditions, you will be notified by the data controller before the restriction is lifted.
4. Right to erasure
4.1 Obligation to erase
You may require the data controller to promptly erase your personal data if any of the following conditions are met: (1) if your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; (2) if you revoke your consent to the processing of personal data pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) or Art. 9 para. 2 sent. 2 lit. a) GDPR and there is no other legal basis for processing; (3) if you lodge an objection to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for processing, or you lodge an objection against the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR; (4) if your personal data has been unlawfully processed; (5) if your personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the data controller is subject; (6) if your personal data was collected in relation to the information society services offered pursuant to Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR.
4.2 Information to third parties
In the event that the data controller has made your personal data public and is obliged to erase your personal data pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 of the GDPR, then the data controller will take the appropriate measures to inform other data processors involved in processing the disclosed personal data that you have requested the erasure of all links to your personal data, as well as the erasure of all copies or replications of your personal data. Such measures include measures of a technical nature, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs.
4.3 Exceptions
You do not have the right to erasure if processing of your data is necessary (1) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information; (2) to fulfil a legal obligation requiring the data to be processed under the law of the Union or the Member States to which the data controller is subject, or to perform a task in the public interest, or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller; (3) for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h) and i) and Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR; (4) for archival purposes in the public interest, for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, insofar as the law referred to in Section A is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the achievement of the objectives of such processing, or (5) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
5. Right to information
If you have asserted your right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing with regard to the data controller, the data controller shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing carried out to each recipient to whom the personal data has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. With regard to the data controller, you have a right to be informed about these recipients.
6. Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you made available to the data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transmit this data to another data controller without hindrance from the data controller to which the personal data has been provided, insofar as (1) processing is based on consent provided pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sent. 1 lit. b) GDPR, and (2) processing is carried out by automated means. Furthermore, when exercising this right, you have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one data controller to another, where technically feasible. This should not affect the rights and freedoms of other persons. The right to data portability does not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller.
7. Right to object
You shall have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6 para. 1 sent.1 lit e) or f), including profiling based on those provisions. The data controller shall no longer process your personal data unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes. You are also free to exercise your right to object to the use of the data for services provided by information societies by means of automated procedures using technical specifications.
8. Right to revoke consent under data protection law
You have the right to revoke your consent to data processing at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of processing carried out prior to the revocation on the basis of your consent.
9. Automated decision-making in individual cases including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision (1) is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the data controller, (2) is permitted by Union or Member State legislation to which the data controller is subject, and where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is made with your express consent. However, these decisions must not be based on particular categories of personal data pursuant to Art. 9 para. 1 GDPR unless Art. 9 para. 2 lit a) or g) applies, and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and/or legitimate interests. In the cases referred to in points (1) and (3), the data controller shall implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
10. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform the complainant of the status and results of the decision, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 GDPR.
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://usercentrics.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
www.usercentrics.com
Last update: March 3rd, 2025
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information.
I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE
The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the
Usercentrics GmbH
Sendlinger Straße 7
80331 Munich
Germany
E-mail:
datenschutz@usercentrics.com
| Website: www.usercentrics.com
II. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
You can contact our data protection officer under:
SECUWING GmbH & Co. KG
Maximilian Hartung
Frauentorstr. 9
86152 Augsburg
Germany
E-mail:
epost@datenschutz-agentur.de
| Phone: +49 821 90786450 | Fax: +49 821 90786459
III. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
1. Scope of processing
In principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data of our users takes place regularly only with the consent of the user. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
2. Legal basis
Insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing of personal data, Art. 6 para.1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR serves as a legal basis.
If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR is a legal basis. This also applies to processing operations required to carry out pre-contractual actions.
Insofar as processing of personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation that is subject to our company, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of our company or a third party, and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not prevail over the first interest, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.
3. Storage and deletion of your data
In principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.
For evidentiary purposes, we must retain contractual data for six years from the end of the year in which the business relationship with you ends. Any claims become statute-barred at this point at the earliest according to the statutory limitation period.
Even after this, we still have to store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so because of legal documentation obligations that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the German Fiscal Code, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified there for the retention of documents are two to ten years.
We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject. Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract.
4. Please note
Your consent data will be processed for the use of this website and the use of the implemented Consent Management Platform. We use the Google Cloud Platform, provided by Google Cloud EMEA Ltd. The servers are located in Germany and Belgium. We would like to inform you that we cannot exclude the fact that data may be transferred to the US and may be subject to access by the US security authorities in accordance with 50 U.S.C. §1881(b)(4), 50 U.S.C. §1881a (= FISA 702). In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA or other third countries, we have taken necessary measures with Google in accordance with Art. 44 et seq. GDPR. More information can be found in the Data Protection references of Google. Additionally we have taken further safety measures to ensure the security of the data.
IV. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES
1. Scope of processing
Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. This is e.g. information like
Information about the type and version of your internet browser,
The operating system of your computer or smartphone,
Your internet service provider,
Your IP address,
Date and time of your access,
Geographic location,
Websites from which you came to us,
Websites that you visit from our site.
When applicable – Referrer URL from Partner Website.
We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, we have a legitimate interest in the processing of data according to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR.
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days.
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website.
V. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS
1. Description and scope of data processing
On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. contact form, book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored.
Alternatively, a contact via e-mail address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored.
In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise.
2. Legal basis for processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general consent of the user, art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR.
3. Purpose of the data processing
The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. In the case of contact via e-mail, this also includes the required legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serve to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
4. Duration of storage
If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified.
5. Revoking consent and removal possibility
You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by e-mail, you may object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case.
VI. NEWSLETTER, PRODUCT RECOMMENDATIONS, WEBINARS,CUSTOMER SURVEYS AND PARTNER PORTAL
1. Newsletter
When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. Your e-mail address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double opt-in. Thus, you will receive an e-mail containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the e-mail address and wish to be notified via our e-mail service. You can unsubscribe from this service at any time by contacting us at
unsubcribe@usercentrics.com
or by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time.
2. Product Recommendations
You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Services, such as the implementation of additional functions, by e-mail, if you purchase the Usercentrics product. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with § 7 Para. 3 UWG, justified by our interest in sending you individual offers.
3. Webinars
Usercentrics offers from time to time webinars, to which you can sign up from our website. In these cases the data put in the sign-up form during the sign-up process will be used by Usercentrics for the purposes of the webinar and communication regarding the webinar and other relevant topics. If the webinar is organized together with a partner, then the data might be shared with them. The data is processed on the legal basis of consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the right to withdraw your consent to process your data at any time by contacting
unsubscribe@usercentrics.com
.
4. Customer Surveys
If you place an order with us, we will also use your e-mail address to send you customer and satisfaction surveys. We will use the results of the surveys to improve our products and services. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR, if you have given your consent. In some cases Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR might apply, justified by our legitimate interest in constantly improving our service.
5. Preference Management Platform
We use the Usercentrics Preference Management Platform, in order to provide you as a recipient of our newsletter and other kinds of communication the option to choose which kinds of communication you want to receive. You can change your settings and preferences at any time. By using this service your e-mail address and the preference decision will be stored. This data is used in order for us to be able to send communication based on your preferences. The above mentioned data is only processed with your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time. The data is not shared with any third parties.
6. Partner Portal
We use the Usercentrics Partner Portal as a Partner Management tool. When using the Partner Portal, the personal data of our Partners might be processed. This can include the following information: name, e-mail address, company name and information, information about signed deals (deal data, partner tier, etc.), information on the partner’s clients (including e-mail address and name), behavior in the Partner Portal, and possibly transactional information. This data is processed in order to fulfill our contractual relationship. The data is kept for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose. Data collected is not shared with third parties.
7. Support tickets
When you create a support ticket with Usercentrics, we will be process the data that you have entered into the ticket, for the purposes of evaluating and responding to your request. In this case, we use the service Zendesk provided by Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (hereinafter Zendesk) as a support system, which allows users to communicate with Usercentrics. In order to do so the data entered into the ticket will be processed (name, e-mail address, etc.) as well as the IP aAddress will be processed. The legal basis for the processing is consent (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR). When creating a ticket through Zendesk, you also accept the use of following features on Zendesk: Zendesk Advanced AI, Intelligent triage, Intelligence in the context panel, Generative AI for agents, Macro suggestions for admins, Autoreply and internal note trigger actions, and Generative AI for Help Center. You can find further information on Zendesk’s usage of AI
here
. The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection.
For more information on how data is processed by Zendesk, you can visit Zendesk’s
privacy policy
or contact Zendesk at
privacy@zendesk.com
.
VII. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS
1. Description and scope of data processing
You can become a customer or partner of Usercentrics. The following data is collected during the registration process:
your e-mail address
first name and last name
if necessary company affiliation,
payment information (possibly the company)
other data that we request from you, and
possibly data that we receive in the course of the business relationship.
2. Legal basis for processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data is in the presence of the consent of the user art. 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR and art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR, since the registration of the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
3. Purpose of the data processing
Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures.
4. Opposition and removal possibility
As a customer you always have the option to cancel your account. You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion.
5. Embedded Links
In case you sign up for our services, please note that we evaluate your user behavior when you register for our service. We record your campaign behavior. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.
The UTM parameters and other identifiers allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are:
Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website.
Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels.
Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately.
Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better.
Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video.
Coupons: identifiers added to a campaign in order to track interactions with a campaign element or apply a discount.
The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section IX. of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers.
VIII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
1. What are Cookies?
Web Browser Cookies: A web browser cookie is a small text file sent from a website to your computer or mobile device where it is stored by your web browser. Web browser cookies may store information such as your IP address or other identifier, your browser type, and information about the content you display and interact with on the digital services. By storing such information, web browser cookies can store your preferences and settings for online services and analyze how you use online services.
Tracking Technologies: Web Beacons, Pixels, Tags, Scripts.
E-mails and mobile applications can contain small, transparent image files or lines of code to record how you interact with them. This information is used to help website and app publishers better analyze and improve their services.
2. Use, legal basis and purpose
We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser be identified even after a page break. Cookies as well as the storage of data in the local storage only allow functionalities which should contribute to a positive user experience on our website. We do not use cookies with personal data without given consent.
In addition, we use cookies on our website that allow an analysis of users’ browsing behavior.
When accessing our website, the user is informed about the use of cookies for analytics purposes and his consent to the processing of the personal data used in this context is obtained.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is Article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR. The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to facilitate the use of websites for users. Some features of our website can not be offered without the use of cookies. For these, it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page break. We require cookies for the following applications: acceptance of language settings. The user data collected through technically necessary cookies will not be used to create user profiles.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analytics purposes is the consent of the user Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. The use of the analytics cookies is for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents. Through the analytics cookies, we learn how the website is used and so we can constantly optimize our offer.
3. Duration of storage, objection and disposal options
Cookies are stored on the computer of the user and transmitted to our side. Therefore, as a user, you have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to use all the functions of the website to the full.
4. Recipients of data
We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data.
In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to service providers, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us.
In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand.
If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so.
If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection.
IX. IMPLEMENTED TECHNOLOGIES
1. Third Party Technologies used on Website
Zapier
We are using the service Zapier as workflow automation software. The service is provided by Zapier Inc., 548 Market St., # 62411, San Francisco, California 94104, United States of America. This service is used to transfer information entered into forms on our website to our systems. Additionally, information like IP Address might be processed through the service. Legal basis for the usage of this service is legitimate interest, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f GDPR, as the service is required to transfer the input to our internal systems. The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for its collection. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider.
For more information on how data is processed by Zapier, you can visit Zapier’s
privacy policy
or contact Zapier at
privacy@zapier.com
.
LinkedIn Leads
We are using the service provided by LinkedIn Leads for lead generation. When signing up for Usercentrics events or content on LinkedIn, we will process your data. The email address will be used for sending the resources, and for direct advertising and contact initiation in the context of the products and services we offer. The data is also shared with Google Ads for the purpose of retargeting. Additionally, the data will be shared with Expandi.io (ProfitSoft B.V., Meerenakkerplein 51, Eindhoven, 5652BJ, the Netherlands), for the automation of communication and interaction on LinkedIn . You can find further information
here
.
The collection of the data does not take place on the Usercentrics website, but on the sign-up forms on LinkedIn. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time.
Personio
We are using the service Personio as applicant management software. The service is provided by Personio GmbH, Rundfunkplatz 4, 80335 Munich, Germany. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. The data will be stored for a period of 60 days after the application process has been concluded. For further information on how data is processed by Personio, you can visit Personio’s
privacy policy
or contact Personio at privacy@personio.com.
Storylane
We are using the service provided by Storylane Inc. as an interactive demo platform. The service is provided by Storylane Inc., 2261 Market Street #4813, San Francisco, CA 94114, United States of America. The service is used as an interactive demo platform, in order to provide demo’s on the website, which users can use to guide themselves through the product demo. When using this service, data like the IP Address, might be processed. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider.
For more information on how data is processed by Storylane, you can visit Storylane’s
privacy policy
or contact Storylane at
privacy@storylane.io
.
Zoom
We are using the service provided by Zoom as a video conferencing service. The service is provided by Zoom Video Communications Inc., 55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Jose, CA 95113, United States of America. The service is used as a video conferencing service in order to host webinars and other types of video conferences. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider and the provider is included in the
Data Privacy Framework List
.
For more information on how data is processed by Zoom, you can visit Zoom’s
privacy policy
or contact Zoom at privacy@zoom.us.
SayMine Technologies
We use the service MineOS provided by SayMine Technologies Ltd., Alon 1 Tower, 94 Yigal Alon St, Tel Aviv-Yafo, 6789139, Israel (hereinafter SayMine) in order to provide a data privacy request management tool. In order to do so the name, email address and other data shared by the requester may be processed. The legal basis for the processing is legal obligation (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c GDPR), as the service is used in order to fulfill the legal obligations of responding to requests for exercising the data subjects’ rights under the GDPR. The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection.
For more information on how data is processed by SayMine, you can visit SayMine’s
privacy policy
or contact SayMine at
portal@saymine.com
.
Stripe
We are using the service provided by Stripe as an online payment system. The service is provided by Stripe, Inc., 3180 18th Street, San Francisco, CA 94110, United States of America. The service is used in order to enable the payment process on the website. Legal basis is performance of a contract, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR, as this service is required in order to be able to finalize the purchase process. When using this service data, like the payment information (including payment card information), purchase information, as well as IP Address, might be processed. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider and the provider is included in the
Data Privacy Framework List
.
For more information on how data is processed by Stripe, you can visit Stripe’s
privacy policy
or contact Stripe at
privacy@stripe.com
.
Chili Piper
We are using the service provided by Chili Piper as a booking and meeting platform, in order to provide our users the ability to schedule meetings with our teams, as well as for video conferencing. The service is provided by Chili Piper, Inc., 228 Park Ave. S., #78136, New York, New York 10003-1502, United States of America. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. When using this service data, such as meeting date, time and title, guest list, first name, last name, and e-mail address might be processed. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have agreed on standard contractual clauses with the service provider.
For more information on how data is processed by Chili Piper, you can visit Chili Piper’s
privacy policy
or contact Chili Piper at
support@chilipiper.com
.
Pardot
We are using the service provided by Pardot as customer relationship management software, in order to manage marketing automation and lead generation. The service is provided by Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37, 80636 Munich, Germany. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. When using this service, data such as first and last name, contact information, e-mail address, company information, as well as IP Address might be processed.
For more information on how data is processed by Pardot, you can visit Pardot’s
privacy policy
or contact Pardot at
privacy@salesforce.com
.
Google Customer Match
We use Google Customer Match for marketing and retargeting purposes. This service is provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland. When using this service, data, such as first and last name, as well as e-mail address, will be processed. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider and the provider is included in the
Data Privacy Framework List
. For more information on how data is processed by Google, you can visit Google’s
privacy policy
.
Meta Custom Audiences
We use Meta Custom Audiences for marketing and retargeting purposes. This service is provided by Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland. When using this service, data, such as first and last name, as well as e-mail address, might be processed. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider and the provider is included in the
Data Privacy Framework List
. For more information on how data is processed by Meta, you can visit Meta’s
privacy policy
.
LinkedIn Matched Audiences
We use LinkedIn Matched Audiences for marketing and retargeting purposes. This service is provided by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. When using this service, data, such as first and last name, as well as e-mail address, might be processed. The legal basis is consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time. This service might transfer data outside of the EU/EEA. For that case we have signed standard contractual clauses with the service provider and the provider is included in the
Data Privacy Framework List
. For more information on how data is processed by LinkedIn, you can visit LinkedIn’s
privacy policy
.
2. Recipients of data
Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties or processors that assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need to know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential.
We will also share data among the Usercentrics entities (Usercentrics A/S, Usercentrics GmbH, Cybot A/S (including CYBOT A/S, odštěpný závod office in Prague), Usercentrics Unipessoal, Usercentrics Inc.), here also including sharing data among Cookiebot™ and Usercentrics products when needed. All the entities may have access to personally identifiable information on a need to know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential (joint controller agreement).
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data.
In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our websites and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us.
In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand.
If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so.
If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing, and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection.
Matomo Opt-Out
X. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE
In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA.
The California privacy laws provide residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the consumers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law.
1. Your rights under California Privacy Law
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”)
You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including:
The categories of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information
The categories of third parties to whom the personal information is shared
The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by law
Right To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”)
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request
and verify your identity
, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”)
You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page.
Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use.
2. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct
You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@usercentrics.com. We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements.
Response Timing and Format
Usercentrics endeavors to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request.
3. Children Under the Age of 16
Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also does not sell or share personal information, including personal information, of children under the age of 16.
XI. MINORS
Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information. If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics personal information, please contact us at
datenschutz@usercentrics.com
and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 16 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at
datenschutz@usercentrics.com.
XII. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS
We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services.
The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites.
As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a and b, in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object.
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences:
Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Operation of the Facebook fan page in joint responsibility on the basis of
an agreement on joint processing of personal data
(so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller).
Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads and http://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Privacy policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Opt-out:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland).
Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of
an agreement on joint processing of personal data
(so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum).
Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
Google my business
We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”).
We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services. The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy:
Google privacy policy
We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts.
If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to.
We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website.
XIII. DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES
As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art. 45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers according to Art. 44 et seq. GDPR. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations.
If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed.
XIV. THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites.
XV. YOUR RIGHTS
If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us:
Right to information (Article 15 GDPR, § 34 BDSG)
Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR, § 35 BDSG)
Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR, Section 34 BDSG)
Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR)
Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR)
Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR).
In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “
Name of the person responsible
“.
You also have the right to complain to the data protection supervisory authority responsible for us. You can contact the data protection authority in your place of residence, which will then forward your request to the competent authority.
XVI. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA
Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner.
XVII. UPDATES
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated.
Click
here
to see the previous Privacy Policy valid until March 2nd 2025.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.wbs-law.de/eng/practice-areas/internet-law/it-law/:
Skip to main content
Soforthilfe vom Anwalt: Jetzt Kontakt aufnehmen
Seite nicht gefunden
Suchen