Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Intercom
2
Learn more about this provider
intercom-id-#
Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
intercom-session-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Intercom
1
Learn more about this provider
intercom-device-id-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
js.intercomcdn.com
polymail.io
2
intercom.intercom-state-# [x2]
Remembers whether the user has minimized or closed chat-box or pop-up messages on the website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
LinkedIn
3
Learn more about this provider
collect/
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
welovepg.polymail.io
1
v1/z/x
Pending
Cross-domain consent
1
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
polymail.io
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/24/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Download Polymail!
Get Polymail for iOS or Mac to get started!
Download for iOS
Download for Mac
← Go back
🎉 Congrats,
Your
friend
sent you $10! Send a message with Polymail to claim your gift!
🎉 Welcome, HN reader, get your half off discount by signing up with
this link
using promo HNIFYPOLYMAIL
Product
Pricing
Download
Sign In
Free Trial
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Effective:
March 26, 2020
INTRODUCTION
Great Pacific Explorations Co. (“Polymail,”
              “We,” or “Us”) and its affiliates operate
              the Polymail website and system, an all-in-one email platform for
              sales outreach, tracking, and automation, in a system that
              provides real-time insights on messages, outreach automation, and
              instant meeting scheduling. The Polymail system is designed to
              help sales teams reach, engage, and track prospects more
              effectively with email.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to your access
              and use of https://polymail.io/ (the “Site”) and the
              software and services available on the Site or offered by us or
              our subsidiaries (the “Company Services” or the
              “Services”).
We also have particular policies that will apply to Personal Data
              transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States.
We will make references
to you throughout this Policy as “You,” or the
              “User.” This Policy expressly discloses: (i) the types
              of personal or non-Personal Data collected as a result of your use
              of the Site and the Services; (ii) how such data is used and
              stored; and (iii) your choices and options regarding sharing and
              use of your data.
We take your privacy seriously. If you have any questions about
              this Policy or about privacy at Company, please contact us at
              privacy@polymail.io.
Who Do We Collect Data From?
We collect data from three groups of people:
Visitors:
People who visit our website and who may request information
              about our Services
Users:
Users are customers that pay to use our Services
Contacts:
a Contact is a person a User may contact through our
              Services from a distribution list or database maintained and
              operated by a User (“Data Contact List”).
This policy covers how Polymail handles Personal Data.
               “Personal Data” means any information relating
              to an identified or identifiable natural person. It can be names,
              e-mail addresses, age, location, whether user is outside the
              United States, education, or even an IP address.
Privacy Principles
We understand email communications can be both informative and
              intrusive, so we take privacy very seriously.  That’s
              why we adhere to the US-EU and US-Swiss Privacy Shield Framework
              Principles:
Notice –
We tell you what information we collect, how we use it, how our
                Users use it and when and how we share it.
Choice –
We will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out)
                whether their Personal Data is (a) to be disclosed to a third
                party (other than our third party processors), or (b) to be used
                for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally
                collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
Accountability for Onward Transfers
.  We take steps to gain assurances from our processors
                that they will safeguard Personal Data consistent with this
                policy and take steps against to stop disclosure in violation of
                this policy.
Security.
We will take reasonable precautions to protect Personal Data in
                our possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access,
                disclosure, alteration and destruction
.
Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation.
We will use Personal Data only in ways that are compatible with
                the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently
                authorized by the individual. We will take reasonable steps to
                ensure that Personal Data is relevant to its intended use,
                accurate, complete, and current.
Access.
Upon request, we will grant individuals reasonable access to
                Personal Data that we hold about them, and we will take
                reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or
                delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or
                incomplete.
Resource, Enforcement And Liability.
We will conduct compliance audits of our relevant privacy
                practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that
                we determine is in violation of this Policy will be subject to
                disciplinary action up to and including termination of
                employment.  We also have procedures for dispute resolution
                and binding arbitration in certain cases where a data subject
                believes that we have not complied with the law with respect to
                the application of our privacy policy.
How Do We Collect Personal Data?
We collect information in two ways
Information you give us.
In connection with your use of certain features of the
                Service, we may ask for Personal Data, like your name, email
                address, telephone number or credit card. If you elect to use
                our Salesforce integration service, we will have access to all
                of your Salesforce data (including leads, contacts, accounts,
                tasks, activity, user, and schema data).
Information we get from your use of the Service.
We collect information about the features on the Service
                that you use and how you use them and if you receive
                communications, we receive information on what you do with the
                communications.
What Data Do We Collect?
For Contacts.
Contact Personal Data:
Users transmit names, and email addresses into our system from
              their Data Contact Lists.
Contact Tracking Information: Through our Service we can monitor
              Contact behavior regarding our emails such as who opened them,
              forwarded them, what links they click on and attachments they
              download.  We also assist User in calendaring events with
              Contacts who have chosen to consent to such meetings.
------
The function of tracking an email is performed by embedding a
              tracking pixel in the sent email and detecting when a network
              request has been made to load that pixel.
Click throughs can be tracked by proxying sent links through
              Polymail’s servers, such that our Service is able to detect
              when a sent link has been clicked.
Polymail Users may also choose to track when files attachments
              included in their sent emails have been downloaded. This is
              performed by uploading file attachments to Polymail’s
              servers and embedding a link to download that file in the
              User’s email. This allows our service to detect when a
              request has been made to download a sent file
---------
For Users
.
User Personal Data. We collect Personal Data from users of our
              Services such as: names, e-mail addresses, age, location, whether
              user is outside the United States, and IP address. We collect
              payment information and discounts/coupon information to pay for
              the Services. We also collect the content you provide for your
              communications such as graphics, text and links that you write,
              upload, store and send.
Your Contact Data Lists:
User Tracking Information:  We also collect information that
              on its own is not Personal Data, but when combined with your
              Personal Data, could become Personal Data.
---------
Device Information
. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware
                model, operating system version, unique device identifiers and
                mobile network information including phone number).
Log information.
When you use our Application, we automatically collect and
                store certain information in server logs. This includes:
details of how you used our Application, such as your search
                queries.
Internet protocol address.
device event information such as crashes, system activity,
                hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and
                time of your request and referral URL.
cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your
                account.
Location information.
In connection with your use of certain features on the
                Application, we may collect and process information about your
                actual location, IP address or other similar items.  We use
                various technologies to determine location, including IP
                address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide
                us with information on nearby devices.
Information regarding contacts
.  We or our third-party partners will obtain and store
                information about your contacts and other people that you e-mail
                or that e-mail you.  We will use this information to
                enhance the Service.
Calendars
.  For calendar features, we will receive and store a list
                of your calendars and calendar events for each of those
                calendars.
Sent Mail
.  One of our features is e-mail tracking, which allows
                you to see the status of sent e-mails without any notification
                to (or need for click-through by) the recipient.  We need
                to collect and track information about your sent e-mail and your
                recipient's actions with respect to such e-mail in order for
                you to use this feature. Also, if you choose to make use of our
                recipient tracking, link-tracking, or attachment-tracking
                service, we will store the subject for the messages and we will
                host the attachment on our servers.
Shared Message Templates
.  One of our features allows users on a Polymail Pro team
                to share their Message Templates with the other members of their
                team. Once shared, any member of such user's team may use or
                edit those Message Templates. Further, if a user leaves a
                Polymail Pro team (or ceases to use our Service for any reason),
                any Message Templates that have been shared will remain with
                that Polymail Pro team.
Local storage; cache.
We may collect and store information (including Personal Data)
                locally on your device. We also cache message content for up to
                14 days since last access. Attachments are proxied through our
                servers for download and display, but not cached. Remote image
                content is proxied through our servers for enhanced privacy and
                security, and may be cached according to the origin's cache
                policy headers.
Indexing.
We may index your messages to provide better service to you.
                This index includes the date a message was received, folder, to,
                cc, bcc, from, subject, reply to, message ID headers, whether
                the message has attachments, attachment headers (including
                filename, size, content ID, content disposition, encoding and
                file type) and a blurb or snippet of the actual message.
-
---------
Beacons (also known as Web bugs, pixel tags, or clear
              GIF’s.
When a User visits the Site’s homepage, we utilize an
              electronic file, called a web beacon, to count users that have
              visited the Site. Beacons are tiny graphics with a unique
              identifier that may be included on our Site Services for several
              purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to
              track and measure the performance of the Services, to monitor how
              many visitors view our Site. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on
              the user's device, Web Beacons are typically embedded
              invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail). Our use of web beacons
              is internal.
Cookies
We and our partners use various technologies to collect and store
              information when you use our Application, and this may include
              sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your
              device. When you visit our Site we use cookies, or similar
              technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons, to record log
              data.  We use both session-based and persistent cookies.
               Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open
              and are automatically deleted when you close your browser.
               Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete
              them or until they expire.  They are unique and allow us to
              do site analytics and customization, among other similar things.
               If you access our Site through your browser, you can manage
              your cookie settings.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies
              to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our
              Service and for any other lawful purpose that we choose.
For more information, please check out our
Cookie Policy
How Do We Use Your Data?
In general, we may use the information we collect from our
              Application and the Site to provide services to you, and to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve the Service;
Provide to you and communicate with you about your use of the
                Application or requests;
Protect our interests, or the interests of this parties; and
Perform any function we describe when you provide the
                information.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies
              to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our
              Service and for any other lawful purpose that we choose.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a
              purpose other than those set out in this Policy. We will not sell,
              rent, or share Personal Data with third parties outside of our
              company without your consent, except in the following ways
:
Law Enforcement and Internal Operations
Personal Data may be provided where we are required to do so by
              law, or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably
              necessary (i) to respond to claims asserted against
Polymail or to comply with the legal process (for example,
              discovery requests, subpoenas or warrants); (ii) to enforce or
              administer our policies and agreements with users; (iii) for fraud
              prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support,
              product development and de-bugging purposes; or (iv) to protect
              the rights, property or safety of
Polymail, its users or members of the general public.  We
              will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify users about law
              enforcement or court ordered requests for data unless otherwise
              prohibited by law.  However, nothing in this Privacy Policy
              is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may
              have to any third-party request to compel disclosure of your
              information.
Business Transfer
Polymail may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its
              assets, including your Personal Data, in connection with a merger,
              acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of
              bankruptcy.  Under such circumstances,
Polymail will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify its
              users if their Personal Data is to be disclosed or transferred
              and/or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Third-Parties
We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to
              perform functions or services on our behalf, such as software
              maintenance, data hosting, sending email messages, etc.  We
              necessarily have to share your Personal Data with such
              third-parties as may be required to perform their functions.
               We take steps to ensure that these parties take protecting
              your privacy as seriously as we do, including entering into Data
              Processing Addendum(s), EU Model Clauses and/or ensuring these
              third-parties have EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
              certification.
Third Party Service Providers
The following third-party processors collect personal data on our
              behalf and transmit it to us.
We use
Intercom
in connection with our to store and track usage statistics,
              support conversations and contact information such as name and
              email in connection with those support live chat conversations.
              Intercom is used for customer support purposes.  In
              particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such
              as sign-up date and some Personal Data like your email address) to
              Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”) and utilize Intercom to
              collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or
              use our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf,
              Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and
              tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies
              so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on
              Intercom's use of cookies, please visit
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#cookie-policy
. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either
              through email, or through messages within our product(s).  As
              part of our service agreements, Intercom collects publicly
              available contact and social information related to you, such as
              your email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website
              URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance
              your user experience.  Processing takes place in the United
              States.  Intercom is self-certified under the US-EU Privacy
              Shield and we have entered into a Data Processing Addendum with
              them. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom,
              please visit their
privacy policy
.  Intercom’s services are governed by
              Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at https:
//www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#terms
.
Stripe.
We utilize Stripe as a payment gateway for payments. Data
              Processing takes place in the United States and Stripe is
              self-certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield.
              Users should review
Stripe’s Security Policy
before initiating transactions on the Site.
In addition, the following Third Parties collect Personal Data
              from sources other than the data subject in order to obtain the
              names, titles and employers for sales leads for direct marketing
              opportunities for us and/or asking for consent.
Clearbit
:
Claim your Information
or mail to Data Protection Officer
90 Sheridan St.,
San Francisco, California, 94103
LinkedIn
:
Data Protection Officer
ZoomInfo
: Email DPO at
remove@
zoominfo
.com
How is My Data Protected?
We take the security of your Personal Data very seriously and
              have implemented policies and procedures, including technical
              measures, that are designed to help safeguard it. While we strive
              to use best practices to protect your Personal Data, the Internet
              and computer technology are not 100% secure and we cannot
              absolutely ensure the security of any Personal Data that you
              provide to us.
In line with this philosophy, we try to get as little information
              from you as possible. While we know your e-mail addresses and
              accounts, we do not know or collect the passwords for those
              accounts and you should continue to keep those passwords separate
              from your Polymail password. We use OAuth (wherever possible)
              which gives us access to your data without letting us know your
              password.
--------
Other than in rare instances and as described in the Privacy
              Policy, we do not store your e-mail or your Contact email
              addresses on our servers (they remain on the e-mail accounts that
              you link to your Polymail account). We have copies of your drafts
              on our servers, but they are immediately deleted once you
              successfully send the e-mail or delete the draft.  If
              you would like more information about how we access and interact
              with your e-mail accounts, please contact us at the e-mail listed
              below.
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and
              physical security measures to protect your Personal Data against
              unauthorized access, destruction or alteration. For example:
Data encryption through SSL.
Authentication for all data access.
Password manager for third-party vendor accounts.
Notification of designated officials at third parties (for
                example, a third party Security Administrator) when subject
                agreements are modified or terminated.
Non-disclosure and confidentiality obligations, restricting or
                controlling access to and use of sensitive data are
                contractually established with third party vendors.
Password protection on your account.
Data is kept on secure, encrypted servers, located in the
                US.
We do not use public communication channels.
Restricting staff access to Personal Data to authorized
                personnel, generally members of our sales team, support, and
                engineering with two factor authentications.
Access authorizations revoked in a timely manner with employees
                that change job functions or leave Polymail.
Tokenized payment processes so that we do not store your credit
                card information.
Regular staff privacy and security training
We use authentication for all data access, including a password
              manager that generates and stores unique passwords for every
              third-party vendor. We do not use any public communication
              channels.
Access to Data is limited to authorized personnel only. Sensitive
              Data information is restricted. Access to sensitive data is
              accountable to specific individuals, so that we may maintain
              better control over access and accountability for misuse.
              Additionally, as regards billing and payment Data, no credit card
              or payment information is handled in the sales process. Only
              individuals who are required to handle Stripe data have Stripe
              access. Access to sensitive data is promptly revokes from any
              employee who changes job functions or leaves Polymail. Where third
              parties are given access to data (see “Tracking Data”
              section), responsible officials (such as, for example, the third
              party’s Security Administrator) are notified when the
              agreement is modified or terminated.
However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we
              cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we
              store, process or transmit.
For more information, see our
security whitepaper here.
Payments Encryption:
Polymail utilizes only PCI-DSS compliant third-party payment
              processors to ensure the security of your Personal Data via
              Stripe
.
-------------
Your Choices and Data Subject Rights
Exercising Contact Data Subject Rights.
Users have a great deal of control over what information they
              collect from the Service. They can choose content, who to send
              emails to and what information monitor from Contact behavior
              regarding our emails including who opened them, forwarded them,
              what links they click on and attachments they download.  As
              such, the User is the Controller of the information.  If you
              are a Contact and you wish to remove yourself from the lists of
              the User, you can follow the unsubscribe links at the bottom of
              each email.  For all other data subject rights for
              California, United Kingdom European Economic Area and Swiss
              residents, please contact the User directly at the contact
              information that is required to be in every communication a User
              sends.  We also provide the following options for California,
              United Kingdom European Economic Area and Swiss resident Users:
Right to Review and Rectify Your Personal Data
Users can access basic account information from the Polymail app,
              from within Settings. You can update most of your Personal Data by
              logging on to your account, including User name, email
              address(es), company (or team) name, and billing information.
              Users are required to login using an email and password
              combination to access their Polymail account and any associated
              information. When changes are made in the use of personally
              identifiable information, such as changes to Polymail’s
              Privacy Policy or Terms of Service, Users are notified by
              email.
If additional assistance is required to change or delete
              inaccuracies within your Personal Data or would like to know what
              information about you was collected, please contact us
              at privacy@polymail.io. We reserve the right to charge for
              copies of data requested.
Right to Remove or Withdraw Consent
You have the right to withdraw consent where such consent is
              required to share or use data and you may request that we delete
              your Personal Data.  If you receive communications from us
              and no longer wish to receive them, please follow the removal
              instructions in the email or change your account settings.
               You can delete your Personal Data by logging into your
              account and deleting your account.  However, since your
              Personal Data is required for us to provide the Services to you,
              deleting it will also terminate your access to the services.
               Deleting your Personal Data does not mean that all of it
              will be removed.  We take steps to delete Personal Data that
              is no longer necessary in relation to provide the Services by
              deleting it within 90 days of you terminating your account or if
              the account remains unused for more than one (1) year.  We
              may be required by law, to retain it to exercise or defend legal
              claims, or contractual obligations with our customers to retain
              some information in connection with our obligation to provide the
              Services.  We may de-identify and anonymize some data for
              purposes of retaining it.
Data Portability
If you would like us to transmit your Personal Data to another
              company providing similar services, we will work with them to do
              so upon request and verification of such request with both the
              requestor and the company receiving the Personal Data.
Right to Redress
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United
              Kingdom and you believe we have violated any data protection laws
              please contact us immediately at
privacy@polymail.io
.  We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and
              disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in
              accordance with the principles contained in this Policy within
              forty-five (45) days of receiving a complaint. For complaints that
              cannot be resolved between us and the complainant, we have agreed
              to participate in the dispute resolution procedures pursuant to
              the Privacy Shield Principles, which includes dispute resolution
              through means such as FTC enforcement, alternative dispute
              resolution process and binding arbitration.
We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints
              under the EU- Privacy Shield Principles JAMS, Inc., a non-profit
              alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United
              States. Click on
this link
to file an EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Claim with
              JAMS
.
We try to minimize disclosures of personal data as reasonably
              practical because we are mindful of our responsibility and
              potential liability in cases of onward transfers to third
              parties.
Please be advised that individuals may have the option to seek
              binding arbitration to resolve disputes regarding our privacy and
              data protection practices.
An individual who decides to invoke this arbitration option must
              take the following steps prior to initiating an arbitration claim:
              (1) raise the claimed violation directly with the organization and
              afford the organization an opportunity to resolve the issue within
              the timeframe set forth in Section III.11(d)(i) of the Principles
              (2) make use of the independent recourse mechanism under the
              Principles, which is at no cost to the individual; and (3) raise
              the issue through their Data Protection Authority to the
              Department of Commerce and afford the Department of Commerce an
              opportunity to use best efforts to resolve the issue within the
              timeframes set forth in the Letter from the International Trade
              Administration of the Department of Commerce, at no cost to the
              individual.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
              Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).  Should an
              individual be unable to resolve a complaint with us, they may
              contact the FTC at the following address:
Federal Trade Commission
Attn: Consumer Response Center
600
              Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.ftc.gov
European Economic Area subjects may also have the right to file
              complaints with the Data Protection Authorities located in the
              jurisdiction they are located in.
Processing Contact data for Customers
Our Services may involve the processing of Personal Data on
              behalf of our customers.  When we do so, we are acting as
              processors for the controllers of such data.  As such, we
              take steps to ensure that Personal Data that is subject to GDPR is
              processed in accordance with controller instructions and GDPR;
              such as entering into a Data Processing Addendum incorporating EU
              Standard Contractual Clauses governing the processing,
              transmission and use of such End User Personal Data.  If you
              wish to exercise your data subject rights to review, rectify,
              delete or port your End User Personal Data, please contact the
              controller to make such request.  If you make the request to
              us, we will work with the controller to process and evaluate such
              request to confirm whether deletion is required by GDPR.
Transnational Transfer of Data
If you are providing your Personal Data to us directly to use our
              Services, we will transmit your data, including your Personal
              Data, to the United States in order to fulfill our contractual
              obligations to you.
US-EU and US-Swiss Privacy Shield Certification
The United States Department of Commerce has worked with the
              European Commission to develop the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy
              Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) to allow U.S.
              companies to meet the European Union (“EU”) law
              requirements that Personal Data transferred from the EU to the
              United States be adequately protected. Polymail complies with the
              EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
              Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce
              regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal
              information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to
              the United States. Consistent with its pledge to protect personal
              privacy Polymail has certified to the Department of Commerce that
              it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any
              conflict between the terms in this privacy policy
              (“Policy”) and the Privacy Shield Principles, the
              Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the
              Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please
              visit
https://www.privacyshield.gov
.
-----------------
Scope
This Policy applies to all Personal Data received by us in the
              United States from the EU and/or other applicable countries,
              recorded in any form (including electronic, paper or
              verbal).
Definitions
The following definitions shall apply throughout this
              Policy:
·     "Agent" means any
              third party that uses Personal Data provided to us to perform
              tasks on behalf of and under the instructions of us.
·     "Personal Data”
              means Information or a set of information that identifies or could
              reasonably be ascribed to or be used by or on behalf of us to
              identify an individual or household. Personal Data does not
              include information that is encoded, anonymous, aggregated or
              publicly available information that has not been combined with
              non-public Personal Data.
·     "Sensitive Personal
              Data" means Personal Data that reveals racial, ethnic origin,
              political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade
              union membership or information that specifies the health or sex
              life of the individual. In addition, we will treat any information
              as Sensitive Personal Data which received from a third party where
              that third party treats and identifies the information as
              sensitive.
Privacy Principles
The privacy principles in this Policy are based on the Privacy
              Shield Principles and the EU General Data Protection
              Directive 95/46/EC, on the protection of individuals with
              regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement
              of such data.
1.     Notice
When we collect Personal Data directly from individuals in the EU
              and/or other applicable countries, we will inform them about the
              purposes for which we collect and use their Personal Data, the
              types of third parties (other than Agents), if any, to which we
              disclose that information, and the choices and means, if any, that
              we offer individuals for limiting the use and disclosure of their
              Personal Data. Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous
              language when individuals are first asked to provide Personal Data
              to us, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and in any event
              before we use the information for a purpose other than that for
              which it was originally collected. If we receive Personal Data
              from our affiliates or other entities in the EU and other
              countries with which we do business, we will use such information
              in accordance with the notices such entities provided and the
              choices made by the individuals to whom such Personal Data
              relates.
2.     Choice
We will offer individuals the opportunity to choose (opt-out)
              whether their Personal Data is (a) to be disclosed to a third
              party (other than an Agent), or (b) to be used for a purpose other
              than the purpose for which it was originally collected or
              subsequently authorized by the individual.
For Sensitive Personal Data, we will give individuals the
              opportunity to affirmatively and explicitly (opt-in) consent to
              (a) the disclosure of the information to a third party, or (b) the
              use of the information for a purpose other than the purpose for
              which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by
              the individual. We will provide individuals with reasonable
              methods to exercise their choices. We may disclose Personal Data
              to third parties in the following instances:
Website Consultants and Service Providers
. We may disclose Personal Data to third party consultants and
              service providers (such as providers of hosting services, support,
              maintenance and remedial and repair services) to the extent that
              they require access to our databases, or the information contained
              in our databases, to service us and our customers under the
              conditions set out in the Privacy Shield Principles.
Enforcement of Rights / Security.
We reserve the right to release Personal Data (i) when we
              are under legal compulsion to do so (e.g. we have received a
              subpoena) or we otherwise believe that the law requires us to do
              so, (ii) when we believe it is necessary to protect and/or enforce
              the rights, property interests, or safety of us, our customers or
              others, or (iii) as we deem necessary to resolve disputes,
              troubleshoot problems, prevent fraud and/or enforce the Privacy
              Shield Principles.
Reorganization or Sale.
In the event that our company is merged with or becomes
              part of another organization, or in the event that our company is
              sold or it sells all or substantially all of its assets or is
              otherwise reorganized, the information you provide may be one of
              the transferred assets to the acquiring or reorganized
              entity.
As Otherwise Allowed by Law.
We may transfer Personal Data to third parties where we are
              expressly authorized by applicable law and the Privacy Shield
              Principles to do so.  We also may be required to disclose an
              individual's Personal Data in response to a lawful request by
              public authorities, including meeting national security or law
              enforcement requirements.
3.     Accountability For Onward
              Transfers
We will obtain assurances from our Agents that they will
              safeguard Personal Data consistently with this policy. If we have
              knowledge that an Agent is using or disclosing Personal Data in a
              manner contrary to this policy, we will take reasonable steps to
              prevent or stop the use or disclosure.
We try to minimize disclosures of personal data as reasonably
              practical because we are mindful of our responsibility and
              potential liability in cases of onward transfers to third
              parties.
4.     Security
We will take reasonable precautions to protect Personal Data in
              our possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access,
              disclosure, alteration and destruction.
5.     Data Integrity & Purpose
              Limitation
We will use Personal Data only in ways that are compatible with
              the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized
              by the individual. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that
              Personal Data is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete,
              and current.
6.     Access
Upon request, we will grant individuals reasonable access to
              Personal Data that we hold about them, and we will take reasonable
              steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete
              information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or
              incomplete.
7.     Resource, Enforcement And
              Liability
We will conduct compliance audits of our relevant privacy
              practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that we
              determine is in violation of this Policy will be subject to
              disciplinary action up to and including termination of
              employment.
------------------------
EU-US and EU-Swiss Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution and
              Enforcement
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of
              Personal Data should be directed to us at the address given below.
              We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes
              regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with
              the principles contained in this Policy within forty-five (45)
              days of receiving a complaint. For complaints that cannot be
              resolved between us and the complainant, we have agreed to
              participate in the dispute resolution procedures pursuant to the
              Privacy Shield Principles.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the
              Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”).  Should an
              individual be unable to resolve a complaint with us, they may
              contact the FTC at the following address:
Federal Trade Commission
Attn: Consumer Response Center
600
              Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20580
www.ftc.gov
We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints
              under the EU- Privacy Shield Principles JAMS, Inc., a non-profit
              alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United
              States. Click on
this link
to file an EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Claim with
              JAMS
.
Contact Information
Questions or comments regarding this Policy should be submitted
              to us by mail or e-mail as follows:
Great Pacific Explorations Co.
Attn: Polymail
5940 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 400 #96627
Las Vegas, NV  89118-2507
privacy@polymail.io
Changes to Personal Data Protection Policy
This Policy may be amended from time to time, consistent with the
              requirements of the EU General Data Protection Directive and/or
              Privacy Shield Principles. We will provide appropriate public
              notice about such amendments.
Third Party Websites
We may link to other websites.  When you click on one of
              these links, you are ‘clicking’ to another website.
Polymail does not control the data collection or privacy
              practices of such third-party sites.  We encourage you to
              read the privacy policies of any third-party sites, as their
              collection, use and storage practices, and policies may differ
              from ours.
Minors Under 16 Years of Age
Polymail does not knowingly collect or store any Personal Data
              from or about children under the age of 16.
If you believe a child under the age of 16 has under any
              circumstances provided us with Personal Data and data, a parent or
              legal guardian can email us at
privacy@polymail.io
to request that their children’s information be
              deleted from our records.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track” or DNT is a feature enabled on some browsers
              that sends a signal to request that a web application disable its
              tracking or cross-site user tracking.  At present, our Site
              does not respond to or alter its practices when a DNT signal is
              received.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Polymail reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any
              time. If
Polymail makes material changes to its Privacy Policy, we will
              notify you by (1) changing the Effective Date on our Privacy
              Policy and provide additional notification either (1) via email or
              other means as we may deem commercially reasonable.
Questions?
If you ever have any questions about our online Privacy Policy,
              please contact us.  We respect your rights and privacy, and
              will be happy to answer any questions or concerns you might have.
              You may direct any such questions to us via email at
privacy@polymail.io
.
NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the
              sale of “personally identifiable information” for
              monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or
              sell such information to additional persons. “Personally
              identifiable information” includes first and last name,
              address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or
              an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either
              physically or online.
We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada
              resident who has purchased or leased goods or services from us,
              you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales
              under Nevada law by email to:
privacy@polymail.io
.  Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your
              identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we
              will maintain your request in the event our practices
              change.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This section solely applies to California residents.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides
              consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Data
               (or “Personal Information” as defined in CCPA).
               CCPA offers certain rights and protections to California
              residents.
You have the right to request that about their collection and
                use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months
You can request that we to delete Personal Data collected from
                them (with some limited exceptions).
Some of our Users may “sell” Personal Data of their
                Contacts. If the User is a business and “sells”
                Personal Data, you have a right to opt-out of that sale.
Businesses, including Polymail, cannot discriminate against
                consumers for exercising a CCPA right, but may offer financial
                incentives to their consumers to do so in certain circumstances.
Polymail is a
“service provider”
under CCPA
Processing and collection of any consumer Personal Data is done
                on behalf of and at the direction of our Users.
Please direct any requests for access or deletion of your
                Personal Data under the CCPA to the Member with whom you have a
                direct relationship.
However, to the extent required by CCPA and its implementing
                regulations, if you choose to exercise your applicable CCPA
                rights, we will respond to and comply with requests sent to
                privacy@polymail.io subject to verification of identity.
We do not believe that we “sell” our User or Visitor
              Personal Data, but to the extent we sell consumer data not
              otherwise bound by our obligations as a Service Provider to Users,
              You have the right to exercise your opt-out right at any time by
              emailing us at privacy@polymail.io. Alternatively, you may contact
              us using the toll free phone number or ‘contact us’
              link located on the homepage for the products or services you
              receive from us. If you are using an authorized agent, please note
              that you will be required to verify your identity and provide
              written confirmation that you have authorized the agent to make a
              request on your behalf.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA
We have provided this list to clarify what information is being
              collected, and for what purposes they are being collected and to
              whom this information is being provided:
PERSONAL IDENTIFIERS: such as first name, last name, address,
                phone numbers, vendors, company’s info and other business
                profiles info provided such as links & social media
SOURCE: User-provided, directly through input or use of
                services
PURPOSE: Allowing 3
rd
party Services and Partners to provide services,
                improvement on Polymail’s service, personalizing content,
                marketing and advertising, communication to user
SHARED WITH: 3
rd
Party Partners, Service Professionals, contractors, and
                admin support
COMMERCIAL INFORMATION: Transaction Data
SOURCE: User-provided, directly through input or use of
                services.
PURPOSE: Providing services, fixing and improving services,
                personalizing content, marketing and advertising, administering
                surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests, support and
                troubleshooting, communication, analyzing service use,
                preventing and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of
                service, or breaches or potential breaches of terms and
                policies
SHARED WITH: 3
rd
Party Partners, Service Professionals, contractors, and
                admin support
Internet and Service Usage Information:
SOURCE: Your input (User and Contact Data)
PURPOSE Customer service, fraud prevention, improvement of the
                Site and Services, providing the Services to the User.
SHARED WITH: User, Law Enforcement, Service Professionals,
                contractors, and admin support
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents who have an established business
              relationship with Polymail may make a written request to Polymail
              about whether Polymail has disclosed any Personal Data to any
              third-parties for the third-parties' direct marketing purposes
              during the prior calendar year.  To make such a request,
              please send an email or write us:
Attention: Polymail
Address: 5940 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 400 #96627, Las Vegas,
              NV 89118-2507
Email:
privacy@polymail.io
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Terms & Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Terms of Service
Definitions
Intercom Services
Customer Data and Customer Obligations
Security
Third-Party Platforms and Third Party Messaging Apps
Ownership
Subscription Term, Fees & Payment
Term and Termination
Limited Warranty
Availability
Support
Limitation of Remedies and Damages
Indemnification
Confidential Information
Publicity
General Terms
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope
Personal Data Collected by Intercom
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Retention of Your Personal Data
Transfers of Your Personal Data
How We Store and Safeguard Personal Data
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Notice and Questions
Collection and Use of Personal Data of California Residents
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Scope
RDH Services
Exhibit A to the RDH Addendum: European Data Hosting
Exhibit B to the RDH Addendum: Australian Data Hosting
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies and similar technologies and the processing of personal data
What are cookies?
Why do we use cookies?
What type of cookies do we use and what are they used for?
Security Policy
Overview
Security Team
Best Practices
Infrastructure
Data
Data Transfer
Authentication
Permissions and Admin Controls
Application Monitoring
Security Audits and Certifications
Customer Responsibilities
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Permission to Use the Site
User Content
Restrictions on User Content and Your Conduct
Intellectual Property Rights in User Content
User Content You Post Becomes Public
We Are Not Responsible for User Content
Proprietary Rights
Enforcement of Copyrights
Notify Us of Infringers
How to Communicate with Us
Site Availability
Links to Other Sites
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Termination and Suspension
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
Academy Terms
Intercom Academy Terms
Access
Participant Responsibilities
Restrictions on Use
Badges
Ownership
Feedback
Privacy
Suspension and Termination
Disclaimer
Modifications
Independent Contractors
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Our Code Of Conduct
Speak Up
Potential Consequences Of Code Violations
Promote Labor, Employment, And Immigration Compliance
Prevent Harassment And Discrimination
Conflicts Of Interest
Keep Clear And Accurate Financial Records
Business Partner Relationships
Zero-Tolerance For Corruption
Avoid Improper Gifts And Entertainment
Respect Trade Controls
Keep Intercom Secrets Safe
Protect Intercom Assets And Promote Our Solutions
Protect Our Employee And Customer Information
Fair Competition
Use Social Media Responsibly
Promote Sustainability
Protect And Celebrate Our Culture
Trademark Usage
Intercom Marks and License
Permissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Impermissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Termination
Ownership
No Warranties
Your Liability for Third-Party Claims
Additional Legal
Questions
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Summary
Bribery and Kickbacks
Records and Reporting
Applicability and Enforcement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Labor and Employment Laws
Anti Corruption Laws
Competition
International Trade and Export Controls
Recordkeeping, Financial Integrity, and Honest and Accurate Dealings
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information
Raising Issues and Concerns
Certification and Application
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Effective day
1 November 2024
1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1.1 At Intercom, we respect your privacy and data protection rights and recognize the importance of protecting the personal data we collect and process. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you to understand what personal data we collect about you and how we use and share it.
1.2 When we refer to Intercom, we mean Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, a company registered in Ireland with offices at 124 St Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, DC02 C628; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Intercom Software UK Limited, a private limited company registered in the United Kingdom ("
UK
") with offices at Level 9, the Warehouse 207-211 Old St, London, EC1V 9NR UK; Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, a company registered in Australia with offices at 285A Crown St. Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia, 1st Floor, Sydney, and Intercom's group companies ("
Intercom
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
1.3 This Privacy Policy applies to you if you:
interact with any of Intercom’s websites (including
www.intercom.com
and
www.intercom.io
) or our social media pages (collectively, the "Sites") ("
website users
");
visit any of Intercom’s premises ("
office visitors
");
attend an Intercom event or an event which Intercom sponsors ("
event attendees
");
use Intercom's communication and messaging products, customer workspaces, mobile applications, and our other applications and services (collectively, the "
Intercom Services
") ("
customers
");
are a marketing prospect, who is anyone whose data Intercom processes for the purposes of assessing customer eligibility ("
marketing prospect
"); or
receive marketing communications from Intercom.
The below Privacy Policy applies to you irrespective of where you are based. There are certain additional parts of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you where you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or California. These additional parts do not apply to everyone.
1.4 For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (or any successor or equivalent legislation in the UK) ("
GDPR
"), either Intercom R&D Unlimited Company or Intercom, Inc., Intercom Software UK Limited, Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, or any other Intercom group company from time to time, is the controller of your personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY INTERCOM
2.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out in the following table. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with the Intercom Services and Sites, or when you attend an event or visit our premises. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as device data and service data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party sources (as further described in the table).
Registration, contact, and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
avatars;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom Services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
how you interact with our emails;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
date and time;
pages viewed;
links clicked.
Third party source data:
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
addresses;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
contact enrichment and lead generation providers; and
targeted online advertising providers
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
company name;
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Third party source data:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
The event organizer
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type and language;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
session date and time;
activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
links clicked;
language preferences
tags applied within customer accounts
Intercom assigned user identifier.
Third party source data
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone number;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
Our identity resolution and insight management provider; and
Our geolocation IP intelligence provider
2.2 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some device data, service data and third party source data is collected through the use of first or third party cookies and similar technologies. The Intercom Messenger service (and specifically the domains widget.intercom.io and api-iam.intercom.io) does not collect, retain, or share data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple websites or applications that are not owned by Intercom. Intercom does assign each user a unique user ID within the scope of an individual website, but does not collect or retain IP or any information that would allow Intercom to identify the same particular user on more than one website. For more information, please see Intercom's
Cookie Policy
.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
3. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes and, if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland, on the following legal bases:
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Services and Sites and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms of service. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Intercom Services and Sites. For example, to create, administer and manage your account.
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
: We may send you service, technical and other administrative messages in reliance on our legitimate interests in administering the Intercom Services. For example, we may send you messages about the availability or security of the Intercom Services. We also process your personal data to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer care and support. When we have entered into an agreement with you, we process your personal data as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you.
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Intercom Services and Sites and to understand how you use the Intercom Services and Sites, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Sending marketing communications
: We process your personal data to send you marketing communications via email, post or SMS about our products, services and upcoming events that might interest you in reliance on our legitimate interests or where we seek your consent. Please see the "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below to learn how you can control your marketing preferences.
Registering office visitors
: We process your personal data for security reasons and for the purpose of hosting your visit to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in protecting our premises and confidential information against unauthorized access and the safety of our staff and office visitors.
Managing event registrations and attendance
: We process your personal data to plan and host events for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the successful organization of the event, as well as providing you with relevant information regarding your participation.
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Intercom Services and Sites, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate Intercom policies or applicable laws, in reliance on our legitimate interests to maintain and promote the safety and security of the Intercom Sites and Services.
Displaying personalized advertisements
: We process your personal data to advertise to you and to provide personalized information, including by serving and managing advertisements on our Sites and on third party sites, in reliance on our legitimate interests to support our marketing activities and advertise our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
: including invoicing, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring efficient business operations and on the necessity to comply with legal obligations.
Complying with legal obligations
: We process your personal data when cooperating or complying with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and to protect against imminent harm to our rights, property or safety, or that of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
3.2 In certain circumstances, we may collect your personal data on a different legal basis. If we do, or if we use your personal data for purposes that are not compatible with, or are materially different than, the purposes described in this notice or the point of collection, we will explain how and why we use your personal data in a supplementary notice at or before the point of collection. Where we refer to legal bases in this section we mean the legal grounds on which organizations can rely when processing personal data.
3.3 Please note these legal bases only apply to you if you are resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
3.4 If you have any questions about our legal bases for processing your personal data, please contact us through our
Privacy Request Form
.
4. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose some or all of the personal data we collect to the following third parties:
To Intercom Group Companies:
Intercom Inc.;
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company;
Intercom Software UK Limited;
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd;
Any such other group companies, as may be added to this list from time to time.
Service Providers:
Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Intercom Services and Sites and the operation of our business;
Any such other Service Providers, as may be added to the
Subprocessor list
, from time to time.
Advertising Partners:
Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Intercom Services and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in the third-party cookies section of our
Cookie Policy
.
Professional Advisors:
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Law Enforcement:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Business Transfers:
Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of Intercom Group Companies (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
4.2
Aggregated or anonymized information
. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties for other purposes. Such information does not identify you individually, but may include usage, viewing and technical information such as the websites you generally use, the configuration of your computer, and performance metrics related to the use of websites which we collect through our technology, products and services. If we are required under applicable law to treat such information as personal data, then we will only disclose it as described above. Otherwise, we may disclose such information for any reason.
4.3
Third party websites
. The Sites may also contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information processed by us. You should contact the relevant third party websites for more information about how your personal data is processed by them.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Note that content you post may remain on the Sites even if you cease using the Sites or we terminate access to the Sites.
6. TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6.1 The Intercom Services and Sites, and our messenger domains are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to other Intercom Group Companies and our service providers including to, Ireland, the UK, Australia and other such countries as we deem appropriate from time to time. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We will protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
6.2 Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process your personal data on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data.
6.3 If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal data when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data; or otherwise ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. For transfers of your personal data to:
Intercom Group Companies based in the US, we rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“
UK-U.S. DPF
”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
;
other Intercom Group Companies based outside of the US, we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA); and
recipients who are located outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we rely on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK-U.S. DPF or Swiss-U.S. DPF where those recipients are located in the US or for onward transfers from the US, and otherwise we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
6.4 Intercom, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intercom, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
6.5 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intercom through our
Privacy Request Form
.
6.6 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“
DPAs
“), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“
GRA
“) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“
FDPIC
“) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, it may be possible to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, see
here
for additional information.
Intercom, Inc. remains responsible if its service provider, when acting on its behalf, processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intercom, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
7. HOW WE STORE AND SAFEGUARD PERSONAL DATA
We care about protecting personal data. That is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards on our Security page:
https://www.intercom.com/security
.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
8.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time.
You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are available
here
.
8.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
.
8.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights in
Section 11
of this notice.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services and Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Intercom does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, you may not attempt to register for our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from someone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that a child has provided us with their personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND QUESTIONS
10.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we will update the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
10.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for managing and addressing inquiries related to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way your personal data is being used or processed by Intercom, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form or by using the Contact Us link in the footer of this page.
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
11.1 SCOPE
Except as otherwise provided, this Section 11 applies only if you are a California resident. For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any regulations promulgated under either law, in each case, as amended from time to time.
This Section 11 does not apply to;
information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
activities governed by a different privacy notice, such as notices we give to California personnel or job candidates; or
Personal Information we collect, use, and share on behalf of our customers as a "
service provider
" under the CCPA.
11.2 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
Right to Information/Know
You can request whether we have collected your Personal Information, and in certain cases, the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Correction
. You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. While we do not sell Personal Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads (also known as interest-based ads) to you, as we have described in the “How and Why We Use Your Personal Data” section above. The CCPA classifies our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, from which you have the right to opt-out.
Right to Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA.
11.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Information/Know, Access, Correction, and Deletion
. You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
or by mailing us at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, Attention: Compliance.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by using our
Your Privacy Choices
. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request.
Verification of Identity
. We will need to verify your identity to process your information/know, access, correction, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Authorized Agents
. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
11.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE
The table below describes our Personal Information practices by reference to the categories in the “Personal Data Collected by Intercom” section above and the categories described in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140(v)) and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. Note that:
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
CCPA statutory category
Personal Information “PI” we collect in this category
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties with whom we “share” PI
Identifiers
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Professional or employment- related data
Registration, contact, and company information
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Financial information
Payment information
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Internet or network information
Device data
Service data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Sensory information
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Inferences
Data derived from the above categories
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
This site uses cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") as strictly necessary for site operation. We and our partners also would like to set additional cookies to enable site performance analytics, functionality, advertising and social media features. See our
Cookie Policy
for details. You can change your cookie preferences in our Cookie Settings.
Reject All
Accept All
Manage your cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;