In this article
About this notice
1. How does Which? collect your information?
2. What types of information does Which? process?
3. How does Which? use my information, and on what legal basis?
4. Who does Which? share my information with?
5. What are my data protection rights?
6. How long is my information retained?
7. Marketing, advertising and personalisation
View more links
This privacy notice was last updated on 7 January 2025 (Version 18).
About this notice
Who we are
Which? is the UK’s consumer champion. As an organisation we’re not for profit and all for protecting consumers – a powerful force for good, here to make life simpler, fairer and safer for everyone.
The Consumers' Association (Company No. 580128)  is a charity registered in England and Wales (Charity No 296072) and is the owner of the rest of the Which? group. More information about our charitable aims can be found
here
.
The Consumers’ Association is the data controller when it uses your information for these purposes. Its registered address is 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF.
All our commercial operations are carried out through Which? Limited (Company No 677665) and its subsidiary companies.
Which? Limited is the data controller when it uses your information for these commercial purposes. Its registered address is 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF.
The Consumers Association and Which? Limited will together be referred to in this privacy notice as "Which?", "we", "us" or "our". Details of the services and products provided by the Which? Group are detailed in the table below.
Which? Group
Campaigns, policy work and supporter engagement
Magazines, books, websites and digital products not provided by the Consumers' Association
Ordinary or associate membership
Which? Trusted Traders
Which? Connect
Which? Switch
The majority of the research included in the various Which? publications
Which? Best Buy Guarantee
Which? Consumer Rights & Which? Later Life Care services
Which? legal advice service, Which? will & power of attorney services, Which? Money Helpline and Which? Computing helpdesk.
What this notice applies to.
This notice applies to personal information we collect about you directly or that we collect from third parties. It sets out:
what information we collect, and from whom;
how we use that information;
who we share your information with;
how your information is protected;
your rights in relation to the information we hold about you; and
how long we keep your information.
What this notice does not apply to.
This notice does not apply to any services provided by Which? Financial Services Limited where a different privacy notice applies.  This includes Which? Mortgage Advisers, Which? Insurance Advisers and Which? Money Compare. For further details please see the
Which?’ Financial Services privacy notice
.
Changes to this privacy notice.
We keep our privacy notice under regular review. We encourage you to regularly review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We will notify you of any significant changes by listing these in Section 12, and via any other appropriate methods.
1.
How does Which? collect your information?
Information you provide to us voluntarily
You may give us your personal information when you:
order products and services from us;
use our products, services and websites;
provide a comment or write a review on our websites;
communicate with or contact us;
attend any of our events;
enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys;
contact one of our helplines;
interact with us on social media platforms;
sign up to one of our newsletters or other communications;
take part in our research;
request a call back through our websites;
apply to become an Ordinary Member;
apply to become a Which? Trusted Trader;
get involved with one of our campaigns or blogs; or
otherwise interact with us or provide information to a third party to be referred to us.
Where we request information from you, this will be explained in the relevant forms or pages, or over the telephone. You may choose to provide additional information when you interact with us or to a third party who refers you to us. We record calls for monitoring, training and analysis purposes. We store customer feedback and information on our customer databases.
Information we collect automatically
We, or the companies working for us, automatically collect some data from visitors to our websites. This includes what pages you have viewed, for how long and where you go on our website.
Information is also collected about how you arrived at our websites in the first place. This includes what links or adverts of ours you have viewed or clicked on to reach us, or any search terms you have used. Where you see a Which? advert outside of our website we, or an ad agency working for us, may place a cookie on your browser. This is so that, when you access our website, we recognise that you have seen an advert of ours elsewhere. Information collected automatically using cookies or other tracking technologies includes your IP address. If you have logged in, this includes your login details.
For further information see our separate
cookies and tracking technologies notice
.
Information we collect from third-party sources
Sometimes we might get information from another company, for example to supplement the data that Which? already has. Where this happens we will make sure we are confident that your information was collected legally.
For example, we use Google Analytics and New Relic to collect information about how customers use our websites. This includes how long customers spend on our websites, how often they return and what demographic categories they fall into. For further information about how Google uses data, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Information which is available publicly
Your personal information may be available to us from external publicly available sources. For example, geo-demographic information and information from public registers such as listed directorships, information from the electoral roll and press reports.  Depending on your privacy settings for social media services, we may also access information from those accounts or services.
2.
What types of information does Which? process?
We collect, store and use the following types of information:
photos, audio or video recordings;
geo-demographic information and information from public registers;
your name and contact details (including your postal address, telephone number, email address(es), your membership number and social media identity);
financial information such as bank details or credit/debit card details where you provide this to make a payment;
details about the products and services we provide to you;
details about how you use our products and services;
information you provide on other people (for example dependants);
information provided when you use our products or services, including where you are seeking guidance or advice;
communication you have had with us;
comments and reviews you have left on our websites;
your contribution to research you take part in;
information about your computer / mobile device, for example your IP address;
information about your visits to our websites and mobile app, and how you use them; and
any other information shared with us as described in section 1 above.
In order to receive certain services via the websites (eg access to our Best Buys and Don't Buys recommendations), you will need to create a Which? ID. The information that you provide when setting up your Which? ID includes your name, address, email address and payment card details. If you register to set up a Which ID, you will also have a unique password which enables you to access your account.
Special category and criminal offence data
Special category data includes:
Racial or ethnic origin;
Political opinions;
Religious or philosophical beliefs;
Trade union membership;
Data concerning health; or
Data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
Criminal offence data can include:
criminal convictions and offences;
unproven allegations;
information about an absence of convictions
We do not routinely collect this type of data. We will usually only do so if you choose to disclose it to us or provide explicit consent. For example, if you take part in our research, tell us about any reasonable adjustments you need, or contact us about your consumer experience, including reporting a scam. In all instances, we will only collect this type of data if there is a valid and legal reason for us to do so.
3.
How does Which? use my information, and on what legal basis?
The following sections describe in more detail how Which?, or one of the companies working for us, may use your information. This also sets out the legal grounds we rely on when processing your data.
What we use your personal information for
We use the information collected for a number of purposes. These include:
to provide our products and services;
to verify your membership;
to make and manage payments;
to manage our relationship and communicate with you;
to provide you with advice or guidance about our products and services;
to respond to complaints and seek to resolve them;
to enhance your online experience;
to conduct and commission research and surveys;
to develop and carry out marketing activities and competitions;
to develop and manage our products and services;
to test new products and services;
to promote Which?, such as on the Which? website, social media, Which? publications, and in external presentations;
to show you relevant and personalised products, services and content;
to better understand our customers and consumers in general, including your interests and behaviour;
to study how our customers use products and services from us and other organisations;
to research consumer views and experiences for research and editorial purposes, including through requests for help and surveys;
to respond to individual experiences shared with us and for editorial content;
to understand your website journey, including what pages you have viewed and for how long;
to show you adverts on other websites about our products, services or campaigns  that you’ve shown an interest in;
to communicate with regulators, legislators and corporate stakeholders;
to keep our website safe, secure and up to date;
for internal operations, such as data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to train our staff and measure the quality of the service we give you; and
to obey laws and regulations that apply to us.
The legal grounds we rely on to process your information
There are a number of legal reasons why we are allowed to process your personal information. These include:
to fulfil our contractual obligations (for example to provide the products or services requested and to contact you if there is a problem);
to pursue our legitimate interests
your consent; and / or
to fulfil a legal duty.
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests for the following purposes:
to deliver a more personalised and relevant experience using the information associated with our customers;
keeping our records up to date;
developing, marketing and charging for our products and services;
running our websites and keeping them safe and secure;
presenting our content and communications in the most effective and sustainable manner for you and your devices;
helping you use our websites, including obtaining products or services;
measuring how you use our websites and improving their content and accessibility;
measuring and understanding how effective our adverts are;
tailoring our content, communications and adverts so that they are relevant to you;
carrying out campaigns work and developing Which? policy;
complying with legal and / or regulatory requirements;
identifying consumer trends;
understanding products, services and the consumer experience; and
informing and generating content (for our editorial outputs and other channels).
developing and administering member engagement initiatives.
to provide insight and analysis into how our social media channels are used and how they are performing.
4.
Who does Which? share my information with?
We, or one of the companies working for us, share your personal information with the following third parties:
Data processors
We share your personal information with certain third parties who provide services to Which? or act on Which?'s behalf. For instance:
other parts of the
Which? Group
;
vendors, IT and other suppliers;
research agencies;
payment processors;
financial institutions;
shipping companies or postal authorities.
We only authorise these companies to process your personal information  so they can provide the requested service. Which? group companies are all based in the United Kingdom (“UK”).
We use GoCardless and Stripe to process your Direct Debit details, and we use Worldpay to process your card payments. More information on how Worldpay processes your personal data is
available here
.  This includes information about your right to object and other data protection rights.
Group companies
We share your information between companies in our group for the following purposes:
providing you with our products and services;
responding to requests to exercise your rights;
responding to complaints and seeking to resolve them;
keeping our records up to date;
charging for products and services;
developing products and services; and
informing and generating content.
We may also share your information with other members of our group if you have indicated to us that you would like to hear about their Which? products and services.
All members of our group treat your information with similarly high standards.  They will use it only for the purposes set out in this privacy notice. A full list of companies/brands within our company group is available
here
.
Social media companies, search engines and advertising platforms
We may use personal information about our existing customers, such as your full name, to better understand who our content appeals to (our target audiences) on social media sites, search engines and advertising platforms (such as Google, Facebook, and
Pinterest
).
The personal information is encrypted (put into a code so that it's secure) before it is uploaded to those platforms. The platforms will then attempt to match your profile in their database so that they can establish whether you hold an account with them. If you have an existing account with those platforms, the information will be used to understand how many of our customers have been shown a Which? advert on these platforms so we can measure how well our adverts are performing, to better understand the interests, demographics and behaviours of our target audience and to promote our services.  It may also be used to identify users of the social media site that have a similar profile to you so we can show them adverts.
The information we provide to the social media platform is destroyed once the matching exercise is complete.
If you do not wish your personal data to be used for targeted social media advertising or marketing, please email
preferences@which.co.uk
.
You can also amend your social media provider’s advertising settings to prevent your data being used in this way.
A social networking widget may be found in many of our pages. This widget gives you the tool to bookmark our websites, blog, share, tweet and email our content to a friend. Cookies from these social media companies may be placed on your system when you interact with this widget, or when you are on the same webpage while being logged into these social networking services.
Our cookie and tracking technologies notice
provides further information about this.
Third parties involved in corporate transactions
Which? may share your information with third parties involved in any reorganisation, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transferring of assets. Which? will only share your personal information with a third party that agrees to treat it  with the same high standards set out in this Privacy Notice.
Other third parties
These third parties may be companies who help us provide our products and services to you, companies you have contacted Which? through, or companies you ask us to contact on your behalf.
Other circumstances in which we will disclose your information
In some circumstances we are legally obliged to share information. For example under a court order, to regulators or law enforcement authorities, or to investigate security breaches, fraud or other crimes. In any scenario, we’ll make sure that we have a lawful reason to share the information and document our decision.
We will also disclose your information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, For example:
to enforce our terms & conditions;
to ensure the safety and security of our users, consumers and third parties;
to protect our rights and property of Which?, of our website visitors, consumers and third parties.
Location of third parties
In some instances we may need to send your information to third parties outside of the UK.  These countries and territories may not have the same data protection laws as those in the UK. If we do transfer your information outside the UK we will take appropriate steps to protect that information. These include:
transferring to third parties in countries and territories that the UK Government has determined offer adequate protection for your information. Information about these adequacy decisions is available
here
; or
entering into an agreement with the recipient of the data which includes clauses that the UK Information Commissioner’s Office has determined offer adequate protection for your information (more detail is available
here
).
5.
What are my data protection rights?
You have the following rights regarding your personal data:
Access
: The right to request access to and a copy of your personal information. This is called a data Subject Access Request, or SAR;
Restriction
: You can ask us to pause processing your information in certain circumstances (eg you don’t think it is correct);
Rectification
:  You can have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected;
Deletion
:  You can ask us to delete all your personal information in certain circumstances;
Objection
:  You can object to us processing your personal information in certain circumstances;
Objection to marketing
:  Please see section 7 (Marketing, advertising and personalisation) below, for information about how to opt-out of direct marketing communications, and to opt out of profiling for the purposes of direct marketing;
Portability
: You can ask us to transfer your information electronically to you or another organisation in certain circumstances;
Withdrawal of consent
: Where we rely on your consent to process your information, you can withdraw consent at any time. Note this will not affect our use(s) of your personal information before you withdrew your consent; and
To lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) or other relevant supervisory authority
: You can complain to the ICO (
ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email
) or other relevant supervisory authority about any aspect of how we handle your information.
More information about the right to complain can be found at
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public
.
Please be aware that you are under no obligation to provide us with your personal information. However, in some instances, if you don’t provide certain information then we may not be able to provide you with products and services, or otherwise interact with you.
When exercising your data protection rights we may ask you to verify your identity to help us respond to your request.
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the details outlined in the table below..  All of these rights are free to exercise. We will do our best to respond to you as quickly as possible and within one month of receiving your request.  We will inform you within one month of receiving the request if we will need longer to respond, for example if the request is complex.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. Please always let us know if you think that it is not and needs updating.
Action
Contact
Request that we do not share your data with social media companies, search engines and advertising platforms for targeted advertising purposes
Email:
preferences@which.co.uk
Make a data subject access request or SAR (right to access your personal information)
Email:
sars@which.co.uk
Phone:
029 2267 0000
Write to:
General Counsel, Which?, 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF
To exercise any of your other privacy rights, such as deletion or to let us know your details are incorrect
Email:
dataprivacy@which.co.uk
6.
How long is my information retained?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we will only keep it for as long as we need it.. At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted or anonymised. Examples of our retention periods are in the following table.
Type of data
How long we keep your data for
Membership
For the duration of your membership and for up to 3 years after you stop being a member
Financial
For 10 years from the date of payment where we have financial reporting obligations
Legal claims, advice or complaints
For 7 years from the end of the legal claim, matter or complaint
7.
Marketing, advertising and personalisation
We may use the information you provide to send you communications about Which?'s products and services and/or Which?'s campaign work. This might be by email or SMS, with your consent, or by telephone or post.
You can change your marketing preferences or unsubscribe from receiving any further marketing communications at any time by:
clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of our emails
writing to us (General Counsel, Which?, 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF)
emailing us (
preferences@which.co.uk)
phoning us (029 2267 0000)
We use tracking technology (by way of a clear image gif) within our emails to improve our future interactions with you. This means we are able to capture information including (but not limited to) the time and date you open our emails and the type of device used to open the email.
We use this information primarily to understand, at an aggregate level, whether our emails are opened and what links are clicked on by our audiences. We then use this information to improve the emails that we send or display to you, and the services that we provide, and to evaluate the effectiveness of our campaigns.
You can turn off email tracking by disabling automatic picture download within your email client's settings.
We may use information relating to you to better understand your interests and preferences (your profile), to make our communications to you more relevant, and to personalise your experience on our website. This could include recommending articles you may be interested in based on other Which? pages you have looked at, or showing you membership offers. To do this we use different information about you such as what pages on our website you have visited, what newsletters or emails you have signed up to, and geodemographic information relating to you.  We may use additional information from external sources to help us do this such as public registers.
We engage in the following forms of advertising on other websites.
Performance advertising
We use a form of advertising on other websites and on our websites which is called ‘performance advertising’. This is where we only pay the advertiser when our advert is successful.
We have a series of partner sites or ‘
affiliates
’ who will host our adverts and links. If you come to our website and decide to buy something from us via those adverts or links, then we will then pay them a small fee. We do this either using cookies, with your consent, or by sharing protected, pseudonymous customer order information with them. The affiliates cannot use this information to identify you.
To understand what information is being collected and why, please see our
cookie and tracking technologies notice
. .
We link to a variety of external websites and retailers where you can buy products or services featured on our websites. This includes large retailers such as Amazon and John Lewis and smaller ones which may be specialists. Links are normally provided by an
affiliate
but we also work directly with retailers in some cases. Please note that a retailer link alone does not constitute an endorsement of the retailer by Which?. We are not able to show every possible retailer and cheaper prices may be available.
We provide these links to make it easier for you to complete your purchase and so we can earn commission from referring you. This revenue is used to support our
not-for-profit mission
. To help us do this, we track your activity using cookies. For more information, and to easily manage your cookie settings, please see
our cookie policy
.
All our research, testing and recommendations are
100% independent
. We’re not influenced by third parties and we don't accept freebies from product manufacturers or retailers.
Display/contextual advertising
We advertise our products and services on other websites.
We work with an advertising company who decides where it’s best to place our adverts. We usually don’t know where our adverts will appear.  The advertising company will place a
cookie
on your device when you see the advert. This is so they can monitor how effective the advert is and not show you the same advert too many times.
Retargeting
We work with third-party advertising networks and search platforms, such as Google, to show you adverts on other websites or search platforms. These adverts will be about things you’ve previously shown an interest in on our website. The adverts may highlight other products or services we think you’d be interested in, too.
Cookies
(as well as tools such as Google Tag Manager) help us to do this.
Messaging platforms
We also work with messaging platforms that may deliver messages to your devices on our behalf. We only do this if we have your express consent. These messages will be tailored to the pages and content you have shown interest in. You have the option when each message is delivered to opt out of all future communications.
8.
Links to other websites and social media
We may provide links to other websites where you can find more information about the particular topic. The other websites are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy notice. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect information from you. Your information will be used by them according to their privacy notice which may be different to ours.
On some pages of our websites, we use third parties to provide content, applications or plug-ins. We may use these third parties to track how you use the content, applications and plug-ins and customise these for you.  For example, when you share an article using a social media sharing button on our websites (e.g. Facebook or Twitter), the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this.  For more information on social media plug-ins on our Website, see our
cookie and tracking technologies notice
.
9.
Use of our website by minors
If you are aged 13 or under, please get your parent's or guardian's permission before you provide information to us. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with information. Ifthey do so, we will stop processing their information as soon as we find out.
10.
How can I contact Which? about its privacy notice?
We want you to feel in control of your data. The table below outlines how you can make changes to reflect your preferences.
Action
Contact
Request that we do not share your data with social media companies, search engines and advertising platforms for targeted advertising purposes
Email:
preferences@which.co.uk
Make a data subject access request or SAR (right to access your personal information)
Email:
sars@which.co.uk
Phone:
029 2267 0000
Write to:
General Counsel, Which?, 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF
To exercise any of your other privacy rights, such as deletion or to let us know your details are incorrect
Email:
dataprivacy@which.co.uk
Change your marketing preferences or unsubscribe from receiving any further marketing communications
Click on the “unsubscribe” link in the footer of our emails.
Email:
preferences@which.co.uk
To opt out of profiling for the purposes of direct marketing
Email
: preferences@which.co.uk
To find out more about Which? and who we are, please look at the '
About Us
' section of our general terms.
If you are a former Which? Group employee and are seeking to understand how we process your personal data, please contact Which? directly.
11. Glossary
Cookie
- A cookie is a tiny text file placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone by websites that you visit. Cookies do lots of useful jobs. They help make websites work smoothly, provide information about how people browse, and make sure any adverts you see are as relevant as possible.
Data controller
- a person, public authority, agency or other body which determines why and how the personal data is used.
Data processor
- a person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data for the controller.
IP address
- An IP address is a label which is used to identify one or more devices on a computer network, such as the internet. It can be compared to a postal address.
Personal data
- any information relating to a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly. For example, by their name or an identification number.
Widget
- an application that enables a user to perform a function or access a service. For example, allowing users to share Which? content on social media.
12.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Which? may need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. You can see when the Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the date at the top of the page. A summary of the most recent change can be found in this section, along with the date they were made.
If we make any important changes, like how we use your personal information, we’ll let you know.
23.01.2023 -  amendment made to the definition of criminal offence data
16.06.2023 - clarifications made to our use of profiling and screening techniques
07.01.2025 - update to how we personalise your online experience and better understand your interests, section 7
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share by email
Back to top
Additional links
Our cookie policy and your preferences
Which? Financial Services privacy notice
Which? privacy notice
Cancelling your membership
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.which.co.uk/help/which-financial-services-privacy-notice-agoFD7a1MMJA:
In this article
About this notice
1. What information did Which? Financial Services collect?
2. What types of information does Which? Financial Services process?
3. How does Which? Financial Services use my information, and on what legal basis?
4. Who does Which? Financial Services share my information with?
5. What are my data protection rights?
6. How long is my information retained?
7. How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice?
View more links
This privacy notice was last updated on 8 August 2023.
Version 6
About this notice
Who we are
Which? Financial Services Limited has been dormant since 1 July 2022 and ceased to be authorised and regulated by the FCA with effect from 20 December 2022.
Which? Money Compare, Which? Mortgage Advisers and Which? Insurance Advisers were trading names of Which? Financial Services Limited, part of the Which? Group and closed in 2019. To find out more about the Which? Group see the 'About Us' section of our
general terms
. If you are a member of Which? or using any of our other websites or products and services, please also check our
general privacy notice
.
Even though Which? Financial Services Limited is now a dormant company, for the purposes of data protection legislation, Which? Financial Services Limited (Company No 07239342) is still a controller of the personal information you previously provided in relation to Which? Mortgage Advisers, Which? Insurance Advisers and Which? Money Compare products and services. Our registered address is 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF.
Which? Financial Services Limited is referred to in this privacy notice as "we", "us" or "our".
What this notice applies to:
This notice applies to personal information we collected about you when you interacted with us, for example when you contacted us about Which? Mortgage Advisers or Which? Insurance Advisers services, or that we collected from third parties, as described in this privacy notice. It sets out:
i. what information we collected, and from whom;
ii. how we use that information;
iii. who we share your information with;
iv. how your information is protected;
v. your rights in relation to the information we hold about you; and
vi. how long we keep your information.
What this notice does not apply to:
This notice does not apply to any services provided by the Consumers' Association or Which? Limited, where a different privacy notice applies. For further details please see Which?'s privacy notice.
Changes to this privacy notice:
We keep our privacy notice under regular review, and we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any material changes will be notified to you by updating them on our website together with any such other methods as may be appropriate.
1.
What information did Which? Financial Services collect?
Information you provided to us voluntarily in relation to Which? Mortgage Advisers and Which? Insurance Advisers:
You may have given us your personal information when you:
used our products and services;
used our websites or online calculators;
completed automated enquiries around specific product needs;
corresponded with or contacted us;
requested a call back either through our websites or through affiliates' websites;
agreed to be referred to us; or
otherwise interacted with us or provided information to a third party to be referred to us.
2.
What types of information does Which? Financial Services process?
We collected, and store the following types of information:
your name and contact details (including your postal address, telephone number, email address(es), membership number, and social media identity);
identification information (such as your date of birth, your National Insurance number, passport, driving licence, proof of address and three year address history and/or birth certificate);
financial information (such as bank details or credit/debit card details, salary details and payslips, retirement information, credit commitments and debts, mortgage details, financial expenditure, utility bills, council tax bills, bank and credit card statements, credit reports, and tax calculations and tax credit correspondence);
employment information;
health and lifestyle information;
details about your possessions;
details about the products and services we provided to you;
information you or dependants provided on other individuals (for example joint applicants for a product or service);
information provided when you used our products or services, including where you were previously seeking guidance or advice;
correspondence you have had with us;
details about you that are stored in documents in different formats, or copies of them; and
any other information shared with us as described in section 1 above.
3.
How does Which? Financial Services use my information, and on what legal basis?
The following sections describe in more detail how Which? Financial Services, or one of the companies who work on our behalf, may use your information, and in particular the legal grounds on which we rely in doing so.
What we use your personal information for
We use the information collected for a number of purposes, including:
to respond to complaints and seek to resolve them;
to communicate with regulators, legislators, insurers and corporate stakeholders; and
to obey laws and regulations that apply to us.
The legal grounds we rely on to process your information
The legal grounds on which we rely are:
to fulfil our contractual obligations;
to pursue our legitimate interests;
your consent; and / or
to fulfil a legal duty.
Legitimate interests
When we rely on our legitimate interests, these are as follows:
keeping our records up to date;
ensuring that complaints can be dealt with appropriately;
complying with legal and / or regulatory requirements;
Where we process personal information which is particularly sensitive ("special category data"), such as health data, we do this on the basis that you have provided explicit consent for us to do so, or on the basis that such processing is necessary in the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims:
we process personal data relating to health in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, for example when in order to defend ourselves against any legal claims or pursue any legal claims ourselves; and
we process personal data relating to health where we have a legal or regulatory obligation to use such personal information, for example, when regulators such as the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) wish us to maintain certain records of any dealings with you.
4.
Who does Which? Financial Services share my information with?
We, or one of the companies who work on our behalf, share your personal information with the following third parties:
Data processors
We shared your personal information with third parties who provide services to Which? Financial Services Limited or who act on our behalf, for instance other parts of the
Which? group
, vendors, IT and other suppliers. We do not authorise these companies to use or disclose your personal information except for the purpose of providing the service we request of them. Which? group companies are all based in the United Kingdom ("UK"), but some third party data processors will be based outside of the UK.
Group companies
We share your information between companies in our group for the following purposes:
responding to requests to exercise your rights;
responding to complaints and enquiries and seeking to resolve them; and
keeping our records up to date.
We may have also shared your information with other members of our group if you indicated to us that you would like to hear about their Which? products and services.
All members of our group are based in the UK and comply with similarly high standards in the treatment of your information and will use it only for the purposes set out in this privacy notice.
A full list of companies/brands within our company group is available
here
.
Third parties involved in corporate transactions
Which? Financial Services may share your information with third parties involved in any reorganisation, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transferring of assets, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect such personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Other third parties
These third parties may be companies with which we have a relationship in relation to products and services provided to you.
Other circumstances in which we will disclose your information
We will disclose your information to local and foreign regulators (such as the Financial Conduct Authority), governments, law enforcement authorities, advisers, insurers, courts, tribunals and arbitrators when we have a legal obligation to do so or when we believe our compliance with the request to be fair, reasonable and lawful, for example to detect, prevent or investigate security breaches, fraud or other crimes.
We will also disclose your information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, for example: (i) to enforce our Terms and Conditions; (ii) to ensure the safety and security of our users, consumers and third parties; and (iii) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our website visitors, consumers and third parties.
Location of third parties
Some potential recipients of your information might be located outside of the UK and the European Economic Area ("EEA"), in jurisdictions which do not have the same data protection laws as those in the UK. If we do transfer your information outside of the UK we will take appropriate steps to protect that information, which include:
transferring to third parties in jurisdictions that the UK (or the European Commission had, at 31 December 2020), determined offer adequate protection for your information; and
entering into an agreement with the recipient, which includes clauses that the UK Information Commissioner's Office has determined offer adequate protection for your information. For more information, please contact us using the details outlined in section 7 (How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice?) below.
5.
What are my data protection rights?
You have the following rights in relation to your personal data:
Access:
The right to request access to and a copy of your personal information (which can be done by emailing
sars@which.co.uk
);
Restriction:
You can ask us to pause processing your information in certain circumstances (e.g. you are disputing its accuracy);
Rectification:
You can have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected;
Deletion:
You can ask us to delete all your personal information in certain circumstances (e.g. if the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected);
Objection:
You can object to us processing your personal information in certain circumstances;
Objection to marketing:
Please see the main
Which? Group Privacy Notice
for information about how to opt-out of direct marketing communications;
Portability:
You can ask us to transfer your information electronically to you or another organisation in certain circumstances;
Withdrawal of consent:
Where we rely on your consent to process your information, you can withdraw consent at any time, although this will not affect our uses of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent; and
To lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO") or other relevant supervisory authority:
You can complain to the
ICO
or other relevant supervisory authority about any aspect of our handling of your information.
More information about the right to complain can be found at
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/
. If you have any questions about these rights, or you would like to exercise them, please contact us using the details at section 7 (How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice) below.
Please be aware that you are under no obligation to provide us with your personal information. However, failure to do so may, in some circumstances, prevent us from being able to interact with you.
When exercising your data protection rights we may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request.
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please email or write to us using the details outlined in section 7 (How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice?) below. All of these rights are free to exercise and we will do our best to respond to you as quickly as possible and in any event, within one month of receipt of your written request. We will inform you within one month of receipt of such request if we will need longer to respond, for example due to the complexity of the request.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. Please always let us know if you think that it is not and needs updating. Details of how to get in touch are in the section How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice? below.
6.
How long is my information retained?
Where we are still processing your personal data, we will only keep information about you for as long as we need to fulfil the purposes for which we are processing your information. At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted or anonymised. Examples of our retention periods are:
Where we need to keep your information for financial reporting obligations, we would normally keep it for ten years from the date of payment.
Where we need to keep your information for dealing with legal claims or complaints, we would normally keep it for seven years from the end of that matter.
Where we gave advice, we keep personal information for up to six years from completion date.
7.
How may I contact Which? Financial Services about its privacy notice?
You can contact us by post, telephone and email as follows:
Email:
sars@which.co.uk
(for access requests under section 5 and all general queries)
preferences@which.co.uk
(to manage your marketing and analytics preferences)
Telephone number:
029 2267 0000
Postal Address:
General Counsel, Which?, 2 Marylebone Road, London, NW1 4DF
To find out more about Which? group and who we are, please look at the 'About Us' section of our
general terms
.
8.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Which? may need to update this Privacy Notice from time to time. You can see when the Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the date at the top of the page. A summary of changes can be found in this section, along with the date they were made.
If we make any updates, such as materially changing how we use your personal data, we will alert you as required by applicable privacy laws.
09.01.20 - Section 6 - Clarification on how long your personal data is retained.
07.08.20 - Full review of privacy notice to reflect closure of the Which? Mortgage Advisers and Which? Insurance Advisers businesses.
02.06.21 - Section 4 - updated to reflect the changes following the UK's departure from the EU in relation to international data transfers outside of the UK.
08.08.23 – Updated to reflect deauthorisation of Which? Financial Services.
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share by email
Back to top
Additional links
Our cookie policy and your preferences
Which? privacy notice
Cancelling your membership
Accessibility
About cookies at Which?
This site uses
cookies
to store information on your device - some are essential for making our site work, while others help us to improve the site and our advertising, but we won't set any non-essential cookies unless you permit us to do so.
You can make changes to your preferences at any time.
Only use essential cookies
Accept cookies
Cookie Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit our website, we use cookies to store or retrieve information on your browser. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device but does not usually directly identify you. We use this information to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide you with the best experience. You can choose not to allow some types of cookies: click on the different category headings to find out more and change your settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information, please visit our
cookie policy
.
Accept all cookies
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Some cookies are essential for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They let you do things like log in, move from page to page, and use our interactive tools. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Functional & Performance Cookies
These cookies provide enhanced functionality and personalisation, and allow us to run analytics and testing tools. They measure and improve how our website performs, and give us feedback so that we can provide the best experience possible.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising & Marketing Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語