Privacy policy
What data does HeadApp collect! (app for iOS and Android)
Usage data
They are about how the app is used. In particular, information is collected about which screens are visited (not the content) and about some actions carried out on the app such as starting, suspending, access mode (anonymous or registered). Diagnostic information about app crashes is also logged.
Collection mode
They are automatically collected and sent to our cloud services hosted on Microsoft Azure. We also use data collection and analysis services on the Google/Firebase and Facebook platforms (analytics sdk). This data may include randomly generated identifiers that allow us to link the data relating to the individual device without allowing its real identification or association to a particular user unless he uses HeadApp! in registered mode (by logging in)
Purpose of the collection
This data allows us to analyze how users use the various functions of HeadApp! in order to guide our choices on development and understand, for example, what are the functions more or less used. The collection of this information and critical errors allows us to identify and correct problems faster in the real use of the app.
Personal data
They concern everything that the user voluntarily enters in the app and include, for example: personal information, the diary of headache episodes, the sleep diary, etc.
Collection mode
Each data entered is stored in the device in an internal archive (storage) and usually accessible only to the app and the system. In case you access HeadApp! with a registered user (login) the entire contents of the HeadApp archive! is transferred to our cloud services and associated with the unique code generated for that user.
Purpose of the collection
The data recorded in the app anonymously (not registered) are not accessible by us and can only be used on the device where they are stored. In this regard, the user is recommended to make the necessary backups to protect such data from loss or in the event of a change of device. The data entered using the recorded mode are instead transmitted to our servers and are therefore used for the following purposes:
allow the user to have a copy of such data (backup) accessible from other devices by installing HeadApp! to log in with the same original user credentials
carry out anonymized statistical studies on headaches to be used in the medical field (studies, conferences)
Conditions and Rights
Installing and using HeadApp! are intended as acceptance of the aforementioned privacy policy. The data collected by us as indicated are accessible only to our staff although hosted on cloud infrastructures of our suppliers. It is our commitment, in accordance with the general data protection regulations, to implement all procedures and 'best practices' regarding the protection of the data thus collected. This applies in particular to information that can be associated with the identity of the user. We reserve the right to share the result of statistical analysis with third parties such as medical personnel and/or employees in the medical industry in general for research and marketing purposes.
The user has the right to request further information and clarifications regarding the processing in addition to the right to cancellation of the same after a specific procedure. The data is kept indefinitely in order to guarantee the individual user the possibility of accessing it at any time.
For more information you can contact us at
contact@myheadapp.com
Deleting data
The deletion of the data associated with the individual user profile can be requested at any time directly in app from the login screen or by email from the legitimate holder to the
address contact@myheadapp.com
or via our
contact page
We will verify the legitimacy of the request and thus proceed with the elimination from our archives according to common practices.
Published on
11/23/2023 2:08:44 PM
Back