SimplyCook
Account
Privacy policy
We ask that you read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on:
1. Who we are
2. Our service
3. How we collect and use your personal information
4. Our legal basis for processing your personal information
5. Cookies and similar technologies
6. Marketing
7. Your rights
8. Keeping your personal information secure
9. How to complain
10. Changes to this privacy policy
11. How to contact us
1. Who we are
We are Simplycook Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (company number 09364895), trading as SimplyCook.com.
We collect, use, and are responsible for certain personal information about you. In so doing we are regulated under the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), which applies across the European Union (EU), and we are responsible as 'controller' of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
2. Our service
This privacy policy relates to your use of our website,
www.simplycook.com
, and our mobile applications available in the
App Store
and
Google Play
.
We may link to other websites owned and operated by trusted third parties to make additional products and services available to you. These third-party websites may also gather information about you in accordance with their own privacy policies and you should consult their privacy policies as needed.
3. How we collect and use your personal information
We collect personal information about you when you access our service, register with us, contact us, send us feedback, purchase products or services, post material, complete customer surveys, or participate in competitions.
We collect this personal information from you either directly, such as when you register with us, contact us or purchase products or services via our website or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (see 'Cookies' below).
The personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out through our website. This information includes:
- your name, address, contact, and login details
- payment details
- details of any feedback you give us via phone, email, post, or social media
- information about the services we provide to you, such as food preferences
We use this personal information to:
- create and manage your account with us
- provide goods and services to you
- customise our website and its content to your particular preferences
- notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you
- improve our services
- send direct marketing to you
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect or use personal information relating to children.
4. Our legal basis for processing your personal information
When we use your personal information we are required to have a legal basis for doing so. There are various different legal bases upon which we may rely, depending on what personal information we process and why.
The legal bases we rely on include:
- consent:
where you have given us clear consent for us to process your personal information for a specific purpose
-
contract:
where our use of your personal information is necessary for a contract we have with you, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract
-
legitimate interests:
where our use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides our legitimate interests)
Further information — the personal information we collect, when and how we use it
For further details on when we collect personal information, what we collect as well as how we use it, please read the following sections:
When information is collected
What information we collect
How and why we use your information
When you register with us
Your name and email address
We ask for this to open and maintain your account.
We rely on contract as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal information.
We will keep this information until:
‐ you close your account with us
‐ we close your account
When you place an order with us
Your payment card information
We ask for this to charge you for the goods you have purchased.
We rely on contract as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal information.
We will keep this information until:
‐ you close your account with us
‐ we close your account
When you place an order with us
Your billing (and shipping) address
We ask for this to send you the goods you have purchased.
We rely on contract as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal information.
We will keep this information until:
‐ you close your account with us
‐ we close your account
When you place an order with us
Information about the services we provide to you, such as food preferences
We ask for this to send you the goods you have purchased.
We rely on contract as the lawful basis for collecting and using your personal information.
We will keep this information until:
‐ you close your account with us
‐ we close your account
When provide feedback to us or send an enquiry to us
Your name, contact details, details of any feedback you give us via phone, email, post, or social media
We collect this personal information when you provide feedback to us.
We rely on legitimate interests as the lawful basis for collecting an using your personal information to enable us to respond to your feedback or enquiry if necessary.
We will keep this information for as long as necessary. After we have responded to you, feedback will be anonymised and we will use it to help improve our services.
Details about how we use your personal information for direct marketing is set out below.
Who we share your personal information with
We routinely share your name, email address, billing/delivery address and account activity with trusted third party services. This data sharing enables us to provide customer support, process payments, supply goods and services to you, and improve the services and products we offer to you. Some of those third party recipients may be based outside the European Economic Area or process your personal information outside of the European Economic Area. We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
Our Service providers
. These are external companies that We use to help Us run our business (e.g. order fulfilment, payment processing, fraud detection and identity verification, website operation, market research companies, support services, promotions, website development, data analysis, CRC, etc.). Service providers, and their selected staff, are only allowed to access and use your Personal Data on Our behalf for the specific tasks that they have been requested to carry out, based on our instructions, and are required to keep your Personal Data confidential and secure. Where required by applicable law, you can obtain a full list of the providers processing your Personal Data.
Marketing partners.
We may pseudonymise your data through a technique called "hashing". We may use pseudonymised data with our partners (such as Facebook), this allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you and people like you (including on social media). This also ensures that as an existing customer you are not included in marketing campaigns designed to attract new customers.
International transfers of your information
EU data protection rules apply to the European Economic Area (EEA), which includes all EU countries and non-EU countries Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
We will not transfer your personal data outside of the EEA and will not transfer your personal data to any organisation that would process your personal data outside the EEA unless there has been an adequacy decision made by European Commission that there is an adequate level of protection for personal data transferred in the relevant country or there is a suitable safeguard in place, such as standard contractual clauses or the
EU-US Privacy Shield
framework.
If you would like to obtain a copy of the safeguards we have in place for the transfer of personal information outside of the EEA please contact
hello@simplycook.com
5. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (e.g. computer, smartphone, tablet) when you use our website. We use cookies to help us recognise you and your device and record information about your preferences or past actions.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
For general information on cookies, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
6. Marketing
We would like to send you information about products, services, competitions, and special offers which may be of interest to you. Where we have your consent or it is in our legitimate interests to do so, we may do this by post, email, telephone, text message (SMS), or automated call.
If you have previously agreed to being contacted in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time by:
- contacting us at
hello@simplycook.com
- using the 'unsubscribe' link in emails or 'STOP' number in texts
It may take up to 5 working days for this to be completed.
For more information on your rights in relation to marketing, please see the
Your Rights
page.
7. Your rights
Under the GDPR you have a number of important rights free of charge. Please see the
Your Rights
page for details of these rights and information on how to exercise them.
8. Keeping your personal information secure
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. How to complain
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. The supervisory authority in the UK is the Information Commissioner who may be contacted at
ico.org.uk
or telephone:
0303 123 1113
.
10. Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy was published on 23rd May 2018 and last updated on 15th November 2023.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time, when this is a significant change affecting you we will inform you via email to your registered address.
11. How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or the information we hold about you, please send an email to
hello@simplycook.com
or write to SimplyCook, Unit D, Discovery House, Juniper Drive, London, SW18 1UY.
🍪 We Use Cookies!
To enhance your experience on our website, we use cookies. By clicking 'Accept', you consent to the use of these cookies. To manage your preferences or learn more, click "Cookie Settings".

For more information, please review our
Cookie policy
Cookie Settings
Reject
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are essential for you to be able to navigate our website and use its features. Without these cookies, the services you have asked for could not be provided.
Performance or Analytical Cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our website, e.g. which pages you go to most often. This information is used to improve how our website works.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies (also known as "Advertising Cookies") are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement on our website and help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers (e.g. YouTube, Google Ads, Facebook and others).
Functionality and Personalisation Cookies
These cookies allow our website to remember the choices you make (such as your user name, language, last action and search preferences) and provide enhanced, more personal features.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en:
Skip to main content
The page you requested could not be found. This might have happened because
the page has moved
the page no longer exists
Return to the homepage