Privacy Statement
Cartograph Maps 3 is now available.
Click here for more information
.
What information do we collect?
Cartograph does not store or transmit personal information. If a third party map source ("Online map source") is used then the user's IP and eventual GPS location are transmitted.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
  Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
Do you collect location data?
Location data is used for offline location tracking and positioning.  If a third party map source ("Online map source") is used then the user's IP and eventual GPS location are transmitted.
What do we use your information for?
Location data is used for tracking and positioning.
Do we use cookies?
No.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Cartograph optionally supports Google APIs for searching POI data. These services run under
Google's Terms of Service
and
Google Privacy Policy
.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
http://www.tequnique.com/terms
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 06-05-2019
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.cartograph.eu/contact
Burgundergasse 16
Guntramsdorf 2353
Austria
office@cartograph.eu
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
