Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
This Privacy Policy is effective May 25, 2018, and may be updated at any time as laws change or when we add new features to our apps. Please check back often to review any changes to this document. If you don’t agree with our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, please immediately stop using our apps, websites, and services. If you have questions, you can write us at
info@wellbeyond.com
.
Wellbeyond’s main website at www.wellbeyond.com and our general-purpose apps are only for parents, other adults, and children aged 16 and older. Some of our apps and websites are designed for younger children for use with parent supervision (“Kids Apps”).
Collection of Personal Data
Personal Data is information that identifies the user of the app or website. Wellbeyond does not knowingly collect any Personal Data about children under 16 years old in our kids apps. We may collect Personal Data from users in our general audience apps, on the website and in a “Parents Only” section of our Kids Apps. For example, Personal Data may be collected when you sign up for a newsletter, makes an online purchase, or get customer service. This data may include information you provide such as your name, your email address, other contact information, and payment information.
Collection of Non Personal Data
Non Personal Data is information does not identify the user of the app or website, or may have previously been Personal Data that has the identifying information removed. We collect Non Personal Data about the use of our website and our apps for internal use and to help us improve our services.
Parental Gates
When our Kids Apps contain outside links are meant to open a section of the app meant for parents, we show a Parental Gate. This is to prevent younger children from engaging in commerce or following links out of an app to websites, social networks, or other apps without the knowledge of their parent or guardian. A Parental Gate presents an adult level task which must be completed in order to continue.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may use third parties to deliver some our services, such as payment processing, shipping, communicating with you, general infrastructure and technology services, etc. We review the privacy policies of the third parties we share information with and require that they use your information only to deliver the required services.
Security
We use industry-accepted security measures and safeguards to protect your data, and we require the third parties that we work with to do the same. While we do our best to implement these measures and safeguards, we cannot accept liability for accidental disclosure.
Links
Our website and apps may include links to other third-party sites or apps. Please note that Wellbeyond is not responsible for these third party sites and apps, nor do we necessarily endorse them. Please be sure to check the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy of each site or app you choose to visit.
Your use of Wellbeyond's apps and services is subject to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
.
Wellbeyond
Eugene OR
United States
info@wellbeyond.com