-
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 03/02/2025
In this Privacy Policy, ‘us’ ‘we’ or ‘our’ means Australian Venue Co. Limited (ABN 14 607 666 348) and Queensland Venue Co. Pty Ltd (ABN 57 079 861 626) and their related bodies corporate (
Australian Venue Co.
). Australian Venue Co. owns and operates a number of pubs, bars and restaurants in Australia which provide a range of food and beverage services as well as event venues.
At Australian Venue Co, we are committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets outs out how we collect, use, store and disclose your personal information. Personal information includes information or an opinion about an individual that is reasonably identifiable. For example, this may include your name, age, gender, postcode and contact details.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and recommend you review it periodically so that you are updated on any changes.
What personal information do we collect?
We may collect the following types of personal information:
name;
email address;
telephone number and other contact details;
date of birth;
your photograph;
video and CCTV footage;
if you enter any of our gaming areas, facial recognition data collected through the use of our facial recognition technology (
FRT
) system for identifying problem gamblers who have self-excluded from gaming, to support our compliance obligations;
financial information such as any bank or credit card details – though these are held by a level 1 PCI service provider to ensure they are kept safe; we don’t see your full credit card number nor do we transmit it unless we are processing a payment over the phone or in person;
any additional information about you that you provide to us, including through your use of our venues, our websites, our online presence or through other websites or accounts from which you permit us to collect information;
or any other personal information that may be required in order to facilitate your dealings with us.
How do we collect your personal information?
We may collect personal information either directly from you, or from third parties, including when you:
make a reservation at one of our venues, either over the phone or through an online booking form (which may be hosted by a third party);
register on our websites;
leave a business card at a venue;
redeem an offer at a venue;
attend a function at one of our venues and consent to your photograph being taken;
attend one of our venues where CCTV or security cameras are in use;
enter a gaming area  where our FRT system is in use;
enter into a competition run by us or with one of our partner advertisers;
make an accommodation booking at one of our venues;
communicate with us through correspondence, telephone calls, or email, or when you share information with us from other social applications, online services, or websites;
or invest in our business or enquire as to a potential purchase of a business.
In addition, when you apply for a job or position with us, we may collect certain information from you (including your name, contact details, working history, and relevant records checks) from:
any recruitment consultant;
your previous employers; and
others who may be able to provide information to us to assist in our decision on whether to make you an offer of employment or engage you under a contract.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to acts and practices in relation to employee records of our current and former employees, which are exempt from the Privacy Act.
Why do we collect, use and disclose personal information?
Our handling of your personal information will vary depending upon how you engage with us. We may collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to enable you to make a reservation or booking at a venue;
to provide you with our goods and services at a venue;
to respond to your enquiry or otherwise send you information which you request;
to allow you to register to use one of our websites;
to send you marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners;
to send you personalised ads, and to better measure advertising performance;
to administer competitions or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to operate, protect, improve and optimise our website, business and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research and for advertising and marketing;
to ensure the safety of patrons and manage any incidents at our venues;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users or patrons, and enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to consider your employment application.
If you enter a gaming area, we may collect facial recognition data via our FRT system for the purposes of identifying individuals who have elected to self-exclude from gaming. The facial images we collect will be analysed by the FRT system.  If the relevant individual is not identified as someone who has self-excluded, their images and data will be promptly deleted (typically within one minute of the analysis).  If the relevant individual is identified as someone who has self-excluded, we will take necessary steps to exclude them from the gaming area.
We may also disclose your personal information to a trusted third party who also holds other information about you. This third party may combine that information in order to enable it and us to develop anonymised consumer insights so that we can better understand your preferences and interests.
Our use of your information
Generally, information which you give to us is used to provide you with a product or service which you have requested from us, or to otherwise operate our business and comply with our legal obligations.
We will not use your information to market to you unless we have your implied or express consent. For example, if you enquired about our venues or entered a promotion in relation to our venues or products, we may infer your consent to receive marketing materials about those venues and services, or other venues and services which we think you may be interested in. If you receive electronic communications from us, we will always provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving further information from us by emailing marketing@ausvenueco.com.au.
To whom do we disclose your personal information?
We may disclose personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy to:
our employees and related bodies corporate;
third party suppliers and service providers (including booking websites in connection with providing our services to you);
professional advisers, dealers and agents;
our existing or potential agents, business partners or partners;
our sponsors or promoters of any competition that we conduct via our services;
anyone to whom our assets or businesses (or any part of them) are transferred;
specific third parties authorised by you to receive information held by us; and/or
other persons, including government agencies, regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies, or as required, authorised or permitted by law.
Do we disclose your personal information overseas?
We may disclose your personal information to third party suppliers and service providers that have electronic storage located overseas. This information is held on servers hosted in Canada and backed up to AWS servers located in the United States.
How do we hold your personal information?
We may hold your personal information in either electronic or hard copy form. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and we use several physical, administrative, personnel and technical measures to protect your personal information. For example:
access to your personal information is restricted to our existing agents, business partners and service providers with authorised credentials; and/or
copies of correspondence sent from websites, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only and accessible only by authorised existing agents, business partners and service providers.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
Using our websites, cookies and APIs
Our websites use cookies to provide you with a better experience. Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, mobile phone or other device. These cookies allow us to increase your security by storing your session ID and are a way of monitoring single user access. This aggregated, non-personal information is collated to assist us in analysing the usage of the site.
We also use third party cookies and/or conversion application programming interfaces (Conversion APIs) provided by Meta (Facebook) and other social media platform providers, and Google (Platforms) for marketing purposes and conversion tracking. Conversion APIs are used to track and measure specific actions that users take on a website. For example, when you make a purchase, fill out a form, or sign up for a newsletter, the conversion API allows websites to send information about these actions directly to a tracking or analytics system, and we can then better understand how users are interacting with our site and can inform decisions to improve user experience or marketing strategies.
Via their cookies and APIs, the Platforms receive non-personal information that you have visited our websites or clicked on an advertisement. If you are registered with an account with the relevant Platform (for example, you have a Facebook account), the Platform can assign the visit to your Facebook account.
Each Platform’s privacy policy describes how their third party cookie or conversion API handles a user’s data. The Platforms’ respective websites are designed to honour user’s privacy controls and you may be able to de-activate, or limit the application of, the tool by visiting the relevant Platform’s cookie settings.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.
Links
Our websites may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no control over or rights in those linked websites. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy, so we encourage individuals to read them before using those websites.
How can you access or correct your personal information?
You can access the personal information we hold about you by emailing our Privacy Officer below. Sometimes, we may not be able to provide you with access to all your personal information and, where this is the case, we will tell you why. We may also need to verify your identity when you request your personal information.
If you think that any personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that it is corrected.
How can you request to delete your personal information and related data?
You can request for your personal information and data to be deleted, by emailing our Privacy Officer as detailed below.
If you are a member of The Pass App, you can also close your account within the app, which automatically deletes all personal information, relating to your The Pass App account. To do this, navigate to settings within The Pass App and select Account Management.
How do you make a complaint?
If you think we have breached the Privacy Act, or you wish to make a complaint about the way we have handled your personal information, you can contact us by emailing our Privacy Officer as detailed below. Please include your name, email address and/or telephone number and clearly describe your complaint. We will acknowledge your complaint and respond to you regarding your complaint within a reasonable period of time. If you think that we have failed to resolve the complaint satisfactorily, we will provide you with information about the further steps you can take.
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website
.
Contact our Privacy Team
privacy@ausvenueco.com.au
Australian Venue Co.
Level 3, 616 St Kilda Rd, Melbourne VIC 3004
In the spirit of reconciliation, we acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of country throughout Australia and their connections to land, sea and community. We pay our respect to their Elders past and present and extend that respect to all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples today.
We are a place free from discrimination, where everyone belongs. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our communities, including people of all cultural and faith backgrounds, classes, gender or sexual identities, ages and abilities and we are committed to creating a safe and welcoming space for all.
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Responsible Service
© Aus Venue Co.
Site by Sod
Sorry - This form is not available for everyone
Thanks! A confirmation email with instructions has been sent to you. Please check your email inbox and the junk mail folder...just in case.
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Mobile
Date of Birth*
Day
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Month
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Year
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
Postcode
View our privacy policy
here
.
Powered by
MyGuestlist