PRIVACY POLICY
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Policy shall be effective as of April 1, 2018.
Welcome to the American Beverage Marketers (ABM) Corporate website! This Privacy Policy is designed to explain American Beverage Marketers on-line information practices regarding this Web site. The Privacy Policy describes how this Web site collects, uses and shares personally identifiable information (“PII”) and other “non-PII” information obtained from and about individuals who visit this Site. The Internet presents an opportunity for us to reach our audience in new and exciting ways with product, educational, and company information, and activities such as, but not limited to, sweepstakes, contests, offers, newsletters, and other promotions. We are committed to providing and maintaining that opportunity in a safe and secure environment for our visitors.
Agreement To This Privacy Policy and Privacy Policy Modifications
By using this Web site you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, or any of its terms, please do not provide your personally identifiable information (“PII”), for example, your name, address, telephone number, screen name, email address or credit card information. From time to time, and at any time, this Privacy Policy may be revised or changed. We will notify you about material changes and their effective date in the way we treat PII by sending a notice to the primary email address you have specified and by placing a prominent notice on the Site. Web site users should review this Privacy Policy periodically to be up to date on the Site’s most current privacy policies and practices.
Collection of Your Personal Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Other Personal Information
This Web site is intended to provide a unique, educational and entertaining experience for users, without requiring them to submit any more PII than is necessary to participate in particular activities which may be offered, or to use the Site effectively. We do not require users to register or submit PII in order to visit the Web site. Most activities on the Site can be performed without providing PII. When we ask for PII to participate in an activity we will not require anyone to disclose more PII than we believe is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. At times, users may be asked to provide non-PII such as first name, age, gender, zip code, city, and/or state of residence.
For Children Under the Age of 13
We will not knowingly accept information from children under the age of 13.
When PII and Non-PII May be Requested
Registration or input of PII may be required to participate in activities such as, for example but not limited to, sweepstakes, contests, specific promotional activities and offers, some surveys, or for e-commerce and sales activities. If PII is requested for participation in an activity, you cannot participate without disclosing the requested PII. From time to time, we may also ask you to provide us with non-PII which does not allow us to identify you by email address, full name, full address or other PII. We may use this information for internal purposes, or for creating reports for ourselves and third party advertisers and partners, if any.
Use of PII
We will not sell or rent your PII. We will only use and share your PII as stated in this Policy. We may use PII in sweepstakes, contests or promotional activity (i) to register you for those activities, to verify that you comply with the published Rules or Terms and Conditions, and to notify you if you are a winner in a sweepstakes or contest, or provide you with the materials for a promotion activity, (ii) for coupon, premium or prize delivery, (iii) for notification of special offers, and newsletters; and (iv) to ensure that we comply with applicable laws. The PII you disclose for these and similar activities may be shared with third parties, such as those who may administer the activity for us and shipping companies who may deliver a prize or premium. We will inform you at the time we are collecting the PII that such collection is a requirement for participation. We may also use your PII for the following purposes: (v) to help personalize and enhance our Site and your Web site experience; (vi) to send you personalized information about our Site via email, (vii) to send you advertising or promotional material from us, our advertisers or business partners; and (viii) to contact you for feedback regarding us, our advertisers or business partners. Should you respond to a particular offer from our business partners or advertisers we may also use your PII to provide a report to our advertisers or business partners that tells them who responded to a particular offer. Further if you accept an offer contained in, for example, an email, we may provide the advertiser or business partner with the PII necessary to fulfill that offer to you. Should your PII be requested by any of our business partners or advertisers for their direct use in advertising or marketing (when the contact with you would come from them and not from us on their behalf) you will, in each case, be given the opportunity to exclude yourself. If you do not affirmatively opt-in your PII will not be included. Your PII may be shared with other companies and web sites we own or operate for our behalf. Your PII may also be shared with those persons or entities that administer our Web site and programs. Your PII will only be shared with administrators, business partners or advertisers for a particular purpose and they will not be permitted to use it for any unauthorized purpose.
Use of Non-PII
Non-PII is data such as first name, zip code, age, gender, product and promotional preferences and household characteristics like presence of children or income bracket. Your non-PII may be aggregated and used for our internal purposes or may be shared with third parties for any lawful purpose, without your permission. No third party will know who you are as a result of the use of your non-PII.
E-Commerce
Purchases through our Site, if offered, may require disclosure of your PII, your credit card information and information about the name and address of the person receiving the purchases. The credit card information may be subject to verification by the issuing credit card company or other company. Shipping information will be shared with the shipping company. Sales and shipping records will also be generated and maintained. Unless you give us permission at the time we collect such information, however, this information will not be used for any purpose except the fulfillment, and record keeping of the transaction.
Opting-Out
At the time we gather any of your PII, we will give you the opportunity to “opt-out” of allowing us to use your PII for other purposes, such as sending you specific future emails or advertising or sharing your PII with specific business partners or other advertisers. If you opt-out of a specific use, we will not use your PII for that purpose. If you opt-out of the use of your PII, we may still use your PII for internal purposes, or as may be necessary to administer the Site, for example, sharing that data with those persons or entities who administer the Web site. Your PII may further still be used to comply with applicable law, for example but not limited, to comply with valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order; and to report sweepstakes and contest winnings as may be required by law. And it may be used in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify or contact you, or bring legal action against you if, for example, you may be causing injury to of interference with our Site or company’s rights or property, or other users of the Site, whether your actions are intentional or unintentional. Further, your PII may be shared with any successors and assigns we may have. If you wish to change your decisions to “opt-out” or to “opt-in” as applicable, you can email us at
abm@abmcocktails.com
.
Safety and Security
We take steps to help ensure that all information provided by you, whether PII or non-PII, is treated securely. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect visitor information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. If you share your computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public remember to sign off and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This will help to ensure that others cannot access your PII. No data transmission over the Internet, however, can be guaranteed to be totally secure. While we try to protect your PII, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. You use the site, and provide us with PII, at your own risk. To the extent reasonably necessary to protect a user’s safety, we may collect his or her name, address, and/or email address. To protect our security, to protect us against liability, or as required by law, we may collect a user’s name and email address. PII collected pursuant to this provision will not be used for any other purpose.
Gathering Information Electronically
Use of Cookies
During the course of any visit to the Web site, the pages you see, along with something called a “cookie,” are downloaded to your computer. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies do not contain any personal identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as personalization. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Users may have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. Different browsers may address cookies differently. If you set the browser to not accept cookies, it will result in certain personalized services not being provided to the users on that computer.
Co-Branded Micro Sites
Web pages and/or micro web sites may be included within our Site and may be co-branded with third party names, logos, and/or properties, and are operated and maintained by us. While such third parties are sponsors of these web pages or micro web sites, they do not share in any PII collected within those web pages or micro web sites.
Third Party Advertisements
We may include banner or text advertisements for third parties (or for sites operated by third parties) that are not sponsors of and are not affiliated with our Web site. As such, we are not responsible for the content, practices, or information practices of the web sites operated by these third parties. In addition, these advertisements do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by us of the content, policies, or practices of these web sites. All users should check the relevant web site’s privacy policy and terms of use in order to understand their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of PII.
International User Notice
The Site is intended for use exclusively by residents of the United States of America. Our computer systems are based in the United States. Personally Identifiable Information may be treated differently than it is in other parts of the world, for example the European Union. Review and Deletion of Personal Information All users may review their PII at any time. If you would like to review, modify or delete this information, please contact us at:
Mail:
American Beverage Marketers
810 Progress Blvd.
New Albany, Indiana 47150
Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator
We will use reasonable efforts to comply with your requests.
Comments, Questions or Suggestions
If you would like to communicate with us about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Mail:
American Beverage Marketers
810 Progress Blvd.
New Albany, Indiana 47150
Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, permits our Web site users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, should you be a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
American Beverage Marketers
810 Progress Blvd.
New Albany, Indiana 47150
Attn: CA Privacy Rights Administrator
TERMS & CONDITIONS
By visiting or shopping at this web site, you accept the following terms and conditions. Please read them carefully.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of this site’s owner or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of this site’s owner and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of this site’s owner or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND ARE MADE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SITE’S OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS SITE’S OWNER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM THIS SITE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THIS SITE’S OWNER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions