Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 15, 2021
The Southern California Regional Rail Authority (Metrolink) respects your privacy. The following describes our Privacy Policy in relation to:
Personal information we collect
How we use collected data
How we protect the privacy of our customer
How you can access your data
Personal information we collect
Personal information may be in the form of your name, email address, phone number, street address, etc. We may obtain your personal information when you submit comments on Metrolink service, complete a survey, subscribe to an email newsletter or participate in the Metrolink rider advisory panel.
How we use collected data
Metrolink and its contracted vendors do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information, or disclose personal information. Metrolink may use your personal information to respond to your comments, process a transaction, contact you with information about this organization or other transit services or to perform research on our products or services.
Metrolink may also share this information with third-party service providers performing market research, generating audiences using Facebook’s custom audience feature and other tools, processing customer transactions, and providing advice about and support of our products and services. These third-party contractors may obtain, store and/or process your personal information on their own computer systems. Some of their work on behalf of Metrolink may involve contacting you directly using the information you have provided. They are required to identify themselves as representatives of Metrolink, and their contracts and subcontracts require them to treat your personal information confidentially.
We may request personal information when you submit feedback on our Contact Us form. You may also be asked to provide information when subscribing to an email newsletter, email alerts through purchasing the merchandise online. This personal information may be in the form of your name, email address, phone number, street address, etc. For example, you may be asked to provide an email address and name if you'd like the Agency to respond to input provided via feedback form or survey. The personal information you voluntarily provide is used to fulfill a request. Metrolink may use this information to inform you of service information, promotions or other news of value to you as a transit customer. Metrolink or its contracted vendors do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to anyone, or disclose personal information except when the purpose and manner of the disclosure has been disclosed to you prior to your providing the information; or when disclosure is required by law.
Anonymous technical data
In addition to collecting personal information that you provide voluntarily, our site may automatically collect and store technical information about your visit to metrolinktrains.com, including (1) the domain names or IP addresses assigned to your computer by your provider while you connect to the Internet; (2) the type of browser software and operating system you use to access our site; (3) the date and time you access our site; and (4) the pages you visit on our site. This technical data will not personally identify you, but it may assist us in monitoring how visitors use our website, personalize and improve your experience and deliver content or features that match your profile and interests, including to show you targeted advertising.
Metrolink also uses an online tool called Crazy Egg to better understand our users’ needs and how our site can best serve customer needs and expectations. Some of the data we gather through the Crazy Egg tool includes page visit duration and which links our visitors click, which helps us understand how we can design a better user experience for our site. (It’s like gathering user feedback without asking you to complete a survey.) Crazy Egg uses cookies and other technologies to collect data like visitor IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and preferred language. Crazy Egg stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Crazy Egg and Metrolink will never use this information to identify individual users or match it with further data on an individual user. For more details, please see
Crazy Egg's Privacy Policy
. You can opt-out of the creation of a user profile, Crazy Egg's storing of data about your usage of our site and Crazy Egg's use of tracking cookies on other websites on the
Crazy Egg Opt Out page
.
Statistical information
Metrolink may compile statistical information regarding its ridership from personal information that it receives from this website or other sources. Metrolink may use this statistical information to improve our products and services, which may include providing anonymous statistical information to our Member Agencies or other organizations and partners.
Metrolink retains personal data as long as necessary to provide and fulfill the services and transactions you have requested or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Actual retention periods can vary. The criteria we use to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long personal data is necessary for us to provide our services; (ii) whether the personal data is of a sensitive type; and (iii) whether Metrolink is subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data.
Remarketing
Metrolink uses Google, Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin, Twitter, Snapchat, Reddit, TikTok, and other third-party remarketing (otherwise known as retargeting) to market our services across the Internet. This remarketing process may involve Google, Facebook, Instagram, Linkedin, Twitter, Snapchat, Reddit, TikTok, or other third-party sites and some applications on our website using cookies or retargeting pixels and may present a Metrolink ad on a third-party site. Cookies are defined as small data files that write to your hard drive if your browser settings allow them. The only personal information that a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or retargeting pixels.
Metrolink may also use cookies or retargeting pixels to facilitate your visit to our website and to track user traffic patterns to help us improve our website. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or retargeting pixels. However, some applications on Metrolink’s website may require cookies to work as expected. Google, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat, Reddit, TikTok, or third-party sites read cookies. You may choose to opt out of remarketing campaigns through the following portals:
Google’s Ad personalization page
offers dozens of options for ad preferences.
If you are concerned about third-party cookies presenting Google ads and other ad networks, visit the
Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising
page from the Network Advertising Initiative.
You may opt out of Facebook/Instagram remarketing by visiting
Facebook Ads Preferences
.
You may opt out of Twitter remarketing by visiting your
Privacy Controls
.
You may opt out of Linkedin remarketing by visiting
Linkedin Retargeting Opt Out
You may opt out of Snapchat remarketing by visiting
Audience-Based Ads
You may opt out of Reddit remarketing by visiting
Personalization
You may opt out of TikTok remarketing by visiting
"Your Choices"
External websites
We may provide links from this website to external sites that other public agencies or private organizations maintain, and therefore are subject to their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review these external sites’ privacy policies to determine the risks associated with using these sites.
Metrolink’s obligations to disclose certain information
Because Metrolink is a public agency, information that you provide to us on this website may be subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act. This means that if a member of the public requests this information, California law requires us to provide the information to the person requesting it unless it falls under one of the exceptions in the Public Records Act. Metrolink may also be required to disclose this information pursuant to some other law or a court order.
Metrolink may also disclose personal information to federal, state or local law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to Metrolink’s information technology assets or against other inappropriate use of the Metrolink website or other Metrolink property.
Personal data on minors
Metrolink does not direct any part of its website to children under 18 years old (or such age as a child is defined by local law if higher) and does not knowingly collect personal data from children or target its website or services to children.
SMS data
No mobile information will be sold or shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be sold or shared with any third parties/affiliates.
How we protect the privacy of our customer
Metrolink is committed to protecting personal information collected through our website against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, Metrolink takes measures to protect the privacy of information that customers submit through our website. Metrolink limits access to personal information we collect through our website only to those employees and contractors who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties or contracted services. Metrolink employees and contractors who have access to this information are required to maintain its confidentiality and are not permitted to sell, disclose or otherwise use customer data except as set forth in this policy.
Metrolink has implemented security features throughout our site to prevent unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, our team keeps database information firewall protected and separate from live servers. We have integrated security procedures into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of the Metrolink website as part of our continuing commitment to the security of customer data. Metrolink also employs traffic monitoring software to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage our website. Please be advised, however, that although Metrolink has taken steps to create a secure and reliable site for you, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Metrolink via this site or e-mail cannot be guaranteed. When disclosing any personal information, you should remain mindful that your data is potentially accessible to the public for unauthorized collection and use.
How you can access your data
You have the right to learn what personal information Metrolink’s records contain about you. If you believe this information is inaccurate or incomplete, you may provide us with verified accurate and complete information. If you would like us to delete your personal data, Metrolink will honor your request. Please note, however, that (1) deleting your data may result in service or price changes and (2) we may be unable to delete certain data, in which cases we would maintain the data behind a firewall to prevent access or use. For any of the above, contact us at (800) 371-5465 or submit your request
here
.
Metrolink will deliver personal information requests that we are required to disclose to you in the manner required by law within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable request, unless we notify you that we require additional time to respond, in which case we will respond within such additional period of time required by law. We may deliver the Personal Information to you through your account, if you maintain an account with us, or electronically or by mail at your option.
Your rights regarding personal data
Metrolink provides the following rights:
You have a right to request your personal data that we collect, use, disclose, or sell.
You have a right to request that we delete your personal data.
You have a right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data. Please note that Metrolink and its partners/vendors do not sell customers’ personal data.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising of the privacy rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Metrolink will respect your exercise of the above rights.
To submit your request, please click here.
Consent
By accessing this website, you consent to the information collection and use practices this policy describes.
Changes to Metrolink’s Privacy Policy
Metrolink reserves its right to modify this policy without further notice. If we change our privacy policy, we will post the new privacy policy on our website. Therefore, we encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically, to learn of any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to the terms of this policy signifies your acceptance of these changes.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy:
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Opt Out
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
January 6, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Crazy Egg, Inc. (“Crazy Egg”, “we”, “us”, “our”) on our websites located at the domains crazyegg.com, crazyeggvcr.com, and crazyeggproxy.com, as well as such other websites or mobile applications that we own or operate (individually and collectively, “Our Website” or the “Crazy Egg Website”).
Scope of this Privacy Policy
As further discussed, below, data protection laws, regulations, and directives in certain jurisdictions distinguish between the rights and responsibilities of “Controller(s)” of personal information or data (“Information”), from those who are “Processor(s)” of such Information or data on the applicable controllers’ behalf. Crazy Egg is generally the controller of Information that it collects from and about the persons and entities who are visiting Our Website (“Crazy Egg Visitors”), and this Privacy Policy applies to Crazy Egg Visitors.
We also provide certain services to commercial persons and entities (each, a “Client” and collectively, “Clients”), who, in turn, own and operate their own websites or mobile applications (“Client Site(s)”), and who wish to utilize our code, software and services and reports (the “Service(s)”) to analyze how third party visitors to their Client Sites (“Client Site Visitor(s)”) use, interact with, and engage their Client Sites. The applicable Clients are the Controllers of Information collected from their Client Site Visitors, whether or not such information is accessed, analyzed, or otherwise utilized by or on behalf of the Client via the Service (“Client Visitor Information”); Crazy Egg is not the Controller of such Client Visitor Information. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of Services by our Clients. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the Client Sites themselves, nor to any Client Visitor Information. For any questions regarding the privacy, security, or other practices or policies on the Client Sites, please contact the applicable Client.
Information Collected from Crazy Egg Visitors
Device Information from Crazy Egg Visitors
We may receive and collect certain Information furnished by the visitor's browser or otherwise by their access device (“Device Information”), such as:
Browser Information
Operating System Information
Mobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)
IP address (stored in anonymized form)
Page Accessed
Geographic Location
Time of visit (by day, week, and duration)
Whether the visitor is a new or return visitor
Other such Information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device.
Referral Information
We may also receive certain information regarding visitors from the prior website visited by such visitors (“Referral Information”). For instance, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from another website, Crazy Egg may receive certain information from the referring website (i.e., the last website the visitor visited before visiting the Crazy Egg Website) as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ("HTTP") request. For example, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from a search engine, Crazy Egg may receive information contained in the referring URL for the applicable search query, such as the terms the Crazy Egg Visitor was searching for before visiting the Crazy Egg Website.
Registration Information from Crazy Egg Clients
When Crazy Egg Visitors register as Clients to use the Crazy Egg Service, register to use a trial version of the Crazy Egg Service, or request additional information about Crazy Egg, Crazy Egg may require Information, such as name, employer or company name, e-mail, mailing address, phone number, financial information (e.g., credit card number, billing address), and/or proposed Client Site to be tracked, to process the registration or request ("Client Registration Information").
Session Recording Information
We may use session recording software on the Crazy Egg Website. This software enables us to record Crazy Egg Visitors’ use, interaction, and engagement with the Crazy Egg Website. This software may capture user input, such as mouse and keyboard inputs and mobile gestures, and user views, such as browser or screen output. We use this software to help us optimize Crazy Egg Visitors’ experience. By using the Crazy Egg Website, you consent to our use of session recording software.
Crazy Egg’s Use of Crazy Egg Visitor Information
Crazy Egg may use Information of Crazy Egg Visitors, including Device Information and Referral Information of Crazy Egg Visitors and Client Registration Information, to:
authenticate Client’s access to the Crazy Egg Site, trial versions, or Service;
process and fulfill Client requests or purchases;
register Client accounts;
check the Crazy Egg Visitor’s qualifications for registration and/or to bill Crazy Egg Clients for the Services.
Crazy Egg may also use Client Information to:
provide Crazy Egg's products and Services, personalize and tailor your experience on the Crazy Egg Website;
operate our business;
understand how Clients are engaging with Crazy Egg Website and Service;
request additional information necessary to process or fulfill an order;
assess Client satisfaction with the Crazy Egg Service;
inform Clients that an upgrade is available; or to contact Clients with information about Crazy Egg, including information about new or existing products and services or special offers. For example, we may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and Services to the email address associated with a registered account.
Otherwise for our legitimate business interests.
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Crazy Egg may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”.
Use of Cookies by the Service
As described in our Cookie Policy, the Service may utilize first-party cookies (small text files that Crazy Egg stores locally on a Client Site Visitor’s device) on Client Sites for one or more of the following purposes: to help identify whether a Client Site Visitor is a first time visitor, or has visited previously (provided that we will not store identifiers that can be used to personally identify such Client Site Visitors); assess usage patterns and perform traffic analysis; identify preferences; diagnose problems with our Service; analyze trends; and otherwise administer Crazy Egg products and services. Cookies placed by Crazy Egg on the computers of Client Site Visitors do not include Personally Identifiable Information such as name, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address, nor does Crazy Egg link cookies to such Personally Identifiable Information on our servers or databases.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference.
Information Collected by or on Behalf of Our Clients via the Service
Crazy Egg Clients use the Service to obtain information regarding how Client Site Visitors to their Client Sites are interacting with such Client Sites. This Service allows a Crazy Egg Client to evaluate and potentially modify its Client Site based on its findings regarding Client Site Visitors use and interaction with the Client Site.
Types of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg Clients may use the Service to collect, store, and analyze Client Visitor Information, on the Client’s behalf as the Controller of such Client Visitor Information, on Crazy Egg's servers, as the Client’s Processor of such Client Visitor Information. Such Client Visitor Information is transmitted in encrypted form, and pursuant to applicable data transfer provisions further described below. The Service may process such Client Visitor Information on behalf of the Client, to perform analyses and produce reports for the Crazy Egg Client. The interactions that may be recorded or analyzed (“Recorded Interactions”) may include mouse scrolls and clicks by a Client Site Visitor; and/or pages viewed or visited by a Client Site Visitor, including the duration of such visits. Recorded Interactions may also include images of the Client Site that are recorded during the Client Site Visitor’s interactions with such Client Site, such as, by way of example, images of forms displayed or populated by the Client Site Visitor on the Client Site, or other multimedia content that may be posted by Client Site Visitors. Such Client Visitor Information may also include Device Information and/or Referral Information from the Client Site Visitor. Client Visitor Information is provided to Clients in the form of aggregated reports and/or statistics that identify the collective behavior of Client Visitors to the Client's Site. Clients will also have access to Recorded Interactions through the Service.
Our Processing of Client Visitor Information.
As the Processor of Client Visitor Information, we will process Client Visitor Information only in compliance with the applicable Client’s instructions regarding the processing of Client Visitor Information, including any applicable
terms
, but subject to applicable laws and regulations regarding such Client Visitor Information, and as otherwise required by applicable law and regulations.
Crazy Egg Disclaimers Regarding Personally Identifying Information of Client Site Visitors.
Crazy Egg's Service is not designed to knowingly collect or extract from Client Visitor Information (including any Recorded Interactions or Device Information received from Client Sites through the Service) information that could be used to personally identify Client Site Visitors, such as a Client Site Visitor’s name, address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information") when a Client Site Visitor visits a Client Site that uses the Crazy Egg Service. Crazy Egg also generally prohibits Clients from collecting Personally Identifiable Information using the Service or otherwise providing Personally Identifiable Information of Client Site Visitors to Crazy Egg in connection with the Service.
Crazy Egg Does Not Collect Visitor Information Across Multiple Sites
Crazy Egg does not collect or aggregate information about visitor behavior on multiple, different websites.
Retention and Deletion of Client Visitor Information.
Crazy Egg will retain Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable
terms
and as required by applicable law. Client agrees and acknowledges that the deletion of Client Visitor Information may affect the delivery or performance of the Service. Crazy Egg will comply with such instructions to delete Client Visitor Information as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require retention or earlier deletion. Crazy Egg may retain Client Registration Information as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the other
terms
. This may include keeping Client Registration Information after the account has been deactivated as needed for Crazy Egg to pursue legitimate business interests, record keeping procedures, legal compliance, preservation of rights, security purposes, and enforcement of legal and contractual rights.
Client agrees and acknowledges that it will be responsible for exporting any Client Visitor Information or Client Registration Information that it wishes to retain following the termination of the
terms
Crazy Egg's Sharing and Disclosure of Crazy Egg Visitor Information and Client Visitor Information.
This section describes the manner and extent to which Crazy Egg may share and disclose Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary below or elsewhere herein, as between a Client and Crazy Egg, the Client is solely responsible for its policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Client Visitor Information as the Controller of such Information.
Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client Visitor Information.
Except to the limited extent described otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg never sells or shares any Client Visitor Information with individuals or companies other than the specific Client from whose Client Site Crazy Egg collected the Client Visitor Information.
Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client’s Personally Identifiable Information.
With the exception of the limited circumstances discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg does not provide Clients' Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for any purpose.
Disclosure Pursuant to the Client’s Instructions.
Crazy Egg will share and disclose Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable
Terms
, and otherwise in compliance with but subject to applicable laws and regulations.
Subprocessors.
We may utilize affiliates or third parties as subprocessors of the Information, to support the Services, and otherwise to support the conduct of our business, to provide, by way of example, service such as computing and storage services. We will use subprocessors subject to contracts that are substantially as protective of Personally Identifiable Information as those contained herein, and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with Article 28(3) of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. For further information regarding our use of subprocessors, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Our Affiliates.
We may share Information hereunder with our corporate affiliates provided that such affiliates are obligated, contractually or otherwise under applicable laws, to be bound by our obligations with respect to such Information.
Change of Control.
If Crazy Egg, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company or successor entity, the Information hereunder will be one of the assets transferred or acquired by the purchaser or successor. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any purchaser of or successor to Crazy Egg or its assets may continue to collect, use and disclose your Information as set forth in this policy.
Payment Processors.
Like many companies that accept payment by credit card, Crazy Egg relies on third-party payment processors to process financial payments. When you make payments to Crazy Egg to obtain or use Crazy Egg's products or services, Crazy Egg may share Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, address, and credit card information, with qualified third parties in order to process your order.
Law Enforcement/Legal Process.
Crazy Egg reserves the right to disclose any Information (including Personally Identifiable Information): (1) to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request, if and to the extent that we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process; (2) to enforce, apply, or investigate breaches of the
Terms
or other agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property, user experience, or safety of Crazy Egg, our employees, our users, our Clients, or others.
Aggregated, Anonymized, Pseudonymized, or De-identified Information.
We may disclose or use aggregated, anonymized, pseudonymized, or otherwise de-identified Information for any purpose.
Transfer of Data Abroad; International Users.
Our Website is directed to visitors from the United States of America. If you are visiting Our Website or a Client Site from a country other than the United States of America the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. By using Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.
If we are asked by a Client to transfer Personally Identifying Information from a Client Site in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom to other countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regulations under applicable data protection law, we will offer to enter into the European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, or such other equivalent clauses issued by the applicable country, with the Client. To request to enter into such clauses, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Security and Protection of Visitor Information and Client Information
Crazy Egg implements security mechanisms to protect Visitor Information and Client Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Examples of these security mechanisms include limited and password-protected access, firewalls, and SSL encryption to protect transmission of data, as further described above and in our
Terms of Use
. For additional questions or information regarding our security standards, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Policy Concerning Children Under Age of 16
Crazy Egg does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 16. If we learn that we have Personally Identifiable Information of a child under age 16, we will remove it. If you believe we have Personally Identifiable Information about a child under the age of 16, please notify us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Crazy Egg retains the discretion to amend or modify this policy from time to time. Use and disclosure of Information we obtain is subject to the later of: (1) the policy in effect at the time such visitor Information or Client Information is collected or (2) any subsequent policy to which you agree or of which you have notice, if you elect to use Crazy Egg or a Crazy Egg Client Site (including the Crazy Egg Website) following such acceptance or notice. If we make material changes in the way we use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you through one or more of the following means: a direct communication to your Crazy Egg account, a communication to the e-mail address associated with your account, or a clear and prominent announcement on the Crazy Egg Website. Your continued access to or use of Crazy Egg or websites that use Crazy Egg following notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute consent to any amendments and/or modifications.
For More Information / Your Information Rights
Privacy Officer / Notices.
Crazy Egg welcomes any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including regarding any disclosure of third party information for direct marketing purposes. Any such comments or questions should be submitted via e-mail to: privacy@crazyegg.com.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information or other Information Stored at Crazy Egg
At any time, a Crazy Egg Client or Crazy Egg Visitor may access and/or modify their Personally Identifiable Information or other Information stored by Crazy Egg on their behalf, to enable them to access, rectify and restrict processing of their respective Information, and allow them to export their Information, by accessing their Crazy Egg account and contacting us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
California Information Rights.
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light” law), California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year certain disclosures about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information, and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information, for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2019 sharing activities). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@crazyegg.com with a subject line of “Request for California Privacy Information.” Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Our practices with respect to such signals are set forth in
https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out
.
Manage my cookie preferences
Edit preferences
close modal
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg.
Customize your cookies
We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg.
Essential cookies
toggle marketing cookie consent
Cookies that are essential to the use and operation of our website and services.
Marketing and advertising
toggle marketing cookie consent
Cookies that are used by Crazy Egg to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information.
Analytics
toggle analytics cookie consent
Cookies that help us understand how visitors engage with our website, such as usage statistics, or to reconstruct viewed UI elements in order to improve our services.
Accept cookies
Edit cookies
Save preferences
Cancel
Opt out
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Sub-policy 1
https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads:
Skip to main content
Help Center
Using X
Managing your account
Safety and security
Rules and policies
Resources
New user FAQ
Glossary
A safer X
Accessibility
Our rules
My privacy
How we address misinformation on X
Recommender Systems
Sign in
Contact Us
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
Help Center
Your privacy controls for personalized ads
About personalized ads
We work with ads partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content through interest-based advertising. For example, we may do this based on information that ad partners share with us. We hope that this increases the usefulness of X Ads for you.
Here’s one way it would work. Let’s say a flower shop wants to advertise a Valentine’s Day special on X. They’d prefer to show their ad to floral enthusiasts who subscribe to their newsletter. To get the special offer to those people who are using X, the shop may share with us hashed emails from their mailing list. We can then match that to a hash of emails that our users have associated with their accounts in order to show them a Promoted post for the Valentine’s Day deal on X.
Another way this works is when a person visits the flower shop’s website. In that case, depending on technologies implemented by the shop’s website, X may collect information through pixels and similar technologies that enable the shop owner to advertise through X and reach those visitors with a Valentine’s Day offer. For more information about pixels and similar technologies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
.
About X marketing
In addition to helping advertisers to reach their audiences on X, X also works with third-party advertising partners, including Google, to market X’s own services, including through the delivery of interest-based ads. These partners may also serve ads on behalf of X advertisers. The privacy options described below apply to interest-based ads served by X; they do not apply to ads served by these other companies, including on X’s behalf. You can learn more about opting out of receiving interest-based ads from other companies at
optout.aboutads.info
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s
opt-out browser add-on
, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using
Google’s Ads Settings
.
What are my privacy options?
If you don't want X to combine your activity on X with other online activity from our partners to show you interest-based ads on and off of X, there are several ways to turn off this feature:
Using your X settings, visit the
Ads preferences
settings and disable the
Personalized ads
setting.
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool at
optout.aboutads.info
to opt out of seeing interest-based advertising from X in your current browser.
On iOS 13 and previous versions only, if you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for iOS on your current mobile device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting in your iOS phone’s settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). On iOS 14 and later versions only, if you don't want X to access your iOS Identifier for Advertising, disable the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings (precise directions may be different on different iOS versions). If you do not want X to show you interest-based ads in X for Android on your current mobile device, enable “Opt out of Ads Personalization” in your Android phone’s settings.
Note:
Please confirm that you are logged in if you want to view or change the web settings for your X account. Changing your X settings in your web browser when you are logged out will only affect behavior on that browser while you are not logged in to X.
Opting out of X’s interest-based ads won’t stop you from seeing X ads altogether. For example, you may still see ads on X that are personalized based on other information, including what you post, who you follow, what type of phone you use, where you are, and the links you click on X.
Share this article
Post
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies