Cookies help us figure out what works and doesn’t work on our website. It would be great if you hit the ‘accept’ button. To learn more about our approach, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
Manage settings
Accept
Decline
Product
The Element App
Element Server Suite
The Matrix Standard
Hosting
Solutions
Build
Partners
Sectors
Use cases
Customers
Matrix in Germany
Resources
User guide
Help
Labs
Contact Sales
Matrix Conf videos
Blog
Pricing
Download
Sign In
Open Element web
Admin dashboard
Get started
Product
The Element App
Element Server Suite
The Matrix Standard
Hosting
Solutions
Build
Partners
Sectors
Use cases
Customers
Matrix in Germany
Resources
User guide
Help
Labs
Contact Sales
Matrix Conf videos
Sign In
Open Element web
Admin dashboard
Blog
Pricing
Download
Get started
Privacy policy
.
1. Introduction
1.1 English, Not Legalese
Most Terms of Use and Privacy Policy documents are unreadable. They are written by lawyers and for lawyers, and in our opinion are not very effective.
Privacy is important, and we want you to understand the issues involved. For that reason we decided to use plain English as much as possible, to make our position as clear as possible. Some sections still have room for improvement - we plan to tackle these over time and remain open to feedback.
Where you read 'Element', ‘Element Matrix Services’, ‘EMS’, ‘the Element app store’, ‘ESS’ or ‘element.io’ it refers to all services made available at
https://element.io
for:
The Element chat app, an open source Matrix client which you can use to connect to any server that implements the Matrix protocol;
The purchase, provisioning, configuration, monitoring and management of hosted homeservers and associated services via the Element Server Suite (ESS), Element Matrix Services (EMS), or the Element app store.
Where you read 'homeserver', 'homeservers' or 'the Homeserver', it refers to the services configured within Element which store the user account and personal conversation history, provide additional functionality such as bots and bridges, and (where enabled by the Customer) communicate via the open Matrix decentralised communication protocol with the public Matrix Network.
Where you read ‘the Service’ in this document, it refers to the Element chat app instances exposed on
https://element.io
(or subdomains) by New Vector Ltd (trading as Element), and hosted instances via EMS and/or ESS.
Where you read 'Element' or 'we' or 'us' below, it refers to Element, a trading name of New Vector Ltd., its French subsidiary: Element Software SARL, its U.S. subsidiary: Element Software Inc, its German subsidiary: Element Software GmbH, and their agents.
Element is the Data Controller for your data. We can be contacted as per the details below:
Email: dpo@element.io
Postal address:
Element
c/o New Vector Ltd
10 Queen Street Place
London
United Kingdom
EC4R 1AG
Should you have other questions or concerns about this document, please send us an email to
dpo@element.io
.
1.2 Scope of This Document
This document explains how we process personal data, as it relates to:
Element chat app users
: Element chat app users use Element to connect to any server that implements the Matrix Protocol.
Element Customers
: Element Customers use EMS and ESS to provision and manage hosted homeservers. Apart from where otherwise noted, this document does
not
address data protection issues relating to the messaging and file data submitted by Users to the hosted homeserver instances, as this is the legal responsibility of the Customer. For general Terms of Use for Homeserver users, please see our
Software and Services Level Agreement (SSLA)
.
This document does not cover:
Your relationship with the Matrix server if it isn't provided by Element
: Your account details and preferences, messages, files and any other data you share via the Matrix protocol are the responsibility of the Matrix server, and it is the provider of that server's job to make sure your data is handled appropriately and that you are well informed.
Your relationship with identity servers
: you might choose to use an identity server, to allow other Matrix users to discover you via the Element app. This is optional and requires your explicit consent to discover users from your personal contacts. For the identity server made available by us, please see the
Identity Server Privacy Policy
.
If you are using the
matrix.org
server provided by the Matrix Foundation, you can find the relevant Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions
here
.
1.3 The Customer and the User
This document is designed to explain Data Protections issues relating to Element Customers and Users. Put simply, you're a Customer if you're paying (or otherwise compensating) Element to provide a dedicated hosted messaging service. If you have an account registered on a homeserver that you use to send and receive messages, or use the Element chat app to connect any server within the Matrix Protocol, you are a User.
It is possible to be both a Customer and a User, but we encourage you to consider these roles separately when thinking about Data Protection concerns.
1.4 Changes to This Document
Over time we may make changes to this document. If we make a material change we will provide the Customer with reasonable notice prior to the change. We will set forth the date upon which the changes will become effective; any use of Element by the Customer, or any use of Services  by a User will constitute their acceptance of these changes.
Your access and use of Element is always subject to the most current version of this document.
2. Access to Your Data
2.1 What is the legal basis for processing my data and how does this affect my rights under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)?
2.1.1 Legal Basis for Processing
Element has different legal basis for processing, based on which product you are using:
Element Users
: we collect your IP address when you request access to the Element client from our web server. This data is collected under
Legitimate Interest
, to support operational maintenance and to protect against malicious actions against our infrastructure.
Element Customers
: your data is processed under
Performance of Contract
. This means that we process your data only as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you, or to engage with you to do something before entering into a contract (such as providing a quote);
2.1.2 Data Ownership - Messaging and File data within hosted homeservers
The Customer can use ESS to provision and manage hosted Matrix homeservers. The Customer owns and controls all messages and files submitted to their homeserver by User accounts registered natively on their homeserver. This ownership does not extend to messages and files submitted over federation or bridging.
This means that, in addition to the usual data access controls defined by the Matrix protocol, all unencrypted messages and files can be accessed by the Customer, and that access is retained even if no User account within the system retains access to the data.
2.1.3 Your Rights as Data Subject
You have rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances. Some of these rights are explored in more detail elsewhere in this document. For completeness, your rights under GDPR are:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
For more information about these rights, please see
the guidance provided by the ICO
. If you have any questions or are unsure how to exercise your rights, please contact us at
dpo@element.io
.
2.2 What Information Do You Collect About Me and Why?
The information we collect is for the purpose of supporting your management of hosted homeservers, or to support operational maintenance of the Element apps. We do not profile homeserver Users or their data, but we might profile metadata pertaining to the configuration and management of hosted homeservers so that we can improve our products and services.
2.2.1 Information you provide to us:
We collect information about you when you input it to the Element or Element Matrix Services apps or otherwise provide it directly to us.
ESS and EMS Customer Account and Profile Information
We collect information when you register for an account. This information is kept to a minimum on purpose, and is restricted to:
Email address
Authentication Identifier; one of:
Email address and password
Twitter id
Google id
Your authentication identifier is used to authenticate your access to Element Matrix Services at
https://ems.host
and to uniquely identify you.
You will be given the choice to set up 2-Factor Authentication to secure your account. For 2FA over SMS, we will require your phone number. This information will be shared with
Twilio
, a SMS service provider.
ESS and EMS Account Transaction and Billing Information
Paying for hosted homeserver services is handled entirely by our payment processor,
Stripe
. The processor stores your credit card information as well as your billing contact information in order to process your monthly or annual automatic renewals, or to allow you to upgrade or downgrade your subscription without re-entering a credit card number.
We never have access to, nor store your full credit card information.
The payment processor code we use also sets a cookie in your browser, to remember your information for future purchases. You can
delete or block that cookie
if you wish; our website will continue to work.
We require you to enter your billing information. This data, as well as the last four digits of your credit card, is sent to us by our payment processor, and is stored in our transaction database in order to maintain our financial records. This information appears on your invoice, which can be accessed by anyone who has been sent the url link to your invoice. We make the invoice links purposefully long and hard to guess for added security, and we prevent search engines from indexing them.
The history of changes to the billing contact information on the invoice made by you or our team are logged and stored in our transaction database.
The data we collect in our transaction database, including Personal Data, is not shared with third parties, except for the purposes of determining the validity of a payment. In this case we may share the name and email address associated with the purchase with the credit card holder, your company's accounting department, or with our payment processor when responding to a chargeback.
We use a third-party,
Quaderno
, to help us with tax automation within our billing system.
Lead generation and marketing information
We might collect information about you through adverts placed in third-party platforms such as
LinkedIn
,
Twitter
or
Google
. Whenever you click an advert on these platforms you may be asked to provide details such as:
Email address
Organisation of employment
Job title
Within each of these adverts you will be notified of the legal basis under which your data will be processed. This information will be stored on our marketing automation platform
Salesloft
and our CRM systems
Salesforce
, and will be processed in accordance with this policy. We also use
Hubspot
to manage our website analytics and marketing automation.
2.2.2 Information we collect automatically as you use the service:
Connection Information
We log the IP addresses of everyone who accesses Element. This data is used in order to mitigate abuse, debug operational issues, and monitor traffic patterns. Our logs are kept for:
30 days, for Customer IP addresses;
180 days, for Element chat app IP addresses;
180 days, for rageshakes.
Usage Information
We track usage data for Element hosting services. When you are signed in to your account we may track your usage of the site and associate that information with your account details. This data helps us understand how our users are using the application so that we can make improvements to the Service.
Our analytics are powered by the Free and Open Source analytics platform
Matomo
, hosted entirely within our network. The servers which host this data are located in London, United Kingdom. We don't share any analytics data with third parties.
If you are using the Element app, you will be asked to opt-in to this anonymised data collection. Your use of the Service does not rely on your opt-in to this. When using any of the Element chat clients after opt-in, your visit to the service will be logged, alongside your device ID and agent. This allows us to understand usage patterns based on each platform. The mapping of this data is logged for 28 days - from this point on only aggregated data is kept, for operational and statistical purposes. For further details on our collection and usage of analytics data, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
When reporting errors we might collect some information to help us find a solution. This may include your IP address, hostname, full name and e-mail address. This information is collated in the application monitoring platform
Sentry
. Submitted error reports are kept for 180 days.
Location Information
We may collect location data on you, if you choose to use the static or live location sharing  features within the Element app. This includes your longitude, altitude and latitude data in order to accurately calculate your precise location.
Location data is held within the room in which it is shared, so it will be encrypted in encrypted rooms and not encrypted in rooms where encryption is switched off. You will be shown a disclaimer during your first time using this feature, but please apply caution and consideration when sharing your personal data within the app.
The Element clients use the third-party service
MapTiler
to provide the images used to display maps.
Element Call
To provide the Element Call service, including audio and video calls, Element processes network and usage information including IP addresses for the meeting participants as well as the specified URL used to host the meeting. Additionally, Element collects participant usernames (made up of a Matrix ID and device ID) as well as timestamps and data associated with the type of call (e.g. audio or video).
Element Call is end-to-end encrypted, therefore no additional data about calls is processed.
For ESS we use a self-hosted version of LiveKit by default within Element Call, although customers have the option to use LiveKit Cloud. For call.element.io we use LiveKit Cloud, for more details on LiveKit’s processing of data please refer to their
privacy policy
. LiveKit has no access to Element customer data.
Push functions
Push tokens are generally used to authenticate a device against a push service. These allow for notifications received on Apple and Android devices to display information about a notification, such as who the sender is. The tokens generated by this function are not linked to a Matrix ID, but to a physical device instead
This functionality means the operating system provider will be able to see metadata such as a roomID or eventID, but all other processing is done locally on your device. This means that no encrypted data is ever decrypted or shared externally, even using this function.
‍
2.4 Sharing Data in Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights
In exceptional circumstances, we may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to:
(a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request,
(b) protect the security or integrity of our products and services (e.g. for a security audit),
(c) protect Element and our users from harm or illegal activities, or
(d) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the serious bodily harm of any person.
Shared information is exclusively limited to what we are technically able to see, which means end-to-end encrypted information is never accessed by our teams or shared externally.
2.5 How Do You Handle Passwords?
We never store password data in plain text; instead they are stored hashed (with at least 12 rounds of bcrypt, including both a salt and a server-side pepper secret). Passwords sent to the server are encrypted using SSL.
It is your sole responsibility to keep your user name, password and other sensitive information confidential. Actions taken using your credentials shall be deemed to be actions taken by you, with all consequences including service termination, civil and criminal penalties.
Users should manage good password hygiene (e.g. using a password manager) and change their password if they believe their account is compromised.
If you forget your password (and you have registered an email address) you can use the password reset facility to reset it. If you have not associated an email address with your account and forget your password your account will be deemed lost. For your own privacy and security we do not reset passwords on any account.
2.6 Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
We never knowingly collect or maintain information in Element, through any of the Services provided, from those we know are under 18, and no part of Element is structured to attract anyone under 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Service.
2.7 How Can I Access or Correct My Information?
If you are a customer of Element Matrix Services (EMS) you can access all personal information that we collect by using the account management interface at
https://element.io
You can download a copy of all your data as per section 2.1.3.
If you are a user of the Element chat app you can request a copy of your data by emailing
dpo@element.io
. We are working on a solution which will allow you to download the data automatically.
If you want to correct any of your information you can do so within the settings area of the Element app.
Currently, when deprovisioning a server or redacting messages these are stored for 7 days before their permanent deletion. This includes all forms of media.
2.8 Who Can See My Homeserver Configuration?
Non-encrypted data stored by Element is accessible by the Customer's account and by Element engineers (employees and contractors) under the conditions outlined below.
2.9 What Are the Guidelines that Element Follows When Accessing My Data?
We restrict who at Element (employees and contractors) can access Element non-encrypted data to roles which require access in order to maintain the health of the Element apps and services. We also enable logs and have strict access control procedures, in accordance with ISO 27001:2022.
We never share what we see with other users or the general public.
We never make attempts to decrypt encrypted data.
2.10 Who Else Has Access to My Data?
We host the Element Matrix Services on Amazon Web Services (AWS), specifically:
Our admin server is hosted in an AWS data centre in Amsterdam;
Our deployment server is hosted in an AWS data centre in Stockholm;
Customer deployments have the option to select the geographical location which is the most convenient for them;
Amazon employees may have access to some of this data. Here's
Amazon's privacy policy
. Amazon controls physical access to their locations.
We use Cloudflare to mitigate the risk of DDoS attacks. Here's
CloudFlare's privacy policy
.
Physical access to our offices and locations use typical physical access restrictions.
We use secure private keys when accessing servers via SSH, and protect our AWS console passwords locally with a password management tool.
Nobody at Element, or any of our processors, is able to access encrypted data.
2.11 What happens if Element is sold?
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our users will be one of the transferred assets.
2.12 How Is My Data Protected from Another User's Data?
All of the Element user data resides within the same dedicated cluster. We use software best practices to guarantee that only the Customer can access it. In other words, we segment User data via software. We do our best and are very confident we're doing a good job at it, but, like every other service that hosts User data on the same database, we cannot guarantee that it is immune to a sophisticated attack.
2.13 What Should I Do If I Find a Security Vulnerability in the Service?
If you have discovered a security concern, please email us at security@element.io. We'll work with you to make sure that we understand the scope of the issue, and that we fully address your concern. Information security is our highest priority, and we work to address any issues that arise as quickly as possible.
Please act in good faith towards our users' privacy and data during your disclosure. White hat security researchers are always appreciated. For further details please consult our
Security Disclosure Policy
.
3. Making a Complaint
We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using personal information. For this reason, we take any complaints we receive about this very seriously. We encourage people to bring it to our attention at dpo@element.io if they think that our collection or use of information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate. We would also welcome any suggestions for improving our procedures.
If you want to make a complaint about the way we have processed your personal information to the supervisory authority, you can contact the ICO (the statutory body which oversees data protection law in the UK) at
https://www.ico.org.uk/concerns
.
4. CCPA and CPRA Addendum
‍
This California Consumer Privacy Act and California Privacy Rights Act Addendum ("CCPA and CPRA Addendum") supplements the Element Data Processing Agreement and any applicable Order Forms and Services Addenda (“Agreement”). It is effective upon acceptance of Element’s Software and Services License Agreement(“SSLA”).
‍
This CCPA and CPRA Addendum is being entered into pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and the California Privacy Rights Act 2020 and reflects the parties’ agreement on the processing of Personal Information by Element pursuant to the Agreement. Except as otherwise modified by this CCPA and CPRA Addendum, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.
‍
Definitions.
Capitalized terms not defined in this CCPA and CPRA Addendum shall have the same meaning given to them in the Agreement. In this CCPA and CPRA Addendum:
‍
(a)
"CCPA"
means the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, including amendments and final regulations.
(b)
“CPRA”
means the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, and its implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time.
(c)
"Personal Information"
has the same meaning given to it under section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
(d)
"Commercial Purposes," "Sell," and "Service Provider"
have the meanings assigned to them in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
‍
Relationships of the Parties.
Subject to the terms of this CCPA and CPRA Addendum, Element will act as the Customer’s Service Provider solely with respect to Personal Information. The Customer is responsible for compliance with its own obligations as a business under CCPA and CPRA and shall ensure that it has provided notice and has obtained or shall obtain all consents and rights necessary under the CCPA and the CPRA for Element to collect and process the personal information for the Services specified in the Agreement.
‍
Restrictions.
Element will not: (i) sell (as defined in the CCPA) Personal Information, (ii) collect, retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the Services specified in the Agreement, including collecting, retaining, using, or disclosing Personal Information for any Commercial Purpose other than providing the Services specified in the Agreement unless otherwise permitted under the CCPA and CPRA, or (iii) retain, use or disclose personal data outside the direct business relationship between the parties.
‍
Data Subject Requests:
Where Element acts as the Customer’s Service Provider it will reasonably assist the customer with any data subject rights under the CCPA and CPRA, unless Element has direct permission to carry out any data subject rights on behalf of the customer.
‍
Effect of CCPA and CPRA Addendum
: In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms of this CCPA and CPRA Addendum and the terms of the Agreement with respect to the subject matter and only where the CCPA and CPRA applies the terms of this CCPA and CPRA Addendum shall prevail.
5. Document History
2018, March 28: Policy document for public homeserver exposed at
https://matrix.org
was created.
2018, August 2: This document was derived from the above.
2020, July 15: Document revision
2020, August 14: Updates to section 2.2.2 and 2.10
2020, October 2: Update to section 2 to include Gitter user data and section 2.2.2 to include Sentry error log collection
2021, February 22: Updates to section 2, to include Element Home offering and update to section 2.2.1 to include marketing Information
2021, April 23: Updates to 1.1 to include US subsidiary and 2.2.1 to cover Twilio for 2FA
2021, October 11: updates to 2.2.1 to cover changes in Marketing subprocessors
2021, December 1: updates to 1.2 to define relationship with identity servers
2022, May 30: updates to 2.2.2 to include location sharing
2024, August 2: adding CCPA section
2025, February 24: annual review, adding details on Element call and push functions
‍
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://static.element.io/legal/identity-server-privacy-policy.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://livekit.io/legal/privacy-policy:
LiveKit Logo
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Security Overview
Sub-processors
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
Policies pertaining to acceptable uses of LiveKit's cloud-managed service.
Last Updated:
01/16/2023
This privacy policy (the “Policy”) for LiveKit Incorporated ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our products and/or services ("Services"), such as when you:
Visit our website at
https://livekit.io
, or any website of ours that links to this Policy
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this Policy will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@livekit.io
.
If there are any capitalized terms in this Policy that are not defined, then those terms will have the meaning defined in your agreement with us.
How LiveKit Processes Your Personal Information
“Personal information” or “personal data” includes a broad range of information. Data protection laws around the world define this concept in different ways, but in general, we interpret it to mean any information that relates to an identifiable, living individual person.
Some data protection laws and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions differentiate between “controllers” and “processors” of personal information. A controller decides why and how to process personal information. A processor does not make decisions about personal information; it only processes personal information on behalf of a controller based on the controller's instructions.
If you are a customer of LiveKit, we process your personal information in different ways when you use our Services:
We process your personal information as a customer of LiveKit's Services — information that we refer to as
Customer Account Data
(e.g., your contact information) — when you visit LiveKit's public-facing website like
https://livekit.io
; reach out to our Sales or Support teams; or sign up for a LiveKit Cloud account at
https://cloud.livekit.io
and use our Services.
We process the personal information of your end users who use or interact with your application that you've built on LiveKit's platform, like the people you communicate with by way of that application. This includes information we use to route audio and video calls and metadata about media streams — we refer to this information as “
Customer Usage Data
” — and it also includes the contents of communications, which we refer to as your “
Customer Content
”. You can see a more detailed definition of Customer Content in our
Data Processing Addendum
, which is part of our agreement with you.
LiveKit processes these categories of personal information differently because the direct relationship we have with you, our customer, is different from the indirect relationship we have with your end users.
When LiveKit processes your Customer Account Data and your Customer Usage Data, LiveKit is acting as a controller. When LiveKit processes your Customer Content, we are acting as a processor.
If you are a visitor to our website (by which we mean any website that links back to this Policy in its footer, such as to livekit.io), we collect a minimal amount of data about you (depending on how much you've chosen to share with us). This might be as little as an IP address or a cookie, and it might be your contact information. We also consider this Customer Account Data.
If you are an end user of a LiveKit customer, this Policy does not apply to the services that our customers provide to their end users. Our customers have their own policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of their end users. If you are an end user of one of our customers and want to learn about how that customer handles your personal information, we encourage you to read the customer's privacy policy. Only the customer can assist you with requests for access or deletion.
Data about our customers
In short, LiveKit requires the minimal amount of data necessary to provide Services to you, and the amount or type of data we collect depends on the product or service you choose or how you use it. If you choose to share additional information with us so that we can better customize your account and our Services, we'll process that with the same care and respect. We do not sell your personal information and we do not share your information with third parties for those third parties' own business interests. This Policy describes the data we collect from our customers at a high level, but you can always learn more by reading our
API docs
.
We use the information we collect and share it with our service providers primarily to provide the Services you've requested from us, and as needed for our operational purposes (e.g., to do the things we need to do to function as a business, such as to collect payment). In addition, we may use data about our customers to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and Services.
Data we process during account creation and account usage
When you sign up for an account with us, we ask for certain information like your contact details and billing information to facilitate payment and communication. We also collect some information automatically, like your IP address, when you log in to your account or when your software application built on LiveKit makes requests to our APIs. We use this to understand who is using our Services and how, and to detect, prevent and investigate fraud, abuse, or security incidents.
Information You Share Directly:
Name and contact information.
When you sign up for a LiveKit Cloud account with us, you authenticate using your Google or GitHub account. In doing so, we receive certain profile information about you from your selected authentication provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the authentication provider concerned, but will often include your email address and name. We collect this information so we know who you are — this helps us communicate with you about your account(s), recognize you when you communicate with us through the account portal ("
cloud dashboard
") or otherwise, bill you correctly, and provide other Services.
Payment information.
When you upgrade your free account, we'll ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card and your billing address. Our payment processor, Stripe, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. You may find their privacy policy link(s) here:
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Personalization details.
When you create a LiveKit Cloud project, we may ask you to complete an optional survey by providing details about yourself, your company (if applicable), your intended use of the product, and your reasons for choosing LiveKit. We may use this information for the purpose of determining eligibility for these products, improving our internal processes and Services or to train our team members.
Information We Generate or Collect Automatically:
Subdomains and API Keys
. When you create a project with LiveKit Cloud, we'll automatically assign your project a unique subdomain and generate an API keypair for it. These are used like a username and password to make API requests. Instead of using these API tokens, you can
provision API keys
and use your API keys for authentication when making requests to our APIs. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Device information and IP addresses.
When you use our cloud dashboard, we collect your IP address and other data through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. We use this information to understand how customers are using our platform, who those customers are (if they are a company and the IP address is associated with that company), what country they are logging in from (for analytics and export control purposes), and to help improve the navigation experience. You can learn more about cookies in the section titled “Cookies and Tracking Technologies” below.
When you use our cloud dashboard, we also collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution and general location information such as city or town. We do not collect precise geographical information.
Data we process from our website and interactions
When you visit our website we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies, and through web forms where you type in your information. We collect this information to provide you with what you request through the web form, to learn more about who is interested in our Services, and to improve navigation experience on our pages. You can learn more about cookies in the section titled "
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
" below.
Information You Share Directly:
On certain parts of our public-facing websites, you can fill out forms to request contact from our Sales team, sign up for newsletters, or participate in surveys. The personal information requested on these forms will vary depending on the purpose of the form. We will ask for information that is necessary to fulfill your request, such as your email address if you want to receive a newsletter or your phone number if you want to be contacted by a member of our Sales team. We may also ask for additional information to better understand our customers, such as your use case for LiveKit, your company name, or your job title. If you opt in to receive ongoing marketing communications from LiveKit, such as a newsletter, you can always choose to unsubscribe through a preferences page or by
contacting our Customer Support team
. This option will be included in any marketing emails you receive from LiveKit.
Our Sales and Customer Support teams keep a record of all communication with customers, including contact information and any other details shared during the conversation. This information is used to help us improve our Services, provide training to our team members, and manage our ongoing relationships with customers. It is important to be mindful of what information you share with these teams, as we store a record of these communications. To protect your privacy, it is best to avoid sharing sensitive personal information unless it is necessary for the teams to assist you. We will take appropriate measures to protect any sensitive information that is shared with us.
Information We Collect Automatically:
When you visit LiveKit websites, including web forms, we and our service providers may collect certain information using tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. This information helps us understand how visitors use our websites, which pages and features are most popular, and how we can improve our websites and track the performance of our advertisements. Tracking technologies also help improve the navigation experience on LiveKit websites. We do not sell this information to third parties. For more information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please see the section titled "Cookies and Tracking Technologies."
Marketing information
We use your email address to send you information about other LiveKit Services or events in which we think you may be interested. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from LiveKit. You can also
contact our Customer Support team
to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you delete your account.
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third-party providers. We use this information to help us understand our customer base better, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company's website URL. We also use this information to reach out to potential candidates for roles at LiveKit.
How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data
LiveKit will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you with our Services and to operate our business. If you ask LiveKit to delete specific personal information from your Customer Account Data (see '
Choices About Your Customer Account Data
' below), we will honor this request unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our Services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
More specifically, within 30 days following closure of your account, we will either delete other Customer Account Data or transform it such that it can no longer be used to identify you, with the following exceptions, depending on and in accordance with applicable law:
Customer Account Data is stored for up to 30 days following closure of your account. However, we may retain invoice records, including their digital equivalent, for longer periods for accounting, tax, and audit purposes.
We may retain your communications with LiveKit's Customer Support team for up to one year after your account is closed.
We may need to retain data due to special circumstances (such as due to an open investigation, audit, or other legal matter).
Data about our customers' end users
What Customer Usage Data and Customer Content LiveKit Processes and Why
We use
Customer Usage Data and Customer Content
to provide Services to you and to carry out necessary functions of our business as a communications service provider. We do not sell your end users' personal information and we do not share your end users' information with third parties for those third parties' own business interests.
End user personal information LiveKit processes when you, our customer, use our Services generally consists of audio, video, text message, and IP address information. The specific information and other end user personal information LiveKit processes and the reasons LiveKit processes it, depends on how you use our Services and which LiveKit Services you use. For that reason, our
API docs
are the best place to find information about our processing of personal information when you use that LiveKit product and service.
For LiveKit's customers, our
Data Processing Addendum
describes more about how we process Customer Content in accordance with your instructions. That Data Processing Addendum is a part of your agreement with us by default.
How Long We Store Customer Usage Data and Customer Content
Details regarding how long your end user personal information may be stored on LiveKit systems will depend on which LiveKit Services you are using and how you are using them. For that reason, our
API docs
are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our Services.
As a LiveKit customer, if the LiveKit product or service you use enables you to store records of your usage on LiveKit, including personal information contained within those records, and you choose to do so, then LiveKit will retain these records for as long as you instruct, up until termination of your account. Please note that it may take up to 30 days for the data to be completely removed from all systems.
How LiveKit shares personal information
We do not sell your personal information or the personal information of your end users. We also do not allow any personal information to be used by third parties for their own marketing purposes. However, we do need to share personal data in order to provide our Services to you, such as to route a call you send through us or to store data you ask us to store. Below are the different scenarios under which we may share your data with third parties:
Scenario
Transfer Details
Third-party service providers or consultants.
LiveKit engages certain third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using this data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Sub-processors.
A sub-processor is a vendor that is permitted to process data for which we are a processor — in other words, Customer Content. We share Customer Content with sub-processors who assist in providing the LiveKit Services, like our infrastructure provider, or as necessary to provide optional functionality like transcriptions. An up-to-date list of LiveKit sub-processors is located.
Plug-in partners.
“Plug-ins” are additional features, functionality or services offered by LiveKit's Plug-in partners (who are third parties not affiliated with LiveKit). LiveKit may make Plug-ins available through the LiveKit Cloud Marketplace, where applicable. Some Plug-ins may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal information. If you choose to use a Plug-in, LiveKit may share your information with the Plug-in partner so you can use the Plug-in. LiveKit does not control Plug-in partners' use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be shared with a Plug-in partner, then you should not use the Plug-in.
Compliance with Legal Obligations.
We may disclose your or your end users' personal information to a third party if (i) we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our Services, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury. If LiveKit is required by law to disclose any personal information of you or your end user, we will notify you of the disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited by law. Further, we object to requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business transfers.
If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, data we gather from you may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. In that situation, and that situation only, we might transfer your data in a way that constitutes a sale under applicable law. If we do, we'll let you know ahead of time, and we will require any acquirer or successor of LiveKit to continue to process data consistent with this Policy.
Aggregated or de-identified data.
We might also share data about our customers with third parties if the data has been de-identified or aggregated in a way so it cannot be used to identify you or your end users.
How to make choices about your data
Choices About Your Customer Account Data
Accessing and Controlling Account Data.
As part of the Services we provide to our customers, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the cloud dashboard itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, restrict the use of your data, or delete your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the cloud dashboard when you log into your LiveKit account. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by
contacting Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion.
To request closure or deletion of your LiveKit account, you can use our self-service tool available in the cloud dashboard or
contact Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your LiveKit account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on LiveKit's servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you or your end users. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal information — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see "
How Long We Store Your Customer Account Data
" section above) until it's no longer needed.
Other Choices About Your Customer Account Data.
In addition, you can express other choices about your Customer Account Data (e.g., accessing it, deleting it, restricting its use, or exporting it) by
contacting Customer Support
.
Choices About Your End Users' Data
Your ability to make choices about end user data, namely Customer Usage Data and Customer Content, depends on the LiveKit product or service you use and how you use the product or service. For that reason, our
API docs
are the best place to find more detailed information about managing end user data collected and stored in connection with your use of our Services.
In some cases, we may retain a copy of your usage records, including the personal information contained in them, to carry out necessary functions like billing, invoice reconciliation, troubleshooting, along with detecting, preventing, and investigating spam, fraudulent activity, and network exploits and abuse. Sometimes legal matters arise that also require us to preserve records, including those containing personal information. These matters include litigation, law enforcement requests, or government investigations. If we have to do this, we will delete the impacted records when we are no longer legally obligated to retain them. We may, however, retain or use records after they have been anonymized, if the law allows.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
LiveKit may use common information-gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data stored on your device when you visit a website. Cookies allow LiveKit to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically. Rather, they recognize your web browser. So, unless you identify yourself specifically to LiveKit, like signing into your account, we don't know who you are just because you visited our website.
LiveKit uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you've turned it off. These cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility and are necessary for LiveKit's websites to function properly.
Web Beacons
LiveKit also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a LiveKit website. We use web beacons to operate and improve our websites and email communications to you.
Global Privacy Compliance at LiveKit
LiveKit is a global company with customers and employees all around the world. As such, our approach to privacy compliance is a global one. No matter where you are located, whether in the United States, the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), Latin America, or the Asia-Pacific region, we remain committed to abiding by all applicable data protection laws.
Regions Requiring a Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
If you are from a region that requires a legal basis for processing personal data (such as the EEA or the UK), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we need the personal information to
perform a contract with you
, or where the processing is
in our legitimate interests
and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have
your consent to do so
. In some cases, we may also have
a legal obligation
to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to
protect your vital interests
or those of another person, such as in the case where we request personal information from you in the context of a government audit or in response to a request from law enforcement.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Broadly speaking, we use Customer Account Data to further our legitimate interests to:
understand who our customers and potential customers are and their interests in LiveKit's Services;
manage our relationship with you and other customers;
carry out core business operations such as accounting, filing taxes, and fulfilling regulatory obligations; and
help detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud and other abuse or misuse of our Services.
United States
California Consumer Access and Deletion Rights
For those customers that would like more information about our use of Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data, you have the ability to request:
that we provide details about the categories of personal information that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to the personal information we collect about you; and
that we delete the personal information we have about you.
Please be aware that when you ask us for these things, we will take steps to verify that you are authorized to make the request. You must be a resident of California to make this request.
The California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:
every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose
We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
Identifiers
personal information listed in the California Customer Records statute
geolocation data
Internet or other similar network activity
For more information on how we process, retain, use, and disclose personal information, see our
CCPA Notice
.
Other regions
Some countries, other than the EEA, UK, and United States, also have specific privacy notice requirements, and we address those requirements in our general privacy sections above. If there are specific changes we need to make to our legal language to comply with a country's privacy or data protection laws, you can find those changes in our
Data Processing Addendum
.
Privacy Compliance for Specific Individuals
Information from Children.
We do not knowingly permit children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK or 16, if you live in the EEA) to sign up for a LiveKit account. If we discover someone who is underage has signed up for a LiveKit account, we will take reasonable steps to promptly close that person's account and remove their personal information from our records. If you believe a person who is underage has signed up for a LiveKit account, please contact us at
privacy@livekit.io
.
International data transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal information to LiveKit affiliates, contractors, service providers, and to third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. In each case, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal information remains protected.
Data transfers to the United States and elsewhere.
When you use our cloud dashboard, or our other Services, personal information of you and your end users processed by LiveKit may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate. These transfers will often be made in connection with routing your communications in the most efficient way.
Safeguards for data transfers.
LiveKit employs
appropriate safeguards
for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law. Our
Data Processing Addendum
, which we provide to all customers, includes more detailed information about our cross-border data transfers.
When transferring personal information outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, we rely on data transfer mechanisms such as the
Standard Contractual Clauses
and the
International Data Transfer Agreement
.
Transfers from other countries.
When we transfer personal information outside countries other than those in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, we strive to comply with the cross-border data transfer rules of those countries, such as by cooperating with that country's data protection authority or providing a
written agreement
to each customer that meets the data protection requirements of the country.
Security Information
How We Secure Personal Information
Our security measures.
We use appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal information we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. We also take measures to ensure service providers that process personal data on our behalf also have appropriate security controls in place. When we transfer data across borders, we also take supplementary measures to ensure that data is protected. You may read more about our security measures in our
Security Overview
.
Please note that no service is completely secure. While we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
Security measures you can take.
To protect the confidentiality of your account and protect against unauthorized use of your account, you must keep your project's API keys confidential and not disclose them publicly or to unauthorized individuals — this includes accidentally distributing them in a binary or checking them into source control. Please let us know right away if you think your API keys were compromised or misused. For instructions on provisioning and revoking API keys, click
here
.
How we use personal information for security purposes
We may collect and use Customer Account Data or Customer Usage Data to detect, prevent, or investigate security incidents, fraud, or abuse and misuse of our platform and Services. In addition, we also use records containing end user personal information to debug, troubleshoot, or investigate security incidents; to detect and prevent spam or fraudulent activity; and to detect and prevent network exploits and abuse. We may anonymize personal information and use it for our legitimate business needs, and, where allowed by law, this may include records containing end user personal information.
Handling disputes
If you have a dispute with us relating to our data protection practices, you can raise your concern or dispute by contacting the Data Protection Officer via email at
privacy@livekit.io
.
For individuals in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you have additional rights to make a complaint to a competent data protection authority or commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Other information you may find useful
Automated decision making and machine learning
LiveKit may use automated decision making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity. Holders of accounts suspended under these circumstances are notified of the suspension and given an opportunity to request human review of the suspension decision.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time, and if we do, the most current version will be available at
https://livekit.io/legal/privacy-policy
with the date at the top indicating when it was last updated. These changes might be minor, such as updating an address or fixing a typo, or they might be material, such as making a change that affects your rights. If we make changes that affect your rights, we will provide advance notice to you, such as by posting a message in the cloud dashboard, or we'll send an email via the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Policy and seek your consent to any material changes if this is required by applicable law.
Sub-policy 2
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 3
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/:
Solutions
By topic
By need
By industry
Public interest
Global services
Connectivity cloud
Contact sales
Products
Our products
For your employees
For apps and infrastructure
For developers
Register domain name
Get 1.1.1.1
Need help choosing?
Latest product news
Contact sales
Pricing
Our plans & pricing
Enterprise plan
Compare all plans
Need help choosing?
View FAQs
Contact sales
Resources
Library
Documentation
Getting Started
Application Security
Application Services
Zero Trust Services
Developer Platform
Network Services
Insights
API
AI
Learning
Trust & compliance
Trends & insights
Blog
Cloudflare TV
Community forum
Get help
Contact sales
Partners
Partner network
Peering portal
Partner Network
Why Cloudflare
Why choose Cloudflare
Learn about Cloudflare
Comparisons
Why trust Cloudflare
Contact sales
Sign up
Sign up
Under attack?
Under attack?
Log in
Log in
Support
Community Support
Help Center
Contact Cloudflare
Lost account access?
Log in
Log in
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policy application
Information we collect
How we use information we collect
Data aggregation
Information sharing
Notice to UK and EU residents
International information transfers
Data subject rights and choices
Communication preferences
Data security, data integrity and access
Data retention
Notification of changes
Business transactions
English language controls
Dispute resolution
Notice to California residents
Contact information
Legal questions
Have Questions?
If you have questions about these terms or anything else about Cloudflare, please don't hesitate to contact us:
+1 (650) 319-8930
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St,
San Francisco, CA 94107
USA
Cloudflare Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 28, 2024.
We have updated our July 18, 2024 Privacy Policy to update the contact email of our Data Protection Officer.
This Cloudflare Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the personal information that Cloudflare, Inc. (“Cloudflare”, “we”, “us” or “our”) gathers, how we use that personal information, and the options you have to access, correct, or delete such personal information.
CLOUDFLARE’S PROMISE
Our mission to help build a better Internet is rooted in the importance we place on establishing trust with our Customers, users, and the Internet community globally. To earn and maintain that trust, we commit to communicating transparently, providing security, and protecting the privacy of data on our systems.
We keep your personal information personal and private. We will not sell or rent your personal information. We will only share or otherwise disclose your personal information as necessary to provide our Services or as otherwise described in this Policy, except in cases where we first provide you with notice and the opportunity to consent.
1. POLICY APPLICATION
This Policy applies to Cloudflare’s collection, use, and disclosure of the personal information of the following categories of data subjects:
Attendees
: Those who visit our offices or provide their information to Cloudflare or Cloudflare representatives when they attend or register to attend Cloudflare-sponsored events or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, as well as those who participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Website Visitors
: Those who visit our Websites, including those who may opt to provide an email address or other contact information to receive communications from Cloudflare, fill out a survey, or provide feedback. For the purposes of this Policy, “Websites” refer collectively to
www.cloudflare.com
as well as any other websites Cloudflare operates for its own behalf and that link to this Policy. For clarity, “Websites” does not include any sites owned or operated by our Customers, including where we serve as Registrar.
Customers
: Individuals or entities who enter into a subscription agreement with Cloudflare (or its authorized partner) and to whom Cloudflare provides Services pursuant to such agreement. For purposes of this Policy, “Services” shall refer to all of the cloud-based solutions offered, marketed, or sold by Cloudflare or its authorized partners that are designed to increase the performance, security, and availability of Internet properties, applications, devices, and networks, along with any software, software development kits, and application programming interfaces ("APIs") made available in connection with the foregoing.
Administrative Users
: Those with login credentials for a Cloudflare account and/or those who administer any of the Services for a Customer. In some cases, an Administrative User and Customer may be the same individual. In other cases, an Administrative User may be an agent acting on behalf of a Customer.
Public DNS Resolver Users
: Those who use Cloudflare’s 1.1.1.1 public recursive Domain Name System (“DNS”) resolver service, including 1.1.1.1 for Families ("1.1.1.1 resolver"). Learn more about the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
End Users
: Those who (i) access or use our Customers’ domains, networks, websites, application programming interfaces, and applications, or (ii) Customers’ employees, agents, or contractors, who access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust end users.
Registrants:
Users of Cloudflare’s domain registrar services. Cloudflare is an
ICANN
-accredited registrar and complies with the
2013 Registrar Accreditation Agreement
(“RAA”).
This Policy does not apply to “Application Users”—those individuals who use Cloudflare’s consumer-facing 1.1.1.1 Application. See the
1.1.1.1 Application Privacy Policy
for more information about the data collection and use practices for Cloudflare's 1.1.1.1 Application and the associated 1.1.1.1 Application Services.
This Policy also does not apply to our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, and networks, which may have their own terms and privacy policies. Our Customers are solely responsible for establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including those relating to the collection of personal information, in connection with the use of our Services by End Users with whom our Customers interact.
Cloudflare’s Websites and Services are not intended for, nor designed to attract, individuals under the age of eighteen. Cloudflare does not knowingly collect or share personal information from any person under the age of eighteen. To the extent we become aware that we have the personal information of a person under the age of eighteen, we will delete that information.
When Cloudflare is a reverse proxy, our IP addresses may appear in WHOIS and DNS records for websites using our Services. We are a conduit for information controlled by others. It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.).
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Categories of Data Subjects)
Attendees
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We may ask for and collect personal information such as your name, address, phone number and email address when you visit our offices, register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which Cloudflare (and/or its representatives) participates, or participate in Cloudflare’s studies such as user experience research.
Image and voice
: When you participate in a Cloudflare study, we may ask for your permission to record your voice and/or image during your participation in the study.
Website Visitors
Name, email address, and other contact information
: We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Websites, including opportunities to sign up for and agree to receive email communications from us. We may ask you to submit such personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, or studies, requesting customer support, submitting feedback, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law.
Log files
: Just as when you visit and interact with most websites and services delivered via the Internet, when you visit our Websites, including the Cloudflare Community Forum, we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and locale and language preferences.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
: We may use cookies and other information-gathering technologies for a variety of purposes, such as providing us with information about how you interact with our Websites and assisting us in our marketing efforts. You may view a complete list of cookies and change your cookie preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) in the footer of the Cloudflare homepage at cloudflare.com or in the banner displayed when you visit our Websites from certain countries (such as the European Economic Area and the UK). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, Cloudflare’s Websites may not function properly. We may also use cookies and similar technologies to provide you advertising on third-party sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. In addition to exercising cookie choices through our “Cookie Preferences” or “Your Privacy Choices” links, if you do not want to have cookies and similar technologies used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking
here
(or if located in the European Union, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, click
here
). For more information about the cookies Cloudflare uses and your privacy choices, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Material contributed in Interactive Areas
: The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Areas”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Areas, please be aware that any information that you post in an Interactive Area might be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Areas, please see the Section 8, below.
Customers and Administrative Users
Customer Account Information
: When you register for an account, we collect contact information. Depending on subscription level, this contact information may include your Customer name, the email address(es) of your account administrator(s), telephone number, and addresses necessary to process payment and delivery of Services. In addition, when you use the Services, we collect information about how you configure your account and the Services (e.g., firewall settings for the domains you administer). We refer to all of this information collectively as “Customer Account Information” for the purposes of this Policy. Customer Account Information is required to enable your access to your Cloudflare account and Services. By providing us with any personal information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal information or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. We also maintain logs of Administrative Users’ activity (e.g., actions taken to configure settings in Customers’ account).
Payment information
: We do not require our Customers to have payment information on file with us unless they have a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide payment and billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which payment method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers.
Crash Reports
: When our Services encounter an unexpected error, you may be asked to submit a crash report, which may contain personal information. You will have an opportunity to review the content of the report prior to submitting the report to us.
Public DNS Resolver Users
Limited DNS query data
: We will collect limited DNS query data that is sent to our 1.1.1.1 resolver. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not log personal information, and the bulk of the limited non-personally identifiable query data is only stored for 25 hours. You can learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Please note that our data handling practices for our 1.1.1.1 Application, which is not covered by this Policy, are somewhat different than our 1.1.1.1 resolver data handling practices and are described
here
.
End Users
Cloudflare processes End Users’ interactions with Customer’s Internet Properties and the Services. This information is processed when End Users access or use our Customers’ domains, websites, APIs, applications, devices, end points, and networks that use one or more of our Services, and when End Users access or use Services, such as Cloudflare Zero Trust. The information processed may include but is not limited to IP addresses, traffic routing data, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites, devices, applications, and/or networks.
The End User data that we make available to our Customers via the Service dashboard or other online interface are specifically defined as “Customer Logs”.
Registrants
Contact and domain information: We collect data such as domain name and status, contact information (such as name, organization, address, phone number and email address), name server, DNSSEC, and Form of Approval (i.e., full WHOIS capture at time of transfer into our system, including the IP address that initiated the transfer).
Network Data.
Cloudflare collects and stores Network Data, which are models, observations, reports, analyses, statistics, databases and other information created, compiled, analyzed, generated or derived by Cloudflare from server, network or traffic data generated by Cloudflare in the course of providing the Service, including information required to help Cloudflare identify, analyze, mitigate, prevent, and block malicious activities on Cloudflare’s network. Examples of Network Data include service uptime and service availability metrics, request volumes, error rates, cache rates, origin and nature of malware, and IP threat scores.
3. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Cloudflare only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general matter, for the categories of data described in Section 2 above, except 1.1.1.1 resolver user data as explained below, we may use your personal information to:
Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Websites and Services for all users of the Websites and Services;
Enable you to access and use the Websites and Services;
Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.
In addition, we may use the information we collect from Attendees, Websites Visitors, and Registrants, as well as Customer Account Information for the following purposes:
Send commercial communications, in accordance with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, promotions, contests, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners. See Section 9 below for information on managing your communication preferences.
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and rewards;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
Personalize the Websites and Services, including by providing features or content that match your interests and preferences;
To register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access; and
Public DNS Resolver Users
. We use information we collect from 1.1.1.1 resolver users to operate and improve the 1.1.1.1 resolver, such as to assist us in our debugging efforts if an issue arises. Our 1.1.1.1 resolver service does not store 1.1.1.1 resolver users’ personal information. We will not combine any information collected from DNS queries to our 1.1.1.1 resolver with any other Cloudflare or third party data in any way that can be used to identify individual end users. Cloudflare may store aggregated data, as outlined within our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitments to privacy, indefinitely in order to power Cloudflare Radar and assist Cloudflare in improving Cloudflare services, such as, enhancing the overall performance of the Cloudflare Resolver and identifying security threats. Learn more about our 1.1.1.1 resolver commitment to privacy
here
.
Information from Third Party Services
. We may combine information we collect as described in Section 2 above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered on a Cloudflare sales submission form with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform vendor to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.
4. DATA AGGREGATION
Cloudflare may aggregate data we acquire about our Customers, Administrators, and End Users. For example, we may assemble data to determine how Web crawlers index the Internet and whether they are engaged in malicious activity or to compile web traffic reports and statistics. Non-personally identifiable, aggregated data may be shared with third parties.
5. INFORMATION SHARING
We work with other companies who provide us with services that help run our business and the Cloudflare Service (“Service Providers”). These companies provide services to help us deliver customer support, process credit card payments, manage and contact our existing Customers and Administrators as well as sales leads, provide marketing support, and otherwise operate and improve our Services. These Service Providers may only process personal information pursuant to our instructions and in compliance both with this Privacy Policy, the contracts we have in place with such Service Providers, and other applicable confidentiality, data protection, and security measures and regulations.
Specifically, we do not permit our Service Providers to sell any personal information we share with them or to use any personal information we share with them for their own marketing purposes or for any purpose other than in connection with the services they provide to us.
In addition to sharing with Service Providers as described above, we also may share your information with others in the following circumstances:
Within the Cloudflare Group (defined for the purposes of this Policy as Cloudflare, Inc. (United States) and its subsidiaries listed Section 15);
With our resellers and other sales partners who may help us distribute the Services to Customers;
With an app developer when you install an app from our App Marketplace;
In the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business;
When we are required to disclose personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. (Learn more about how we handle law enforcement requests
here
);
Where we have a good-faith belief sharing is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Website Terms of Use, Self-Serve Subscription Agreement, and/or Enterprise Subscription Terms of Service; or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations; or
As you may otherwise consent from time to time.
Additional Information on Sharing
Public DNS Resolver Users.
Cloudflare does not share 1.1.1.1 resolver logs with any third parties except for anonymous logs shared with APNIC pursuant to a Research Cooperative Agreement. Learn more about information sharing specific to the 1.1.1.1 resolver
here
.
Registrants.
If you purchase a domain name from Cloudflare’s registrar service, ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) and the relevant registry operators overseeing the domain’s top-level domain require us to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registry operators and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, and additionally upon the legitimate request of third parties. Registrant data may include the domain name, registrant name and other contact information, and domain name server information. See our Domain Registration Agreement
here
.
Marketing & Advertising Partners.
Our marketing and advertising partners may collect or receive personal information about you and/or collect certain information about your interactions with our Websites, or your email communications with Cloudflare, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, in order to gain insights that may help us market and advertise our services to you.  You may opt out of such sharing using our “Cookie Preferences” link (or, in the United States, the “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the cloudflare.com homepage.
In addition, we may also provide these marketing and advertising partners with your email address or other limited account information. You may opt out of such sharing by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
These partners’ use of your information will be based on their own privacy policies. We share this personal information for our business purposes.
California residents can find additional information about data sharing for marketing and advertising purposes and their data subject rights in Section 16, below
6. NOTICE TO EU, UK, AND SWISS RESIDENTS
“Personal information” as referenced in this Privacy Policy means “personal data” as that term is defined under the European Union (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”) and its United Kingdom (“UK”) GDPR counterpart. Cloudflare is a data controller for the personal information collected from all categories of data subjects listed above, with the following exceptions: Cloudflare is a data processor of Customer Logs, Administrative User logs, and some account settings information. In addition, Cloudflare is a data processor for any of the content provided by Customers and End Users through the Services that transits, or in some cases, is stored on, the Cloudflare network. Where Cloudflare is a data processor, Cloudflare processes data on behalf of its Customers pursuant to their data processing instructions.
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK or Switzerland, please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Cloudflare Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, Cloudflare will not be able to provide the requested service to you.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object by emailing us at sar@cloudflare.com.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
7. INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
Cloudflare is a U.S. based, global company. We primarily store your information in the United States and the European Economic Area. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Cloudflare Group has operations for the purposes described in this Policy.
Whenever a Cloudflare company transfers personal information originating from one country to another Cloudflare group company or a third party service provider or partner in a different country, we will implement appropriate safeguards, consistent with the laws of the territory from which the data is exported. We describe the safeguards we implement
here
. If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the safeguards Cloudflare has in place to protect your personal information, please contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
When Cloudflare transfers personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (UK) to the United States, we rely on our certifications under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Should these certifications lapse or become otherwise invalidated, Cloudflare relies on the standard contractual clauses, including supplementary measures as necessary for transfers to the United States. We also use standard contractual clauses for other international transfers from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom.
Self-certification to the Data Privacy Framework
Cloudflare complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Cloudflare has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Cloudflare has also certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPFs”), Cloudflare commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPFs should first contact us by emailing sar@cloudflare.com or via mail to: Cloudflare, Inc., 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107, Attn: Data Protection Officer. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of receipt and verification of your identity.
In compliance with the DPFs, Cloudflare commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPFs to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of TRUSTe, LLC are provided at no cost to you. You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other mechanisms set out in this DPF Notice or our Privacy Notice.  For more information, please see Annex 1 of the DPF Principles, available
here
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Cloudflare’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). We may be required to disclose personal information we receive under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Cloudflare is liable for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Cloudflare shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Cloudflare proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
8. DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Cloudflare  recognizes individuals’ data protection rights. You have the right to access, correct, update, port, or delete your personal information, and to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (each of these a “Rights Request”). You may email us at sar@cloudflare.com with any Rights Request, and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers and Administrative Users also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at Cloudflare.com.
Please note that before we can complete your Rights Request, we will need to verify that your identity matches that of the data in which you are requesting to exercise your rights. You can expect a verification email under separate cover, to the email address associated with your personal information on file. If you are making a Rights Request on behalf of another individual as an authorized agent, we require that either (a) the data subject must verify their identity and directly confirm with Cloudflare they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the Rights Request, (b) the authorized agent must be provided power of attorney by the data subject in accordance with the law of the data subject’s jurisdiction, or (c) the Rights Request must otherwise be submitted in accordance with applicable privacy law.
For any Rights Request, we will need to verify a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist. Where a Rights Request may implicate the personal information of another individual, we must balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s privacy rights. We will comply with Rights Requests to the extent required by applicable law or the Swiss-U.S. or EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. In the event that your Rights Request is denied, residents of the U.S. states Virginia and Colorado may appeal our decision by responding to the email informing them of the denial or by submitting a Rights Request to appeal to sar@cloudflare.com, and we will respond within sixty (60) days. In the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that we do not retain any personal information about 1.1.1.1 resolver users that would be subject to the Rights Requests described above. In addition, Cloudflare has no direct relationship with End Users. Even where “Cloudflare” may be indicated as the authoritative name server for a domain, unless Cloudflare is the owner of that domain, we have no control over a domain’s content. Accordingly, we rely upon our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for Rights Requests in accordance with their obligations under applicable data protection laws. If an End User requests that we fulfill a Rights Request, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users.
9. COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES
Cloudflare will send you commercial communications based on the communication preferences in your account settings. Cloudflare also will send you service-related communications. You may manage your receipt of commercial communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of such emails, through your account settings if you have a Cloudflare account, or you may send a request to unsubscribe@cloudflare.com.
10. DATA SECURITY, DATA INTEGRITY AND ACCESS
We take all reasonable steps to protect information we receive from you from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access. We have put in place appropriate physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard and secure your information, and we make use of privacy-enhancing technologies such as encryption. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
privacyquestions@cloudflare.com
.
11. DATA RETENTION
We store your personal information for a period of time that is consistent with the business purposes set forth in Section 3 of this policy or as long as needed to fulfill and comply with legal obligations. The criteria we used to determine how long we store your personal information will vary depending on several different factors. We typically consider the following when determining data retention:
The purpose for collecting the personal information in the first place. For example, if you have an active account with us, we need to keep your contact information during the entirety of that time in order to provide you with support or contact you regarding your account;
The volume, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information we are processing;
The potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information;
Whether we can achieve the purposes for processing with less data or through other means
Legal requirements that may apply to the data, such as applicable statutes of limitation or contractual obligations.
When the data retention period expires for a given type of data, we will delete or destroy it. If, for technical reasons, we are unable to do so, we will implement appropriate security measures to prevent any further use of such data.
12. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we make changes to this Policy that we believe materially impact the privacy of your personal information, we will promptly provide notice of any such changes (and, where necessary, obtain consent), as well as post the updated Policy on this website noting the effective date of any changes.
13. BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
We may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as information covered by this Policy, in the event of a merger, sale, change in control, or reorganization of all or part of our business.
14. ENGLISH LANGUAGE CONTROLS
Non-English translations of this Policy are provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you have an unresolved privacy or data-use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
16. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household as defined in the CCPA. It does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
How We Collect, Use, and Share Your Personal Information under the CCPA
We may collect, use, and disclose for our business and commercial purposes, the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers for the categories of individuals/users defined in Section 1 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy (e.g., email address of Customers and Administrative Users, name and contact information of Attendees);
Payment and customer records information of our Customers;
Protected classification characteristics (e.g., age, ethnicity, race, languages spoken, or gender) to the extent these characteristics are voluntarily disclosed to us or contained in any  content transmitted across or stored on our network;
Commercial information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or usage histories);
Professional or employment information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information; and
Inferences (e.g., information about your interests or preferences).
The sources from which we collect information are described in Section 2 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect and use this information are described in Section 3 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
The categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” the information for a business purpose are described in Section 5 of the Cloudflare Privacy Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Knowledge
. You can request information about what personal information we have collected about you, including:
the categories of personal information;
the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you.
Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction
. You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal information and, taking into account the purpose of processing the personal information, ensure it is complete;
Opt-out of sales or sharing
. You can ask that we do not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information as “sell” and “share” are explicitly defined under the CCPA. For more information, please refer to the section titled “Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information” below.
Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you the Services; increasing the price/rate of the Services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
In order to submit a request to exercise your right of information, access, or deletion pursuant to the CCPA, please follow the instructions for the submitting a Rights Request detailed in Section 8, above. Please note, we reserve the right to confirm your California residence to process your requests and may need to confirm your identity to process certain requests using the verification methods described in Section 8. For example, we take reasonable precautions to verify the identities of those California residents submitting requests to delete or access Personal Information.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale and Sharing of Your Personal Information
Cloudflare does not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information under the CCPA.
You can request to opt out of such “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information using the “
Your Privacy Choices”
link in the footer below
.
In addition, some internet browsers offer the option to enable opt-out signals such as Global Privacy Control that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. Cloudflare responds to these signals by processing them as a request to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information as discussed above.
Please note that you will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. We do not impose verification protocols for processing opt out requests unless we have reason to question the authenticity of a requester’s identity, in which case we may request evidence of identity and California residency.
17. CONTACT INFORMATION
Cloudflare, Inc.
101 Townsend St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Canada) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
Suite 2600, Three Bentall Centre
595 Burrard Street, P.O. Box 49314
Vancouver, BC V7X 1L3
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare, Ltd.
County Hall/The Riverside Building
Belvedere Road
London, SE1 7PB
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.
Largo Rafael Bordalo Pinheiro 29
1200-369 Lisboa
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Germany GmbH
Rosental 7
80331 München
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare France SAS
6 place de la Madeleine
75008 Paris
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Netherlands B.V.
Keizersgracht 62,
1015CS Amsterdam
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Pte., Ltd.
182 Cecil Street, #35-01
Frasers Tower, Singapore 069547
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Australia Pty Ltd.
333 George St., 5th Floor
Sydney, NSW 2000
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd.
16 South Guangshun Street
Donghuang Building 17th Floor
Chaoyang District Beijing 100015
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Japan K.K.
Marunouchi Kitaguchi Building 9F
1-6-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo, 100-0005
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Middle East FZ-LLC
DIC 1 Internet City Road
Building 1, Ground Floor, Office 17
Jumeirah
Dubai UAE
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare India Private Limited
No. 215 Richmond Towers, 12 Richmond Road, Richmond Town
Banglore, Bangalore, Karnataka, India, 560025
Attention: Grievance Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Area 1 Security, LLC
838 Walker Road Suite 21-2,
Dover, DE, 19904
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Korea LLC
8-113 (Samseong-dong), Teheran-ro 507
Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea, 06168
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Mexico S. de R.L de C.V.
Bosque de Ciruelos No. 180 int. PP 101, Col. Bosque de las Lomas, Miguel Hidalgo
Ciudad de México, 11700, México
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Cloudflare Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
Level 21, Suite 21.01, The Gardens South Tower,
Mid Valley City,
Lingkaran Syed Putra,
Kuala Lumpur
Wilayah Persekutuan
59200
Attention: Data Protection Officer
dpo@cloudflare.com
Getting Started
Free plans
For enterprises
Compare plans
Domain name search
Get a recommendation
Request a demo
Contact sales
Resources
Learning center
Analyst reports
Cloudflare Radar
Cloudflare TV
Case studies
Webinars
White Papers
Developer docs
Architecture Center
theNET
Blog
Find an expert
Solutions
Connectivity cloud
SSE and SASE services
Application services
Network services
Developer services
Community
Community hub
Project Galileo
Athenian Project
Cloudflare for Campaigns
Critical Infrastructure Defense Project
Support
Help center
Cloudflare status
Trust-hub
Compliance
GDPR
Trust & safety
Company
About Cloudflare
Our team
Investor relations
Press
Careers
Diversity, equity, & inclusion
Impact/ESG
Network map
Logos & press kit
Become a partner