Privacy Policy
Last updated on: February 6, 2025
Mutual LLC (“
Mutual
,” “
we
,” “
us
”) respects the privacy of its users (“
you
”) and is committed to protecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you, how we may use that information, who we may share it with, and your choices about such uses and disclosures.  We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully prior to using our mobile software application known as “mutual” (the “
App
”) or our website located at
https://www.mutual.app/
(the “
Website
”) (the App, Website, and services made available through each are collectively, the “
Service
”).  By using the Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE.  YOUR USE OF ANY PART OF THE SERVICE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
1.1.  In General.
Through the Service, we may collect information that can identify you personally such as your name and email address (“personal information”), as well as other information that does not identify you.  By using the Service, you are authorizing us to collect, use, and store data in connection with providing the Service. When you provide personal information through the Service, the information may be sent to and stored in servers located in the United States.
1.2.  Information You Provide to Us.
In order to use the App, you will be required to create a user profile (“
Profile
”). Once you have logged into the App and as part of creating your Profile, you may be prompted to permit Mutual to access certain information from Instagram and/or your other social media accounts such as your photos and caption information (such information together with FB Account Info, collectively, your “
Social Media Account Info
”).  In addition to your Social Media Account info, you will also be asked to allow Mutual to collect your location information from your device when you use the App.  Also, we may collect and store any personal information you provide as part of creating your Profile or during your use of the Service.  This may include identifying information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information.  You may also provide us photos, information about you and your interests, and information about your preferences for matching with other Mutual users, such as search distance and age range. If you chat with other Mutual users, you provide us the content of your chats, and if you contact us through the App or Website, you provide us with the content of that communication.
1.3.  Use of Technologies to Collect Information.
We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your use of the Service.
1.3.1.  Information Collected Automatically.
We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit the Service.  This information could include your IP address, device ID and type, your browser type and language, the operating system used by your device, access times, your mobile device’s geographic location when the App is opened or is actively running, and the referring website address.
1.3.2.  Cookies and Use of Cookie Data.
When you use the Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies to facilitate access to the Service and to personalize your experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your activity on the Service, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits, and the links you click.  If we advertise, we (or third party advertisers) may use certain data collected on the Service to show you Mutual advertisements on other sites or applications.
1.3.3.  Pixel tags.
We may embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails. These tiny, invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed).  We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of various aspects of the Service.  Ad companies also use pixel tags to measure the number of ads displayed and their performance (such as how many people clicked on an ad).
1.3.4.  Mobile Device IDs:
If you're using the App, we use mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer), or advertising IDs (for iOS 6 and later), instead of cookies, to recognize you. We do this to store your preferences and track your use of the App.  Unlike cookies, device IDs cannot be deleted, but advertising IDs can be reset in “Settings” on your iPhone.  Ad companies also use device IDs or advertising IDs to track your use of the App, track the number of ads displayed, measure ad performance and display ads that are more relevant to you. Analytics companies use device IDs to track information about app usage.
1.4.  Information Collected by Third Parties.
We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements through the Service. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. We do not provide any non-anonymized personal information to third parties.
2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
2.1.  In General.
We may use information that we collect about you to do any of the following:
verify your eligibility to use the Service;
provide and improve the Service, and operate our business;
manage your account and provide customer support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or potential interest in, our or third parties’ content, products and services;
communicate with you by email or through the App about our or third parties’ content, products or services that may be of interest to you;
analyze, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests through the Service and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites;
perform website and mobile application analytics;
enforce or exercise any rights under our
Terms of Service
; and
perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time we collect information from you.
In all cases, we may perform these functions directly or using a third party vendor.  If we use any third party vendor, our agreement(s) with the vendor will limit their right to use information collected about you to performing functions solely on Mutual’s behalf.  Also, if you access the Service from a third party social platform, such as Facebook, we may share non-personal information with that platform to the extent permitted by your agreement with that third party and its privacy settings.
3. WHO WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH
3.1.  Information Shared with Other Users.
When you complete your Profile and begin using the App, your Profile will be viewable by other users of the App.  You can see the information in your Profile by going to “Settings” and “View My Profile” in the App.  If you swipe up to indicate that you are interested in another user, you will be able to chat with that user if they also swipe up to indicate that the interest is mutual.  If you chat with users with whom you have matched, those users will be able to see the content of your messages to them just as they would through Apple’s iMessage or any other mobile messaging service.
3.2.  Personal information.
We do not share your personal information with others except as described in this Privacy Policy or when we inform you and give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.
3.2.1.  Service Providers.
We may share information, including personal and financial information, with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf.  These services may include but are not necessarily limited to development, support, and maintenance of the Service; tracking and analytics; troubleshooting; providing customer service;  performing business and marketing functions and analysis; ad tracking and analytics; conducting user inquiries or investigations pursuant to our
Terms of Service
; and providing contests, sweepstakes, surveys and other features offered through the Service. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but our agreements with them do not permit them to share or use such information for any other purposes.
3.2.2.  Other Circumstances.
We may disclose your information, including personal information in the following circumstances:
In response to a court order or a request for cooperation from law enforcement or another government agency; to exercise or establish our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law.  In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action to prevent or stop illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property, and safety of our business and our users, shareholders, employees, service providers and others; to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; or to enforce our
Terms of Service
and any other agreements, guidelines or policies applicable to our users.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale of all or part of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
3.3. Non-Personal Information.
We may use and share non-personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances.  We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising through the Service and on websites or applications of third parties, and to analyze and report on advertising you see.  We may combine non-personal information we collect with additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated, non-personal information, or personal information in hashed, non-human readable form, with third parties, including advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting business analysis or other business purposes.  For example, we may engage a data provider who may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content.  The cookies may reﬂect de- demographic or other data linked to data that you voluntarily submitted to us (such as your email address), which we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
4.  THIRD PARTY SERVICES
There may be occasions where you are able to click on a link to access other websites, products or services (collectively, “third party services”) that do not operate under this Privacy Policy.  For example, if you click on an advertisement that appears in the App, you may be taken to a third party service that we do not control.  These third party services may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your interaction with those third party services.  We recommend that you review the privacy policies of all third party services that you visit; typically, privacy policies can be found at the bottom of webpages.
5.  HOW YOU CAN ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION
If you have a Mutual account, you can review and edit most personal information included in your Profile by going to “Settings” and then “Edit Profile” in the App.  You also may delete your account at any time by going to “Settings” and then “Delete My Account” in the App.  If you delete your account, we may retain certain information associated with your account for analytical and internal record-keeping purposes, as well as to prevent fraud, enforce our
Terms of Service
, protect the integrity of the Service and our users, and take such other actions as permitted by law.  In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' privacy policies.  To request data deletion, please do so via email at: support@mutual.app.
6.  YOUR CHOICES ABOUT COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
6.1.  Limiting the Information You Provide.
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in your not being able to use certain features of the Service.
6.2.  Notifications.
The Service may from time to time deliver notifications to your mobile device.  You can disable these notifications by going to “Settings” and then “Notification Settings” in the App or by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
6.3.  Cookies.
You can delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings.  Click “help” in the toolbar of most browsers for instructions.
7. PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.1.  Mutual Security Measures.
We take security measures to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure.  However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, chats, or other communications will always remain secure.
7.2.  What Else You Can Do to Protect Your Information.
When you disclose personal information as part of your Profile or in chats with other Mutual users, that information will be viewable by other Mutual users (or in the case of chats, by the user with whom you are chatting).  We encourage you to use discretion and caution when choosing what personal information to disclose.
8.  CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We restrict use of the App to individuals who are at least 18 years old, and we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under the age of 13.
9.  VISITING THE SERVICE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
The Service is hosted by servers located in the United States.  If you attempt to use the Service from a physical location within the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of any part of the Service, which is governed by U.S. law and the Mutual
Terms of Service
(including this Privacy Policy), (a) you are transferring your personal information to the United States; and (b) you consent to such transfer; the application of the laws of the United States and the State of California with respect to any dispute arising from or related to the Privacy Policy and your use of the Service; and the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and the State of California; and the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States and the State of California.
10.  CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion.  When we make such changes, we will post the updated version of this Privacy Policy on the Website and within the App.  We will also update the “Last Updated on” notice at the beginning of this Privacy Policy to indicate when we last made changes.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will take effect immediately for new users and will take effect 30 days after posting notice of such changes within the App or on the Website for existing users.  If you do not agree to any changes after receiving notice of such changes, you must stop using the Service.  Otherwise, your continued use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of such changes.  WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO CHECK WITHIN THE APP OR ON THE WEBSITE REGULARLY TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU ARE FAMILIAR WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY UPDATES WE MAKE TO THEM.
11.  CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
support@mutual.app
.