앱에서 더 많은 상품을 볼 수 있어요!
앱에서 보기
개인정보 처리방침
ABLY 통합 개인정보처리방침
㈜에이블리코퍼레이션(이하 '회사'라 합니다)은 정보주체의 자유와 개인정보자기결정권 등 권리의 보호를 위해 개인정보보호법 및 관계 법령이 정한 바를 준수하여, 적법하게 개인정보를 처리하고 안전하게 관리하고 있습니다.
이에, 개인정보보호법 제30조에 따라 회사가 운영하는 아래 각 호의 사이버몰을 포함한 통신판매중개 및 풀필먼트 솔루션 등 전자상거래 관련 제반 서비스인 에이블리 통합 서비스(이하 ‘ 통합 서비스’라 합니다)를 정보주체인 회원에게 제공함에 있어 회원분들에게 개인정보 처리에 관한 절차 및 기준을 안내하고, 이와 관련한 고충을 신속하고 원활하게 처리할 수 있도록 하기 위하여 다음과 같이 에이블리 셀러스/파트너스 개인정보 처리방침을 수립, 공개합니다.
에이블리 웹사이트 및 모바일 애플리케이션(이하 "에이블리"라 합니다)
사구일공(4910) 웹사이트 및 모바일 애플리케이션(이하 "사구일공"이라 하며, "에이블리"와 총칭하여 "사이버몰 공통"이라고 합니다)
본 개인정보처리방침은 회사가 제공하는 각 사이버몰에서의 통합 서비스에 공통 적용되나, 특정 사이버몰에만 적용되는 항목의 경우에는 이를 명확하게 명시합니다.
1.
개인정보의 처리 목적
회사는 다음의 목적을 위하여 회원의 개인정보를 처리합니다. 처리하고 있는 개인정보는 다음의 목적 이외의 용도로는 이용되지 않으며, 처리 목적이 변경되는 경우에는 개인정보보호법 제18조에 따라 별도의 동의를 받는 등 필요한 조치를 이행할 예정입니다.
통합 서비스 제공에 관한 계약 이행 및 서비스 이용 요금 정산
통신판매, 통신판매중개 및 이에 부수한 어필리에이트, 간편결제 등 서비스, 웹툰/웹소설 및 AI 프로필/채팅, 운세 등 콘텐츠 서비스, 이용자의 의사표현, 이용자 간 의견 교환, 정보 공유, 이용자간 관계의 형성 등을 포함하는 커뮤니티(리뷰, 요즘코디 등) 서비스 등 제반 통합 서비스 및 통합 서비스에 부수하여 이용자의 서비스 이용 편의를 제고하는 자동 입력 등 제반 기능의 원활한 제공, 운영 및 개선,
통합 서비스의 유효성 확인, 안전한 통합 서비스 이용환경 구축, 관심사, 기호 등에 기반한 개인화 추천 및 맞춤형 서비스(광고 포함) 제공, 본인인증, 청소년보호법에 따른 나이 및 본인 여부의 확인, 계약서 및 청구서 발송, 상품의 배송, 요금결제, 정산, 추심, 환불처리, 통관, 세금계산서 발행, 제세공과금 납부, 계약 이행을 위한 연락, 서비스 이용 계약의 이행
회원관리
회원가입 의사의 확인, 회원제 서비스 제공, 회원 식별 및 본인여부 확인, 특정금융거래정보의 고객확인 의무 이행, 회원자격 유지 및 관리, 관련법령 또는 이용약관 등 위반행위에 대한 이용제한 등 제재 조치, 권리침해 신고, 계정도용 또는 부정거래 등 서비스의 원활한 운영에 지장을 미치는 행위 및 서비스 부정이용 행위 방지 및 제재, 중복가입 및 가입횟수 제한, 분쟁 조정을 위한 기록보존, 질의, 불만처리 등 민원처리, 약관 개정 등의 고지사항 전달, 회원탈퇴 의사의 확인
신규 서비스 개발 및 마케팅·광고에의 활용
신규 서비스 개발, 접속빈도 파악, 서비스 이용에 대한 통계 작성 및 분석, 서비스 이용 만족도 조사, 광고 게재, 마케팅 또는 프로모션 등 판매촉진행사의 진행, 이벤트 정보 및 참여기회 제공, 광고성 정보 제공
2.
처리하는 개인정보 항목
회사는 서비스 제공을 위해 필요 최소한의 범위에서 개인정보를 수집, 이용합니다.
가. 회원의 동의를 받아 처리하는 개인정보 항목
회사는 다음의 개인정보 항목을 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제1호 및 제22조 제1항 제7호에 따라 회원의 동의를 받아 처리하고 있습니다.
서비스 가입 시
처리 항목 : (네이버 간편가입 시, 페이스북 간편가입 시에 한해)이름, 이메일 주소(카카오계정으로 간편가입 시에는 카카오계정 이메일 주소), 비밀번호, 닉네임(카카오계정으로 간편가입 시에는 선택), 휴대전화번호(카카오계정으로 간편가입 시에는 카카오계정 전화번호), (사구일공에 한해) 성별, 생년월일(선택), (네이버 간편가입시에 한해 선택적으로) 연령대
체형, 맞춤 정보 입력 시
처리 항목: 신체 사이즈(키, 체중, 의류 등의 평소 사이즈) 및 뷰티(퍼스널컬러 및 피부타입) 정보
프로모션, 이벤트 등 판매촉진행사 당첨자 관련 경품, 대금 지급 및 제세공과금 납부 필요 시(소득세법 제21조, 제127조, 제164조)
처리항목: 성명, 휴대전화번호, 이메일 주소(아이디), 주민등록번호, 신분증 사본(주민등록증/운전면허증/여권/가족관계증명서상 주민등록번호 및 주소), 통장 사본(예금주명, 은행명, 계좌번호), (미성년자의 경우) 가족관계증명서/주민등록등본상 정보 및 법정대리인 동의서상 법정대리인 정보
리뷰체험단(에이블리뷰어 등), 어필리에이트 마케팅(에이블리 크리에이터/패션크루, 4910 크루) 참여/선정, 본인확인 및 정산 계좌 등록 시
처리 항목: 성명, 휴대전화번호, 이메일 주소, SNS 계정, 통장 사본(예금주명, 은행명, 계좌번호), 사업자등록증 사본(개인사업자인 경우, 사업자등록증 상 대표자 성명, 사업장 주소)
판매촉진행사 당첨자, 리뷰체험단(에이블리뷰어), 어필리에이트 마케팅 참여자 등에 대한 소득세, 부가가치세 관련 제세공과금의 원천징수, 세금계산서 발행 등 소득세법
제21조, 제127조, 제144조, 제145조, 제164조, 제165조, 동법 시행령 제193조, 부가가치세법 제32조, 국세기본법 시행령 제68조에 근거한
세무 처리
처리 항목 : 성명, 신분증 사본(주민등록증/운전면허증 기타 신분증 상 사진, 주민등록번호, 주소),
웹툰/웹소설 서비스 나이 및 본인여부 확인 시
처리 항목: 성명, 생년월일, 성별, 내외국인 구분, 휴대전화번호, CI/DI
에이블리페이(계좌 간편결제) 서비스 이용 시
처리 항목: 성명, 통신사, 생년월일, 성별, 휴대전화번호, 금융기관(은행)명, 계좌번호, 예금주명, 간편결제 비밀번호
개인통관고유부호 조회, 확인 시
처리 항목: 성명, 휴대전화번호, 개인통관고유부호
고객 문의/요청 등 CS 대응 시
처리 항목: 성명(본인 또는 최근 배송 수취인), 휴대전화번호, 이메일 주소(아이디), 최근 배송지 주소, 본인확인을 위한 증빙자료상 개인정보(휴대전화가입사실증명서, 신분증사본, 가족관계증명서)
나. 회원의 동의를 받지 않고 처리하는 개인정보 항목
회사는 다음의 개인정보 항목을 회원의 동의없이 처리하고 있습니다.
상품 구매 등 서비스 이용시
법적 근거 : 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제4호(계약 이행)
처리 항목: 수령자 이름, 수령자 연락처(전화번호, 휴대전화번호 등), 배송지 주소, 환불 계좌번호(무통장입금방식 결제 등 일부 결제수단 이용시에 한함), 개인통관고유부호(해외배송 상품 구매시에 한함)
리뷰 작성 과정에서 맞춤 정보 입력 시
법적 근거 : 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제4호(계약 이행)
처리 항목: 신체 사이즈(키, 체중, 의류 등의 평소 사이즈) 및 뷰티(퍼스널컬러 및 피부타입) 정보
운세 서비스 이용시
법적 근거 : 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제4호(계약 이행)
처리 항목: 이름, 성별, 생년월일시(양/음력)
AI
프로필 사진 서비스 이용 시
법적 근거 : 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제4호(계약 이행)
처리 항목: 이용자가 등록한 사진(이미지) 내 얼굴
리뷰, 게시물 등 저작권 기타 지식재산권에 따른 임시조치 요청 내지 권리침해 신고 절차 위임 시
법적 근거 : 개인정보보호법 제15조 제1항 제4호(계약 이행)
처리 항목: 성명, 이메일 주소(아이디), 휴대전화번호, 피침해 게시물
3.
개인정보의 처리 및 보유기간
회사는 법령에 따른 개인정보 보유, 이용기간 또는 회원으로부터 개인정보를 수집 시에 동의받은 개인정보 보유, 이용기간 내에서 개인정보를 처리, 보유합니다. 각각의 개인정보 처리 및 보유 기간은 다음과 같습니다.
원칙적으로 회원의 서비스 회원가입 시부터 서비스 이용계약 종료(탈퇴) 시까지 처리 및 보유합니다. 단, 예외적으로 다음의 경우에는 서비스 이용계약 종료 이후에도 일부 개인정보를 처리 및 보유할 수 있습니다.
관련 법령 또는 약관 위반에 따라 서비스 이용제한 또는 탈퇴 조치가 이루어진 회원에 대한 편법적 재가입, 부정가입, 신규가입자 혜택 어뷰징 방지 및 민원 처리를 위해, 회원의 회원가입 시 동의를 얻어 이메일 주소, 휴대전화번호, 닉네임을 회원 탈퇴일로부터 30일간 보관합니다.
관련 법령 위반에 따른 수사, 조사 등이 진행 중인 경우, 해당 수사, 조사 종료 시까지 보관합니다.
관련 법령에서 일정기간 개인정보를 보관하도록 규정하는 경우는 다음과 같습니다.
전자상거래 등에서의 소비자 보호에 관한 법률(이하 “전자상거래법”이라고 합니다. 제6조)
계약 또는 청약철회 등에 관한 기록           : 5 년
대금결제 및 재화 등의 공급에 관한 기록    : 5 년
소비자의 불만 또는 분쟁처리에 관한 기록  : 3 년
표시/광고에 관한 기록                           : 6 개월
국세기본법(제85조의3)
거래에 관한 장부 및 증거서류                : 5년
부가가치세법 (제71조)
부가가치세의 과세표준과 세액의 신고자료  : 5년
전자금융거래법(제22조)
전자금융거래기록                                 : 5년
특정 금융거래정보의 보고 및 이용 등에 관한 법률(제5조의4)
고객확인의무자료                                 : 5년
통신비밀보호법
통신사실확인자료                                 : 3개월
4.
개인정보의 파기 절차 및 방법
회사는 회원 동의에 의한 개인정보 보관기간의 도래와 같은 개인정보 보유기간의 경과, 서비스 이용계약 해지(탈퇴), 서비스 종료 등에 따른 처리 목적 달성 등 개인정보가 불필요하게 되었을 때에는 회원의 개인정보를 지체없이 파기합니다.
단, 회원으로부터 동의받은 개인정보 보유기간이 경과하거나 처리 목적이 달성되었음에도 불구하고 다른 법령에 따라 개인정보를 계속 보존하여야 하는 의무가 있는 경우에는, 해당 개인정보를 별도의 데이터베이스(DB)로 옮기거나 보관장소를 달리하여 관련 법령에 따라 안전하게 보존하며, 법령에서 정한 보존기간이 경과하면 지체없이 파기합니다.
다른 법령에 따라 보존하는 개인정보의 항목과 보존 근거는
3. 개인정보의 처리 및 보유기간
에서 확인하여 주시기 바랍니다.
회사는 파기사유가 발생한 개인정보를 선정하고 개인정보 보호책임자의 승인을 받아 개인정보를 재생이 불가능한 방법으로 파기합니다. 출력물 등은 분쇄하거나 소각하는 방법으로, 전자적 파일 형태의 경우 복구 및 재생이 불가하도록 기술적 방법 또는 물리적 방법을 사용하여 파기합니다.
5. 개인정보의 제 3 자 제공
회사는 회원의 개인정보를 개인정보의 처리 목적에서 명시한 범위 내에서만 처리하며, 회원의 동의, 법률의 특별한 규정, 명백히 정보주체 또는 제3자의 급박한 생명, 신체, 재산의 이익을 위하여 필요하다고 인정되는 경우 등 개인정보보호법 제17조 및 제18조에 해당하는 경우에만 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공하고 그 이외에는 개인정보를 제 3 자에게 제공하지 않습니다.
회사는 서비스의 원활한 제공을 위해 필요한 다음의 경우 회원의 동의를 얻어 필요 최소한의 범위로만 개인정보를 제3자에게 제공합니다.
각 사이버몰에서 개별 입점 판매자(셀러스)의 상품 구매 시
제공받는 자 : 개별 입점 판매자(셀러스)
제공하는 항목 : 주문자 정보(성명, 휴대전화번호, 이메일), 상품구매정보, 수취인 정보(성명, 휴대전화번호, 배송지주소)
제공받는 자의 이용 목적 : 이용자가 구매한 제품의 배송/환불/반품처리, 주문관리, 고객 상담, 불만처리 등 전자상거래(통신판매) 계약의 이행을 위해 필요한 업무의 처리
보유 및 이용기간 : 서비스 제공 기간(단, 관계법령에 정해진 규정에 따른 해당 보유기간 동안 보관하며, 고객의 별도 사전 동의를 득한 경우 해당 보유기간 동안 보관함)
오퍼월 서비스 이용 시
제공받는 자 : ㈜버즈빌, ㈜핀크럭스, (주)티앤케이팩토리, ㈜애드팝콘, (주)나스미디어
제공하는 항목 : 사용자 해시ID, 광고식별자(ADID 또는 IDFA), 생년
제공받는 자의 이용 목적 : 리워드 지급, 광고(맞춤형 광고 포함) 운영, 고객 문의 대응 등 오퍼월 서비스 제공을 위해 필요한 업무의 처리
보유 및 이용기간 : 서비스 제공 기간 및 서비스 종료 또는 동의 철회일로부터 1년 (단, 관계법령에 정해진 규정에 따른 해당 보유기간 동안 보관하며, 고객의 별도 사전 동의를 득한 경우 해당 보유기간 동안 보관함)
개인통관고유부호 조회, 확인 시
제공받는 자 : 관세청
제공하는 항목 : 성명, 휴대전화번호, 개인통관고유부호
제공받는 자의 이용 목적 : 개인통관고유부호 조회 및 유효성 검증
보유 및 이용기간 : 개인통관고유부호 조회 및 유효성 검증 완료 후 파기
회사는 다음의 경우 관련 법령상 의무 준수 등을 위해 회원의 동의 없이 개인정보를 관계기관에 제공할 수 있습니다.
형사소송법 및 통신비밀보호법에 따라, 압수수색영장을 통해 요구받은 자료 또는 통신사실확인자료를 수사기관(검찰, 경찰 등)에 제공합니다.
부가가치세법, 소득세법에 따라, 소득세의 원천징수 등 세무처리를 위해 성명, 매출액 등의 금액, 주민등록번호 또는 사업자등록번호 등 세무 처리를 위해 필요한 장부와 자료에 포함된 개인정보를 국세청 또는 관할 세무서에 제공합니다
6.
개인정보의 추가적인 이용, 제공이 지속적으로 발생할 경우의 판단 기준
서비스와 관련하여 현재까지 개인정보의 추가적인 이용 또는 제공이 발생하지 않았습니다.  회사는 정보주체의 동의 없이 개인정보의 추가적 이용・제공이 필요하게 될 경우, 개인정보보호법 제15조제3항, 제17조제4항, 같은 법 시행령 제14조의2에 따른 아래 사항을 고려하여 본 개인정보 처리방침에 그 기준을 공개하도록 하겠습니다.
추가적으로 이용, 제공하려는 목적이 개인정보의 당초 수집 목적과 관련성이 있는지
개인정보를 수집한 정황 또는 처리 관행에 비추어, 추가적인 이용, 제공에 대한 회원의 예측 가능성이 있는지
개인정보의 추가적인 이용, 제공이 회원의 이익을 부당하게 침해하는지
가명처리 또는 암호화 등 안전성 확보에 필요한 조치를 하였는지
7. 개인정보 처리의 위탁
회사는 통합 서비스의 제공을 위하여 필요한 업무 중 일부를 외부 업체에 위탁하고 있으며, 위탁 업무 처리와 관련한 원활한 개인정보 업무처리를 위하여 다음과 같이 개인정보 처리업무를 위탁하고 있습니다.  위탁업무의 내용이나 수탁자가 변경될 경우에는 지체없이 본 개인정보 처리방침을 통하여 공개하도록 하겠습니다.
가. 개인정보 국내처리 위탁 현황
• 위탁 대상자 : [NICE페이먼츠㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [카드 결제 및 간편 결제]
• 위탁 대상자 : [주식회사 다날]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [휴대폰 결제, 본인확인]
• 위탁 대상자 : [주식회사 코리아포트원]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [본인인증확인 서비스 연동]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜비바리퍼블리카]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [토스머니/카드 간편 결제]
• 위탁 대상자 : [CJ대한통운㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [주문 상품 배송]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜새롬씨앤씨]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [글로벌 서비스 주문상품 배송]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜카페24]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [주문 정보 관리]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜셀메이트]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [주문 정보 관리]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜다우기술]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [주문 정보 관리]
• 위탁 대상자 : [핌즈㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [주문 정보 관리]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜엘지유플러스]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [고객 및 주문정보를 이용한 콜센터 업무]
• 위탁 대상자 : [NHN클라우드㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [카카오톡 알림톡, SMS 발송]
• 위탁 대상자 : [네이버파이낸셜㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [네이버페이 간편 결제]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜헥토파이낸셜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [간편 현금결제 및 동 서비스를 위한 휴대폰 본인인증, ARS 출금동의 인증, 예금주 성명조회]
• 위탁 대상자 : [갤럭시아머니트리㈜]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [편의점 결제]
• 위탁 대상자 : [㈜써머스플랫폼 스윗트래커]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [배송추적, 문자 발송]
• 위탁 대상자 : [(주)트랜스코스모스코리아]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [고객 상담 업무]
• 위탁 대상자 : [Amazon Web Services, Inc.(서울 리전)]
• 위탁업무 내용 : [데이터 보관]
회사는 위탁계약 체결 시 개인정보 보호법 제26조에 따라 위탁업무 수행목적 외 개인정보 처리금지, 기술적・관리적 보호조치, 재위탁 제한, 수탁자에 대한 관리・감독, 손해배상 등 책임에 관한 사항을 계약서 등 문서에 명시하고, 수탁자가 개인정보를 안전하게 처리하는지를 감독하고 있으며, 수탁자가 회사의 개인정보 처리업무를 재위탁하는 경우 회사의 동의를 받도록 하고 있습니다.
나. 개인정보 국외처리 위탁 현황
• 수탁업체 : Braze, Inc.
• 수탁업체의 소재국가 : 미국
• 위탁 일시 및 방법 : 서비스 이용 시점에 네트워크를 통한 전송 및 서비스 제공 과정 중 정보통신망을 통해 수시로 이전
• 수탁업체의 연락처 : privacy@braze.com
• 위탁하는 개인정보 항목 : 이용자 식별자, 이메일, 닉네임, 방문일시, 서비스 이용기록, 기기정보 등
• 위탁업무 내용 : 고객 분석을 통한 메시지(앱 푸시 포함) 발송
• 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 : 본 개인정보 처리방침에 규정된 보관기간과 일치함
• 수탁업체 : Amplitude, Inc.
• 수탁업체의 소재국가 : 미국
• 위탁 일시 및 방법 : 서비스 이용 시점에 네트워크를 통한 전송 및 서비스 제공 과정 중 정보통신망을 통해 수시로 이전
• 수탁업체의 연락처 : privacy@amplitude.com
• 위탁하는 개인정보 항목 : 유저 식별자, 방문일시, 서비스 이용기록, 기기정보 등
• 위탁업무 내용 : 이용자 서비스 이용 현황 데이터 분석
• 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 : 본 개인정보 처리방침에 규정된 보관기간과 일치함
• 수탁업체 : Google, Inc.
• 수탁업체의 소재국가 : 미국
• 위탁 일시 및 방법 : 서비스 이용 시점에 네트워크를 통한 전송 및 서비스 제공 과정 중 정보통신망을 통해 수시로 이전
• 수탁업체의 연락처 : googlekrsupport@google.com
• 위탁하는 개인정보 항목 : 유저 식별자, 방문일시, 서비스 이용기록, 기기정보 등
• 위탁업무 내용 : 이용자 서비스 이용 현황 데이터 분석
• 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 : 본 개인정보 처리방침에 규정된 보관기간과 일치함
• 수탁업체 : Meta Platforms, Inc.
• 수탁업체의 소재국가 : 미국
• 위탁 일시 및 방법 : 서비스 이용 시점에 네트워크를 통한 전송 및 서비스 제공 과정 중 정보통신망을 통해 수시로 이전
• 수탁업체의 연락처 : korealocalagent@support.facebook.com
• 위탁하는 개인정보 항목 : 유저 식별자, 방문일시, 서비스 이용기록, 기기정보 등
• 위탁업무 내용 : 이용자 서비스 이용 현황 데이터 분석
• 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 : 본 개인정보 처리방침에 규정된 보관기간과 일치함
• 수탁업체 : ㈜AB180
• 수탁업체의 소재국가 : 대한민국
• 개인정보가 처리되는 국가 : 일본 (AWS 도쿄 리전)
• 위탁 일시 및 방법 : 서비스 이용 시점에 네트워크를 통한 전송 및 서비스 제공 과정 중 정보통신망을 통해 수시로 이전
• 수탁업체의 연락처 : compliance@ab180.co
• 위탁하는 개인정보 항목 : 유저 식별자, 방문일시, 서비스 이용기록, 기기정보 등
• 위탁업무 내용 : 이용자의 상품, 서비스 이용 데이터 분석, 광고 성과 확인
• 개인정보의 보유 및 이용 기간 : 본 개인정보 처리방침에 규정된 보관기간과 일치함
이용자는 아래 12.의 회사의 개인정보보호책임자 및 담당 부서를 통해 개인정보의 국외 처리위탁을 거부할 수 있습니다.  이용자가 개인정보의 국외 처리위탁을 거부하는 경우 회사는 해당 이용자의 개인정보를 국외 처리위탁 대상에서 제외합니다.  다만, 이 경우 회사의 서비스 중 개인정보 국외 처리위탁이 필수적으로 수반되는 서비스의 이용이 제한될 수 있습니다.
8.
개인정보의 안전성 확보조치
회사는 회원의 개인정보를 처리함에 있어 안전성을 확보하기 위하여 다음과 같은 조치를 취하고 있습니다.
관리적 조치
내부 관리계획 수립, 시행, 운영현황 점검 및 전문인력 확충 등 보안성 확보를 위해 지속적으로 노력하고 있습니다.
개인정보를 처리하는 직원을 최소한으로 관리하고 있으며, 개인정보를 취급하는 직원을 대상으로 주기적인 교육을 실시하며, 전사 임직원에 대한 교육 및 캠페인을 통하여 회원의 개인정보 보호의 중요성을 인식시키고 있습니다.
기술적 조치
회원의 비밀번호와 같은 중요정보는 암호화하여 저장 및 관리되고 있으며, 개인정보의 확인 및 변경은 비밀번호를 알고 있는 본인에 의해서만 가능합니다.
암호화 통신을 통하여 네트워크상에서 개인정보를 안전하게 송수신하고 있습니다.
물리적 조치
서버실(전산 및 자료보관실) 등의 접근통제를 실시하고 있습니다.
9.
개인정보 자동수집 장치의 설치, 운영 및 그 거부에 관한 사항
회사는 회원에게 개별적인 서비스와 편의를 제공하기 위해서 서비스 이용정보를 저장하고 수시로 불러오는 쿠키(cookie)를 사용하고 있습니다.
쿠키(Cookie)는 서비스 운영에 이용되는 서버가 회원의 서비스 접속 시 자동으로 전송하여 회원의 기기(PC 또는 모바일)에 저장되는 소량의 정보 파일입니다.
회사는 회원의 서비스 로그인/접속 시간 및 빈도 등 로그인 정보의 식별, 분석 및 회원의 재접속 시 서비스 관련 지난 설정이나 과거 이용내역을 빠르게 불러오기 위한 편의성 제공 등 목적으로, 회원이 서비스 방문 시 자동으로 수집되는 쿠키를 활용하여 회원을 식별가능한 형태로 행태정보를 수집, 이용하고 있습니다.
회사는 회원이 서비스를 방문하거나 이용하는 경우, 서비스 제공 등 계약 이행을 위해 쿠키 및 제3자 업체가 제공하는 SDK를 포함한 태그 등을 다음과 같이 이용하고 있습니다.  제3자 업체는 이를 통해 서비스 방문이력 등의 행태정보를 수집하여, 맞춤형 광고 등 서비스 제공 목적에 활용할 수 있습니다.
브레이즈(Braze, Inc.)                           : SDK 방식
앰플리튜드(Amplitude. Inc)                   : SDK 방식
구글 애널리틱스, 구글 애즈(Google, Inc)  : SDK 방식
메타 픽셀(Meta Platforms, Inc)              : SDK 방식
에어브릿지[㈜AB180]                          : SDK 방식
네이버 애드 매니저(에이블리), 네이버 애널리틱스(4910)[㈜네이버]
: SDK 방식
애드팝콘(에이블리)[㈜아이지에이웍스]      : SDK 방식(에이블리)
회원은 쿠키에 대한 선택권을 가지고 있으며, 서비스 접속에 사용하신 웹브라우저 등에서 옵션을 설정함으로써 쿠키 허용, 차단 등의 설정을 할 수 있습니다. 다만, 쿠키 저장을 거부할 경우 일부 서비스의 이용에 어려움이 발생할 수 있습니다.
Chrome
웹 브라우저 우측 상단의 점 아이콘 선택 > [설정] > [개인정보 보호 및 보안] > [인터넷 사용기록 삭제] > [쿠키 및 기타 사이트 데이터]를 선택하여 데이터 삭제
동일하게, 설정 페이지 좌측에서 [개인정보 보호 및 보안] > [서드 파티 쿠키] > [서드 파티 쿠키 차단] 여부를 선택
Microsoft Edge : 웹 브라우저 우상단의 점 아이콘 선택 > [설정] > [개인정보, 검색 및 서비스] > [추적방지] 섹션에서 [추적방지] 여부 및 수준을 선택하여 설정
Safari의 경우, 모바일 기기 설정 > [Safari] > [고급] > [모든쿠키 차단]을 통하여 쿠키 허용여부를 선택할 수 있습니다.
10. 회원 및 법정대리인의 권리 및 그 행사방법
회원은 회사에 대해 언제든지 개인정보 열람, 정정, 삭제, 처리정지 및 철회 요구, 자동화된 결정에 대한 거부 또는 설명 요구 등의 권리를 행사(이하 ‘권리 행사’라 합니다)할 수 있습니다.
권리 행사는 회사에 대해 개인정보보호법 시행령 제41조 제1항에 따라 아래의 방법이나 서면, 전자우편 등을 통하여 하실 수 있으며, 회사는 이에 대해 지체 없이 조치하겠습니다.
회원은 각 사이버몰의 모바일 앱 내 마이페이지(또는 마이)>설정>회원정보수정(또는 내정보수정)에서 개인정보를 직접 조회, 수정, 삭제하거나, ‘
고객센터
’ 또는 아래 12.
개인정보보호책임자 및 담당부서
를 통해 열람, 정정, 처리정지, 삭제를 요청할 수 있습니다.
회원은 각 사이버몰의 모바일 앱 내 마이페이지(또는 마이)>설정>회원정보수정(또는 내정보수정)>회원탈퇴를 통한 탈퇴신청으로 개인정보의 수집 및 이용 동의 철회가 가능합니다.
회원이 개인정보 열람 및 처리 정지를 요구할 권리는 개인정보보호법 제35조 제4항 및 제37조 제2항에 의하여 제한될 수 있으며, 다른 법령에서 그 개인정보가 수집 대상으로 명시되어 있는 경우에는 해당 개인정보의 삭제를 요구할 수 없습니다.
회원의 권리 행사는 회원의 법정대리인이나 위임을 받은 자 등 대리인을 통해서도 하실 수 있고, 이 경우에는 “개인정보 처리 방법에 관한 고시” 별지 제11호 서식에 따른 적법한 위임장을 제출하셔야 합니다. 회사는 권리 행사를 한 자가 본인이거나 정당한 대리인인지를 확인합니다.
회사가 제공하는 서비스 이용과정에서 회원 본인이 자발적으로 공개한 개인정보에 관한 권리와 책임은 이용자 본인에게 있습니다. 자발적으로 공개된 정보는 보호받기 어려우며 타인에 의해 무단으로 수집되거나 처리될 수 있으며, 이로 인해 발생한 결과에 대한 책임은 전적으로 본인에게 있음을 유의하여 통합 서비스 이용과정에서 개인정보가 공개되지 않도록 주의를 기울여 주시기 바랍니다. 또한 이용자는 타인의 개인정보를 침해하지 않아야 합니다.
11.
외부 서비스 이용 안내
회사는 일부 커뮤니티 서비스와 관련하여 다양한 콘텐츠 제공을 통한 서비스 품질 향상을 위해 Google에서 제공하는 YouTube API 서비스를 이용하고 있으며, YouTube 서비스 약관(
http://youtube.com/t/terms
) 및 Google 개인정보 처리방침(
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
)을 준수합니다.
12. 개인정보 보호책임자 및 담당부서
회사는 개인정보 처리에 관한 업무를 총괄해서 책임지고, 개인정보 처리와 관련한 회원의 불만처리 및 피해구제 등을 위하여 다음과 같이 개인정보보호책임자를 지정하고 있습니다.
• 이름 : 최하늘
• 직책 : CTO/CISO
• 이메일 : support@a-bly.com
• 전화번호 : 1833-8021
회사는 정보주체의 개인정보자기결정권을 보장하고, 개인정보침해로 인한 상담 및 피해구제를 위해 노력하고 있으며 회원은 서비스를 이용하며 발생한 모든 개인정보보호 관련 문의, 열람청구, 불만처리, 피해구제 등에 관한 사항 내지 신고나 상담이 필요하신 경우 위 개인정보보호책임자와 담당부서로 문의하실 수 있습니다. 회사는 그에 대해 신속하게 답변 및 처리해드릴 것입니다.
13.
권익침해에 대한 구제방법
회원은 개인정보침해로 인한 구제를 받기 위하여 개인정보분쟁조정위원회, 한국인터넷진흥원 개인정보침해신고센터 등에 분쟁해결이나 상담 등을 신청할 수 있습니다. 이 밖에 기타 개인정보 침해에 대한 신고나 상담이 필요한 경우에 아래 기관에 문의하시기 바랍니다.
개인정보 분쟁조정위원회 (www.kopico.go.kr / 국번없이 1833-6972)
개인정보 침해신고센터 (privacy.kisa.or.kr / 국번없이 118)
대검찰청 사이버수사과 (www.spo.go.kr / 국번없이 1301)
경찰청 사이버안전국 (ecrm.police.go.kr / 국번없이 182)
14.
개인정보처리방침의 변경
본 개인정보 처리방침의 내용은 관련 법령, 정부의 정책 또는 보안기술의 변경 등에 따라 변경될 수 있고, 회사는 그 경우 변경된 개인정보 처리방침의 시행일로부터 최소 7일전에 통합 서비스 내 공지사항을 통해 고지합니다.
이 개인정보 처리방침은
2025년 2월 3일
부터 적용됩니다.
이전의 개인정보 처리방침은 본 화면 하단의 “이전 약관 보기”를 통하여 확인하실 수 있습니다.
이전 약관 보기
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).