GAMECAKE
Home
Emoji Charades
Support & Feedback
Jobs
The minute you read something that you can't understand, you can almost be sure that it was drawn up by a lawyer.
-Will Rogers
GameCake provides games for online streaming devices such as media players, mobile phones, and smart televisions.
Terms of Service & Privacy Policies
Emoji Charades (Emoji Charades: Party)
Also includes ToS & PP for this website, gamecakestudios.com.
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Icons Used
Icons Used:
art class by Ben Davis from the Noun Project
robotic by Eucalyp from the Noun Project
Famous Emoji by André Luiz Gollo from the Noun Project
Email by iconsmind.com from the Noun Project
Email by Hello Many from the Noun Project
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.gamecakestudios.com/legal/emoji-charades-pp:
GAMECAKE
Home
Emoji Charades
Support & Feedback
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 27, 2018
GameCake, Inc. ("us", "we", or
"our") operates the Emoji Charades mobile application, and related
website, www.gamecakestudios.com (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our
Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except
as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving
the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of
information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this
Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in
our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with
certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or
identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
limited to, your email address ("Personal Information").
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the
Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your
requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
The information collected is used during service, and is not stored by us when
use of the service is complete.
Log Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device,
we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited
to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP
address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
Internet browser you use and other statistics ("Log Data") Log data
is not stored by us after your use has terminated, but may be stored by our
third-party affiliates.  We have no
control, or influence over our affiliates, and therefore are not liable for any
misuse of your information by affiliates.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may
include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a
web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information
in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to
indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide
information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when
receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use
some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to
facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is
used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information
only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose
or use your information for any other purpose.
Compliance with Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to
do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to
comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect
the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to
us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable
security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information
we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use,
modification, or disclosure.
We do not store your personal information after you have
terminated use of our services. However, please be aware that no method of
transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal
Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be
transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state,
province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection
laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to
provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information,
including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your
submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not
operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to
that third party's site. We cannot be responsible for any acts committed by
sites not operated by us. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy
of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for
the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or
services.
Children's Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our
Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13
("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you
learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please
contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from
a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to
remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 03, 2017 and
will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in
the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this
page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy
at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your
continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy
Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications
and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we
will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by
placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
Individual Privacy Rights
Right of Access and Rectification of Your Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
‍
You have the right to access the PII about you that GameCake possesses, for instance to make updates to it. For any information that you cannot change, please email privacy@gamecakestudios.com and we will make that change within 72 hours. Your identity must be verifiable via email or phone.
‍
Right to Object to Processing PII
‍
In addition to changing your PII, you have the right to reject the processing of your PII except where processing is required by applicable law, or, where GameCake has a need to process it and processing is permitted by applicable law. Contact
privacy@gamecakestudios.com
, to opt out. Administrative and contractual emails about your account and services may still be sent.
‍
Right Not to Provide Consent or to Withdraw Consent
‍
GameCake may rely on your consent to collect certain PII or use it in the way described in this Privacy Policy, in supplemental privacy statements, or in App- or Site-specific Privacy Policies. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right not to consent, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of GameCake’s use of PII before you withdrew consent. Moreover, GameCake may have other bases, permitted or required by law, to preserve or continue using your PII.
‍
Right of Erasure
‍
You may have the right to have any PII removed from GameCake’s systems, although such removal may mean that GameCake can no longer provide services to your user account.
‍
Right to Restrict Processing
‍
You may have the right to ask that GameCake restrict use of your PII in certain circumstances, such as your belief that collection or use of the PII was not lawful, and where GameCake has a legal reason under which it is required or permitted not to erase such PII. In this circumstance, GameCake will maintain the PII in confidence and segregate it to prevent further use until TSIA is able to erase it.
‍
Exercising Individual Rights
‍
To exercise any of your individual rights in this section, please email
privacy@gamecakestudios.com
.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.gamecakestudios.com/legal/shuffle-rush-pp:
GAMECAKE
Home
Emoji Charades
Support & Feedback
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush
Last updated: March 27, 2020
We at GameCake, Inc., the owner and operator of the game Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush, hereafter collectively referred to in this Privacy Policy as "Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush", the "Game", "us", "our" or "we", respect the privacy of your personal information. We have provided this Privacy Policy to explain how our Privacy Policy will be applied to the player or users of our Game (hereafter referred to as "player", “user”, “you” or "your"). By accessing and using Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush (the “Services”) you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy you may not continue to use our Services.
AT THE PRESENT TIME EMOJI CHARADES: SHUFFLE RUSH DOES NOT COLLECT, STORE, USE, SHARE OR DISCLOSE ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION BELONGING TO OUR USERS ("PII" OR "YOUR INFORMATION"). WE MAY CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME. IF THIS POLICY SHOULD CHANGE, INCLUDING THE COLLECTION, STORAGE AND USAGE OF YOUR PII, WE WILL POST THE NEW POLICY PRACTICE HERE THIRTY (30) DAYS BEFORE THE CHANGE TAKES EFFECT. WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO PERIODICALLY REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE LATEST INFORMATION ON OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Your Information" or "PII" means information about you, which may be of a confidential or sensitive nature and may include personally identifiable information that would allow us to determine the actual identity of a specific living person.
‍
1.    Information Provided Directly By You
Although we do not solicit or actively collect PII, you may voluntarily provide PII directly to us, such as when you request information, contact customer support, join an event or otherwise communicate with us in any manner. We will only use that information for the purpose it was provided, and will not retain the information for longer than necessary to complete your requested purpose.
2.    Information Collected Through Your Use of Our Services
We collect data, in an anonymous or de-identified form, about your activity on our services; for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages that have been shown to you).
3.    Information Collected Automatically
We may automatically collect data through the use of various technologies including, but not limited to, Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons (explained below). This data is anonymous or de-identified and is used by us in order to enable us to better understand how our Services are being used by visitors and allows us to administer and customize the Services to improve your overall game experience.
4.    Cookies, Log Files and Anonymous Identifiers
a.     When you visit our Services, we may send one or more Cookies – small data files – to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and let us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Sites. “Cookies” are text-only pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive or other website browsing equipment for record keeping purposes. A Cookie may convey anonymous data about how you browse the Services to us so we can provide you with a more personalized experience, but does not collect personal information about you. Cookies allow the Sites to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. A Cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the Cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the Cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Certain Cookies may be used on the Sites regardless of whether you are logged in to your account or not.
b.     Session Cookies are temporary Cookies that remain in the Cookie file of your browser until you leave the Game.
c.      Persistent Cookies remain in the Cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific Cookie).
d.     When we use session Cookies to track the total number of visitors to our Game, this is done on an anonymous aggregate basis (as Cookies do not in themselves carry any personal data).
e.     We may also employ Cookies so that we remember your computer or device when it is used to return to the Game to help customize your Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush experience.
f.      We may use Cookies to help us know that you are logged on, provide you with features based on your preferences, understand when you are interacting with our Services, and compile other data regarding use of our Services.
g.     Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features in our Services may use Cookies to collect and store data.
h.     You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level. Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a Cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a Cookie. You can easily delete and manage any Cookies that have been installed in the Cookie folder of your browser by following the instructions provided by your particular browser manufacturer. Consult the documentation that your particular browser manufacturer provides. You may also consult your mobile device documentation for information on how to disable Cookies on your mobile device. If you reject Cookies, you may still use our Services, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Service may be limited.
i.       Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush cannot control the use of Cookies by third parties (or the resulting information), and use of third party Cookies is not covered by this policy.
j.       We may automatically collect de-identified data about how you interact with our Services, preferences expressed, and settings chosen and store it in Log Files. This data may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve analytics, or Game functionality.
5.    Table of Cookies
The following is a list of the possible Cookies we may use in our Services. Please note that the names of Cookies and other technologies may change over time.
Cookie Name:
ECSP
Duration:
Indefinite
Purpose:
Stores data about how many levels the user has unlocked, and how many points they have earned, so they can resume their session with all their progress saved. No PII is included in this data packet.
6.     Aggregated Data
We may collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data is de-identified or anonymized and does not constitute PII as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
7.    Children's Privacy
Our Services are intended for users who have attained the age of majority where they reside (18 years of age or older in most jurisdictions) unless they have received parental or legal guardian consent to use our Services. Furthermore, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information (PII) from persons under the age of 13 in the United States ("U.S."), or under the age of 16 in the European Union ("EU"), the "Protected Age". If you are under the Protected Age, please do not provide us with information of any kind whatsoever. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received information from a child under the Protected Age, please contact us immediately. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a person under the Protected Age, we will delete such information from our records.
8.     Contextual Advertising Disclosure
a.     Our Game may display contextual advertisements served by SuperAwesome Trading Limited (“SuperAwesome”), a provider of kid-safe advertising services that are designed specifically for the compliance requirements of younger audiences, including those aged under the age of digital consent..
b.     SuperAwesome is certified as COPPA-compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor Program. Please go to www.kidsafeseal.com for more information.
c.      SuperAwesome is a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). To protect your privacy, SuperAwesome has voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative, and its services have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, SuperAwesome’s services are subject to frequent audits and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
d.     SuperAwesome also provides advertising services in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 1996/679) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Adopting an approach of ‘privacy by design and by default’, SuperAwesome utilizes proprietary technologies so that it neither collects, stores nor shares your personal data to provision advertisements or target advertising to you. SuperAwesome acts as a service provider, as defined by the CCPA, and does not use data collected from children under the age of 16 for any purpose other than to provide contextual advertising for our Game.
e.     You may contact SuperAwesome directly at
privacy@superawesome.com
on + 44 (0) 203 668 6677, or by post: Privacy Team, SuperAwesome Trading Limited, 8 Duncannon Street, London, England, WC2N 4JF, United Kingdom.
9.    Data Partners Protective Measures
Our data partners use commercially reasonable technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration of data that we collect. Some of the safeguards they use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to their data centers, and data access authorization controls. Although they take measures to secure this data, you should not expect, that this data will always remain secure. We cannot guarantee the security of our data storage, nor can we guarantee that the data will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from our data partners over the Internet. In the event that any data is compromised as a result of a breach of security, our data partners will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
10. How We Use data We Collect
Our primary purpose in collecting, holding, and using non personally identifiable data is for our legitimate business purposes and to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience.
We will use this data in order to:
a.     Operate and provide our Services;
b.     Improve our internal operations, systems, products, and Services;
c.      Provide users with customer support;
d.     Understand user preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
e.     Resolve technical problems;
f.      Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized use or illegal activity;
g.     Enforce our Terms of Use and any terms and conditions of any agreements for our  Services.
11.  How We Share Data We Collect
We may share the data we collect as described in this Privacy Policy in an aggregated and de-identified form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you as follows:
a.     With third party Service Providers to enable them to provide our Services;
b.     With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such data to carry out work on our behalf;
c.      In response to a request for data by a competent authority if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by, any applicable law,  regulation, court or legal process;
d.     In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.
e.     To enforce our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and any other applicable agreements and policies.
12.  Links to Third-Party Websites
a.     Our Services may contain links or access to websites operated by third parties, including  advertisers, that are beyond our control. Links or access to third parties from our Services are not an endorsement by us of such third parties, or their websites, applications, products, services, or practices. We are not responsible for the privacy policy, terms and conditions, practices or the content of such third parties. These third-parties may send their own Cookies to you and independently collect data.
b.     If you visit or access a third-party website, application or other property that is linked or accessed from our Services, we encourage you to read any privacy policies and terms and conditions of that third party before providing any personally identifiable information. If you have a question about the terms and conditions, privacy policy, practices or contents of a third party, please contact the third party directly.
13.  Do Not Track Settings
Some web browsers may give you the ability to enable a "do not track" feature that sends signals to the websites you visit, indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different than blocking or deleting Cookies, as browsers with a "do not track" feature enabled may still accept Cookies. There currently is no accepted standard for how to respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal.
14.  Your California Privacy Rights
a.     California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California residents to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information, if any, we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes within the immediately preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information within the immediately preceding calendar year.
b.     If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
support@gamecakestudios.com
15.  Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy and practices, please contact us by any of the methods below.
Emoji Charades: Shuffle Rush
Email:
support@gamecakestudios.com
Our office address:
GameCake, Inc.
10061 Riverside Drive Box #823
Toluca Lake, CA 91602