LOOPS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to any and all services, applications, platforms, websites, or other affiliated
      ventures offered by LOOPS and its affiliates. Throughout this Policy, "LOOPS " and "We" refer to LOOPS and its
      affiliates. "You" and "Users" refer to you, anyone who uses, subscribes to, publishes through, joins, or visits
      LOOPS. "LOOPS Services" refers to the applications, platforms, websites and services controlled, operated,
      and/or produced by LOOPS.
By using LOOPS Services, you are giving express consent to the information handling practices described in this
      Policy. This Privacy Policy is also incorporated into and is subject to the LOOPS Terms of Use (please see
      http://loopslive.com/ - /term-of-use for more information). Your use of LOOPS Services and any information you
      provide through LOOPS Services are subject at all times to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
The Information That LOOPS May Collect
Through your use of LOOPS Services, the information below may be collected by LOOPS from time to time:
Information You Provide: You may provide to LOOPS what is generally called "personally identifiable"
        information (such as your name, email address, postal mailing address, and telephone numbers) if you use
        certain services or products from the LOOPS Services. Further, your User ID and the associated comments
        thereunder may be displayed throughout the LOOPS Services and will therefore be available to the public.
        Therefore, if you associate your actual name with your User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name
        will be able to personally identify your activities on LOOPS Services.
Information collected while using the application: While using LOOPS Services, we may collect, with your prior
        permission, information from your device’s phone book (contacts list).We will collect location information
        after obtaining the user's approval. The data will not be shared with third parties, It will only be used to
        calculate the live broadcast area and optimize the live broadcast recommendation list. We use this information
        to provide features of LOOPS Services to improve and customise LOOPS Services
"Automatically Collected" Information: When you access LOOPS Services (through your computer or mobile device)
        or open one of our HTML emails, we may automatically record certain information from your system by using
        different types of tracking technology. This “automatically collected” information may include Internet
        Protocol address ("IP Address"), a unique user ID, version of software installed, system type, the content and
        pages that you access through the LOOPS Services, and the dates and times that you visit the LOOPS Services.
"Cookies" Information: When you access LOOPS Services, we may send one or more cookies, which are small text
        files containing a string of alphanumeric characters, to your computer to store and track information about
        you when you access our services. LOOPS may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie
        disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be
        used by your browser on subsequent visits to the LOOPS Service. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please
        review your web browser "Help" file to learn the best way to modify your cookie settings.
LOOPS may collect and use the information above to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features
      and services found on the LOOPS Services as well as to track user-generated content and Users to the extent
      necessary to comply as a service provider with the applicable laws and guidelines in Singapore. We may use your
      email address for administrative communications such as notifying you of major LOOPS Service updates and/or
      privacy or security related notices, and for customer service purposes.
LOOPS uses all of the information that we collect to understand the usage trends and preferences of our Users,
      to improve the way LOOPS Services work and look, and to create new features and functionality.
LOOPS may use Automatically Collected information and Cookies information to: (a) remember your information so
      that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you access the LOOPS Service; (b)
      monitor and report aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed; and (c) track
      your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
When LOOPS Discloses Information
LOOPS does not share credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information with other organizations
      for their marketing or promotional uses without your prior express consent. In this regard, LOOPs undertakes to
      ensure that the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy is provided by any third
      party organizations to whom your information is shared. Please be aware, however, that any personally
      identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available portion of the LOOPS
      Services (e.g. your public profile information) may be collected and used by others without restriction.
LOOPS may disclose Automatically Collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information (such as
      anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with
      interested third parties to assist those parties in understanding the usage and demographic patterns for certain
      content, services, advertisements, promotions, or other functionality on the LOOPS Services.
We may disclose some limited User information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons to assist
      LOOPS in improving LOOPS Services and creating new features. We contractually require that these parties process
      such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Further, we authorize only a limited and specific use
      of such information, and we require these parties to use reasonable confidentiality measures when dealing with
      such information.
LOOPS also reserves the right to disclose User information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or
      necessary to take precautions against liability; to enforce our Terms of Use; to protect LOOPS from fraudulent,
      abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; to
      assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the LOOPS Service; or to protect
      the rights, property, or personal safety of LOOPS, our Users, or others.
Your Choices and Access to your Personal Information
You may decline to share your personally-identifiable information with LOOPS. You may also revoke or withdraw
      your consent to LOOPS’s collection of your information by contacting us at sghelp@loopslive.com. You may also
      view, update, correct, or delete your user information and preferences by contacting us at sghelp@loopslive.com.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting your
      account access or making corrections to your information. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF
      YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To a commercially reasonable extent, LOOPS undertakes to preserve the integrity and security of your personal
      information through certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards. We cannot, however, ensure or
      warrant the absolute security of any information you provide to LOOPS, which shall be done at your own risk.
      Once we receive your information, LOOPS makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the same
      in our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed,
      disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If LOOPS learns of a security breach, we will endeavor to notify you electronically as soon as practicable so
      that you can take appropriate protective steps. LOOPS may also post a notice on the LOOPS Services if a security
      breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in
      writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach, you should notify us at sghelp@loopslive.com
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
If you are under 18 years of age, please do not use or access LOOPS Service at any time or in any manner.
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, LOOPS does not knowingly
      collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 18 years-of-age. If LOOPS learns that
      personally-identifiable information of persons less than 18-years-of-age has been collected on or through LOOPS
      Services, LOOPS will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 18 who has become a user of LOOPS Services, please
      contact LOOPS at sghelp@loopslive.com to have that child's account terminated and information deleted.
International Visitors
For Users visiting LOOPS Services from the European Union or other non-U.S. territories, please note that any
      information you provide on or through the LOOPS Services will be transferred outside of the European Union or
      such other non-U.S. territory for use by LOOPS and its affiliates for any of the purposes described herein. In
      addition, because LOOPS operates globally, we may make the information we gather available to our worldwide
      business units and affiliates. By accepting this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, you hereby expressly
      consent to such transfers of your information to other countries.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the relevant requirements and standards
      imposed on LOOPS Services and their operation. Therefore, you are encouraged to frequently visit these sections
      in order to be updated about the relevant changes to our Policy and Terms of Use. Modifications will take effect
      on the day that they are posted.
For revisions to this Privacy Policy that may be materially less restrictive on our collection, use, and/or
      disclosure of your personal information, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you and obtain your express
      consent before implementing revisions with respect to such information.
LOOPS Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to withdraw your consent for our proposed
      collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information as stated above, please contact us at:
RINGS.TV Pte. Ltd.
79 Science Park Drive
#05-05 Singapore (118264)
or by email: sghelp@loopslive.com. We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days of its receipt.
Last updated on 29 October 2018