Help
Help
Register for access to the Members Area
As a member of our Credit Union you can view your account details online. But first you will need to obtain your PIN. You can contact the Credit Union directly or you can apply online for your PIN.
Can't Login
Can't Login?
If you already have a PIN and you are having trouble accessing the Members Area, view a list of potential problems and solutions below.
Timeout message when logging in
The Members Area uses a temporary file called a
Session Cookie
to check whether you are logged in. The file is temporarily cached on your computer the moment you login successfully, and is deleted immediately you click the logout button. However, if cookies have been disabled in your browser's settings, you will not be able to login, and you may receive the following message:
Your session has Timed Out due to a period of inactivity
We do not use cookies to collect or store your personal information. Session cookies are used solely to restrict and control access to the Members Area, and these cookies are deleted once you have logged out. Always click the logout button when you have finished.
How to enable cookies
Google Chrome
How to enable cookies in Google Chrome
Firefox
How to enable cookies in Firefox
Internet Explorer
How to enable cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Safari
How to enable cookies in Safari
Can't view the login or any other secure page
The login page and the Members Area pages are digitally encrypted by a secure certificate to protect the integrity of information passing between your computer and our web server. These pages can be recognized by their address which usually begins with http
s
://, where the s indicates a secure page.
Unfortunately, older browsers do not recognize the newer digital certificates, and so must be upgraded if logging into your account is required. The advantages of these certificates are clear: no one but you can view your account details.
Sometimes even the latest browsers and operating systems contain bugs or security loopholes which prevent logging in, and it becomes necessary to download a fix or an update for your particular browser or computer.
If possible, you should be using the latest version of your browser. (Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.) You should also make sure you have downloaded the latest patches, fixes and updates for your browser, particularly if you are accessing the Internet from a computer running Microsoft Windows.
These patches, fixes and upgrades usually resolve login problems, but they have the added benefit of improving the security of your computer, protecting against malicious downloads and viruses.
If you already have an up to date browser, you may also need to run a Windows Update if your computer is running Microsoft Windows. It is a good idea to run this update regularly because it will improve your computer's security. The Windows update can be run from the Windows Start Menu »
Windows Update
If you have never run this update before, it will take some time to complete the necessary steps. Thereafter, if you run the update regularly, it should be much faster.
The Members Area is being updated when I login
Your account balances and transactions are updated in the website regularly so that when you login you have a recent and up-to-date reflection of your finances. This usually happens either before the working day begins or at the end of the working day, but it does mean that the Member's Area is momentarily offline. Return to login a few minutes later and you should be able to view the latest information for your account once more.
If you continue to experience difficulties, it is likely that there is some other error and you should contact the Credit Union.
It says my PIN or Date of Birth are wrong
If you have recently registered for your PIN, it may take up to 48 hours to reflect in the website, and you should try again the following day or contact the Credit Union.
Make sure you enter your details exactly as requested. Here are some guidelines:
Member Number
- type your complete member number into the textbox provided, making sure you have no spaces between characters, and you have not omitted anything.
PIN
- ensure there are no spaces between characters, and make sure you enter a number only (no alphabetical characters).
Date of Birth
- type your date of birth exactly as requested using the formula
dd/mm/yyyy
. Don't forget to add the forward slash
/
between the day, month and year.
If you still cannot access the Members Area, there may be some other problem, and you should contact the Credit Union.
Cookies and your Security
The Members Area uses a temporary file called a
Session Cookie
to check whether you are logged in. The file is temporarily cached on your computer the moment you login successfully, and is deleted immediately you click the logout button.
We do not use cookies to collect or store your personal information. Session cookies are used solely to restrict and control access to the Members Area, and these cookies are deleted once you have logged out. Always click the logout button when you have finished.
How to enable cookies
Google Chrome
How to enable cookies in Google Chrome
Firefox
How to enable cookies in Firefox
Internet Explorer
How to enable cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer
Safari
How to enable cookies in Safari
Delete Remembered Passwords
If you are worried about the security of your computer, deleting your passwords can help secure your online presence. No matter the reason or browser, deleting your saved passwords only takes a few clicks.
How to Delete Remembered Passwords
For instructions of how to delete saved passwords in your browser, please see the following link:
How to Delete Remembered Passwords
Lost your pin
If you have lost your pin please click here to reset
The login form fields are filled out with another person's information
Forms Autocomplete
- This is a feature of the latest browsers which makes it easier to fill out online forms by remembering what was previously typed into the form's text boxes, and automatically inserting this information where appropriate. The kind of information remembered includes previous text entries, usernames and passwords, and web addresses when typed into the browser's address bar. In the case of public or shared computers this feature may reveal personal and confidential information and should ideally be disabled.
The login form fields are already filled out with my information on a shared computer
Forms Autocomplete
- This is a feature of the latest browsers which makes it easier to fill out online forms by remembering what was previously typed into the form's text boxes, and automatically inserting this information where appropriate. The kind of information remembered includes previous text entries, usernames and passwords, and web addresses when typed into the browser's address bar. In the case of public or shared computers this feature may reveal personal and confidential information and should ideally be disabled.
I am concerned about the privacy of my information
Your privacy and personal information is protected in several different ways on our website:
A PIN is issued only to bona fide members of the Credit Union, and your PIN application details are checked against the Credit Union system.
Your online account is protected by a 3-tier login, which is usually your Member Number, your PIN and your Date of Birth.
You should not reveal your PIN.
When you log into the members area, your login details are encrypted while passing from your computer to our web server, limiting the chances of revealing your information should it be intercepted en route. The 128-bit SSL encryption uses an industrial-strength PGP algorithm which has been found to be nearly impossible to break. The integrity of the encryption is verified by your browser which can recognize the digital certificate installed for our website, and inform you if the certificate (and therefore the encryption) is valid or expired. Next time you are in the Members Area, click on the small padlock at the bottom of your browser to view the digital certificate's details.
Not only are your login details encrypted, but so too are your account balances and transactions. In fact all information passing between your computer and the server is digitally encrypted while you are logged into the Members Area.
The Members Area will automatically close your session after 5 minutes of being idle, which helps prevent revealing your personal information should you be away from your computer for an extended period.
You should logout of the Members Area when you are finished.
Our server has a dedicated team of administrators, constantly maintaining and upgrading the websites' security and performance.
Web pages look different on my screen compared to another screen
While our websites are optimized to display adequately in most scenarios, there are a multitude of factors which may affect the way a page is displayed. The factors which influence how a website looks on your monitor are:
Browser Type (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.)
Browser Version - New browsers support more features, and suspend archaic features. Older browsers set aside more room for navigation buttons.
Operating System (Windows, Apple, Unix, Java, Mobile Device Operating Systems, etc.)
Monitor Size and Resolution - Monitors can be set to different display resolutions which mean a greater or lesser part of the webpage is displayed in the same area.
Monitor Colours - Colours appear differently on Windows, Apple, LCD and Mobile Device screens for example, and the number of colours a monitor can display varies greatly, from 256 up to 16 million colors. Monitors can also be set brighter or darker according to your preferences.
I think I am viewing outdated pages
Your browser has the ability to temporarily save pages you've visited so that the next time you visit them they will download much more quickly. Sometimes, after the website has been updated, you are still viewing an older page that was cached by your browser the last time you visited. You need to clear your browser's history and empty the cache to be able to view the latest version of a page.
Step 1 -
Clear History
Step 2 -
Empty Cache
Security Overview
The Members Area utilises several layers of technology to ensure the confidentiality and integrity of its transactions across the Internet. SSL Protocol (Secure Sockets Layer) ensures that data cannot be read by other computers as it travels between your browser and our server. Digital Certificates allow you to verify that your browser is communicating with our server and not another server posing as our server. Member Numbers, PINs (Personal Identification Numbers), your date of birth and other personal details are also used to verify your identity. In order to provide a banking service on the Internet, it is necessary for information to securely pass between your computer and our server.
Security Definitions
Your Browser
- As secure encryption advances, browsers need to be updated to avail of the most up-to-date improvements in secure communications. We recommend that you use an up to date browser. At the very least we recommend that you use Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Opera or Safari
Cookies
- A cookie is a piece of information that our server gives to your browser once your browser has established a secure session. The cookie basically tells our system that a secure session has already been established with your computer. Without the cookie data, you would have to login every time your browser requested any information from our server. When you click the Logout button to leave the Members Area, the cookie data is deleted from the system thus breaking the link between your PC and our server. Clicking on the Logout button ensures that you securely terminate the service.
Caching
- Caching is temporarily storing of information either in your computer's memory or its hard drive. When you view a page on the Internet, your browser may keep a copy of that information locally. This can be very useful for quickly retrieving pages that you have visited previously. However it may cause problems when the website has been changed, in which case you could be viewing out-of-date or even incorrect information. Your cache can be cleared.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://heritagecu.ie/heritage-union-credit-union-privacy-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
This website uses external scripts and cookies from third parties to enhance your browsing experience, to create a secure and effective website for our customers and to provide advertising we think may be of interest to you.
We will only use third party scripts and cookies with your explicit permission which you can grant by clicking “Accept”. You may withdraw your permission at any time via the Help / Cookie Settings menu item. You can also disable or delete cookies via your browser settings. To find out how to manage and disable cookies please read our
Cookie Notice
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
These cookies are necessary to ensure the website functions properly.
You cannot reject these cookies using our cookie management tool. You can control these cookies from your browser settings using the reject all cookies settings. Some functionalities on the website won’t work if necessary cookies are rejected.  We use necessary cookies to manage your visit to the website and to implement online banking functionality associated with Secure Customer Authentication.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
_grecaptcha
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
heritagecu.ie
4
__RequestVerificationToken
Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
__Secure-ASP.NET_SessionId
Stores a unique session identifier for the user in the current session.
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
progress.ie
3
ASP.NET_SessionId
Stores a unique session identifier for the user in the current Online Banking session.
sl#
Stores a unique identifier for a member for 90 days after they have completed an SCA on login in Online Banking on that device.
sti
Stores the user session timeout information in Online Banking.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
These are cookies gather analytics on the usage of our website including distinguishing unique users, remembering the number and time of previous visits, remembering traffic source information and determining the start and end of a session.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Marketing cookies are set by external advertisers to learn about a website visitor's overall online behaviours, such as websites they frequently visit, purchases, and interests that they have shown on various websites. It allows internet advertisers to provide targeted advertising content based on user profiles.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Unclassified
0
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/10/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Third Party Websites
Scope
Acceptance
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Consent
Who we share your personal data with
Your rights
Data Security and Retention
Information Security and Data Privacy awareness
How to contact us
Heritage Union Credit Union Privacy Policy
Introduction
Heritage Credit Union respects the rights of users of our website and is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that you continue to trust us with your personal data.
“Personal Data” is personal information about you as an individual such as your name, email address, address, telephone number and any information relating to you that we hold.
We will not collect your personal data on this website without your permission or otherwise in accordance with Data Protection legislation.
This Privacy Notice sets out:
Third party web sites
Scope
Acceptance
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Consent
Who we share your personal data with
Your rights
Data security and retention
Information Security and Data Privacy awareness
How to contact us
Third Party Websites
Our web site contains links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware of this when you visit these sites and to read the privacy statements on other web sites you visit. This Privacy Notice applies solely to our web site.
Scope
This Privacy Notice applies to the personal data that we collect about you on our website or mobile application for the purpose of operating the website and providing
· information about your Credit Union
· access to your account details and transactions (Online Banking)
· feedback features
· online membership and loan application facilities
· control over your contact preferences
Acceptance
By using our website or mobile application or by giving us your personal data, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to this Privacy Notice, please do not use our website or mobile application or give us any of your personal data.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Notice at any time and we encourage you to review this notice regularly to make sure you are aware of any changes and how your personal data may be used.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
4.1 Information that you provide to us
When you submit an enquiry to us via our Enquiry Form or submit feedback, we ask that you submit your member number (optional), your name and email address along with your query or feedback. We ask for this information so that we can respond to your query.
When you apply for a loan via our website we will ask for information necessary to process your loan request such as Credit Union account details, your name, address, contact details, date of birth, marital status, accommodation details, employment and salary information and current debt information.
If you apply for membership of the Credit Union via our website we will ask for your name, address, phone number(s), email address, date of birth, employment and accommodation information.
If you register for Online Access we will ask for your Credit Union member number, your name, date of birth, phone number and email address. This information is necessary to process your application for Online Access.
4.2 Data gathered from all visitors to our website
When someone visits our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns.
We do this to understand how our website is used by our visitors, for example how often various parts of the site are visited. This information is stored in an anonymous manner and you are not identified by this information.
We also gather the following technical details about visits.
· Your IP address
· Your web browser and operating system
· Date and time you visited various pages on our website
We also store cookies on your computer.
4.3 What are Cookies?
Cookies are files which are transferred to your computer's hard disk by a website. Cookies can store information about your preferences and other information which you need when you visit a website. The Credit Union uses cookies to monitor our website traffic, to ensure better service levels and in order to provide you with certain features such as the customised delivery of certain information.
To prevent the use of cookies you should activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables a user to deny or accept cookies. Click
here
to find out how to enable and deny cookies.
For more information about cookies see
www.allaboutcookies.org
4.4 Why do we collect your personal data and what do we do with it?
We collect data for the following purposes
· to enable the correct functioning of this website
· to allow us to process queries or feedback that you submit to us
· to process applications for membership, access or credit that you submit to us
All the personal data that you submit is processed in the Credit Union by our staff. However, for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance some of this information is located on servers within the European Union.
4.5 Are there consequences to not supplying Personal Data?
We need to collect your personal data in order to process your applications for membership,
Consent
5.1 What consent do we ask for?
We will ask you for your consent to process loan application information (including disclosing it to third parties necessary for its processing) and to submit your information to a Credit Check bureau. You may decline to grant this consent however without this consent we will be unable to process your application.
We may also ask for your permission to send you marketing material about carefully selected products and services that we feel would be of interest to you. You may decline to grant this permission without consequence.
5.2 Can I withdraw my consent at any time?
Yes. You must be logged in as a Credit Union user in order to manage your consent online. You may also manage your consent by contacting us using the contact details listed at the bottom of this page.
Alternatively, you may write to us or call into Heritage Credit Union at Credit Union House, Main Street, Rathfarnham, Dublin 14, Ireland, D14NX09
Who we share your personal data with
6.1 Information Technology service providers
We have engaged third parties for the supply of Information Technology services which allow us to process your information. These parties process your information under contract to us and are subject to the same European and national Data Protection laws as are we.
6.2 Transfer of information
We do not transfer your information outside of the EU.
Your information is processed entirely within the EU and, as such, is protected by European-wide Data Protection regulations.
Your rights
You have the following rights:
7.1 Access
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not we hold your personal data. Where that is the case, you have the right to request a copy of the data and information about it such as how long we will hold it and to whom we disclose it.
7.2 Rectification
Where your personal data is incorrect or out of date you have the right to submit a correction and require us to correct your data.
7.3 Erasure
Where your personal data is no longer required for the purposes for which it was gathered and we have no regulatory obligation to retain it, you may instruct us to erase it.
7.4 Restriction
You may require us to restrict processing of your data under certain circumstances.
7.5 Object
You can object to certain types of processing, in particular any direct marketing.
7.6 Data Portability
You can request a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable and interoperable format for transmission to another controller.
7.7 Withdrawal of Consent
Where our processing of your data is based on consent - for example, marketing - you may withdraw that consent at any time. You must be logged in to manage your consent online. Click
here
to manage your consent.
7.8 Lodge a Complaint
You may lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes Data Protection law.
Data Security and Retention
We do not retain your personal information for longer than we need to in order to meet the objectives for which it was gathered.
When we are moving your data from one location to another, whether physically or digitally, your data will be encrypted. Where appropriate, data will be encrypted at rest.
Information Security and Data Privacy awareness
We provide Information Security and Data Privacy awareness training to all of our staff and we require any of our contracted suppliers who process your data to also provide similar awareness training to their staff.
How to contact us
10.1 Credit Union
This is the website of
Heritage Credit Union
,
Credit Union House, Main Street, Rathfarnham, Dublin 14, Ireland, D14NX09
.
Phone:
(01) 490 0162
Email:
info@heritagecu.ie
10.2 Data Protection Officer
Queries relating to Data Protection or relating to exercising any of your Data Privacy rights should be directed to our Data Protection Officer:
Name:
Paul Griffin
Phone:
061 336412
Email:
paul.griffin@first-compliance.com
Cookie Notice
Copy link
✓
Thanks for sharing!
More…