Terms of Service
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”) carefully before using all our Apps. By using the Apps, you signify that you have read these terms and agree to be bound by and comply with them. InfoTalk reserves the right to modify these terms at any time and will publish at this site.
Permission to Use Apps
You agree to use the Apps in accordance with all applicable laws. You further agree that you will not post any of the following content anywhere on the Apps: 1. Content that violates federal or state law. 2. Content that infringes another’s intellectual property, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks or trade secrets.
You agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, if any, and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
You agree that InfoTalk will not be liable to you for any loss of damages (including, but not limited to, errors, loss of data, or interruption of service), either actual or consequential, arising from using Apps.
InfoTalk grants you a personal, non-transferable license to access and use the Apps. User may not otherwise copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any material in the Apps. The burden of determining that use of any information, software or any other content on the Site is permissible rests with User.
You agree that, if a third party claims that any material you have contributed to a Site is unlawful, you will bear the burden of establishing that the material complies with all applicable laws. InfoTalk has the right to remove material from the Apps, block access, or take other action with respect to the Material in its sole discretion, although InfoTalk are under no obligation to do so.
Warranty & Liability
These Apps are provided "As Is" without warranty of any kind. InfoTalk does not warrant, and hereby disclaims any warranties, either express or implied, with respect to the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any App. InfoTalk does not warrant that apps will operate in an uninterrupted or error-free manner or that Apps are free of any harmful component. Use of App is at your own risk.
The Apps may contain errors and omissions relating to product description, pricing and availability. InfoTalk reserve the right to correct errors or omissions without prior notice. InfoTalk also reserve the right to cancel any offered product or service in the event of an error or omission in the description, including price, unavailability or other reason.
InfoTalk 4-Year Lifecycle Policy for its apps begins from the date the user purchases the membership subscription. For the duration of four years, users will receive comprehensive support, which includes regular updates, and security patches. At the end of this 4-year period, the app will reach its End of Support (EOS), at which point no further updates or support will be provided.
Privacy Policy
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do with the personal information we collect both online and offline.
Information we collect
1. Login Information.
2. Location information.
3. "Other Information" is information that is anonymous, aggregate, de-identified, or otherwise does not reveal your identity. Such as course data, scores.
4. Local storage like iPhone core data.
5. Cookies and similar technologies.
How we collect information
1. Information you input. For example: Register an account, edit/add course information, your scores.
2. Information when you interact with our app: For example: Location information, calculated handicap.
3. Your data backup on our server.
Why we collect information
1. To provide personalized experiences.
2. To communicate with you, and manage promotion.
3. Support research on customer behavior.
4. Improve our data quality to benefit more users.
Information we share
1. We use the personal data you provide for internal business operations.
2. We share your information, including personally identifiable information, with our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons.
3. We share your information in response to a legal request if the law requires us to do so.
When this Privacy Policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all our websites, mobile or tablet applications, including GPS, Disc Golf, Handicap, and Toll Calculator apps.
Information security
We encrypt many of our services using SSL. We also use firewall to protect our server.
Policy Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice. The new policy shall become effective immediately upon being posted on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to ensure you understand our privacy practices.
Children Under 13
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Data without parental consent, please contact us and we will remove the information and terminate the child's account.
Third Parties
We also work with a variety of advertisers, and analytics companies that use various technologies including cookies to collect data about your use of our apps and websites.
Last Updated: Oct 30, 2018