End User License Agreement and Privacy Policy
This application, (collectively, this “Website and Apps”) is provided by Inlovewith AB ("Company"). This Privacy Policy sets forth, among other things, what information Company collects via this Website and Apps about you and your Website and Apps use, and how that information is used, stored and shared. If you do not think this is reasonable, you must not use this Website and Apps.
Your use of this Website and Apps confirms your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using this Website and Apps. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not access or otherwise use this Website and Apps.
Company might from time to time revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to use and access the Website and Apps now and after any revisions, you agree to the terms then in force as revised, including all revisions to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, please review the Privacy Policy each time you intend to use the Website and Apps.
This Website and Apps is not intended for use by anyone under 18 years old, or by anyone under the legal age of majority in his or her state of residence. Company does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate any account for any reason or no reason and with or without any notice in Company's sole discretion.
How our Magic Avatar feature works
We use a Neural Network Model Stable Diffusion that allows users to generate personalized Magic Avatars (“Avatars”).
  — Users upload 5 to 20 photos and select their gender.
— Using these data, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is retrained to personalize the model
— After the model copy is retrained, it generates the Avatars
— After the Avatars are generated, the copy of the model, along with uploaded photos, are deleted permanently from our servers
— We do not use your Personal Data to generally train and/or create our separate artificial intelligence/products.
We do our best to moderate the parameters of the Stable Diffusion model, however, it is still possible that you may encounter content that you may see as inappropriate for you.
  We also encourage you to get acquainted with our Terms of Use to understand how we provide services to you.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains what we do with your Personal Data (as defined below) and allows you to manage your Personal Data effectively.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our privacy practices. The purpose of our Privacy Policy is to explain what data we collect, how it is used and shared, and how you can control it. If you do not want us to process your Personal Data as it is described in this Privacy Policy, please do not Use the app.
By Using this app, you understand and agree that we are providing you with tools for editing and adjusting photos and videos that you upload, and, if you so request, for generating or creating new content from them, for example with our Magic Avatars feature.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@inlovewith.com
Magic Avatars
In order to generate Magic Avatars, you upload 5-20 photos. At this point, your photos are stored on our servers (provided by Amazon Web Services (USA)). Then, a copy of the Stable Diffusion model is created to be retrained with your photos to personalize the model and to create your Avatars. Immediately after the successful generation of Avatars, the Stable Diffusion model and your original photos are deleted from our servers. Your purchased Avatars are stored on our servers so that they remain accessible to you in the app at any time and from any device until you decide to delete them.
You can also always request us to delete your photos or Avatars by contacting us at privacy@inlovewith.com.

  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
We do not use photos, videos or Avatars to identify any individual user.
We do not use your photos, videos or Avatars for authentication, advertising, or marketing purposes, or to otherwise target a user in a similar manner.
We do not use your photos, videos or Avatars to build a user profile, or otherwise attempt, facilitate, or encourage third parties to identify anonymous users or reconstruct user profiles based on your photos, videos or Avatars.
We do not transfer, share, sell, or otherwise provide your photos, videos or Avatars to advertising platforms, analytics providers, data brokers, information resellers or other such parties.
Types of Information Collected
When you register and/or fill out any form on the Website and Apps, certain information is collected, including, but not limited to, your full name, mailing address, telephone number and e-mail address. When you send a communication via the Website and Apps, that communication is collected and, among other things, your name, address, e-mail address and other contact information provided. You may also visit the Website and Apps anonymously. Content generated with the application may be saved for internal quality control.
When you access the Website and Apps, your IP (Internet protocol) address and information about the Internet browser and computer or other device that you use to access the Website and Apps may be collected. Other information is or might be collected as well, including information about the frequency and length of Website and Apps usage and/or Website and Apps page visits, the website pages from which you linked to arrive at the Website and Apps, the browser software you use and your operating system, the date and time you access the Website and Apps, and the website pages to which you travel from the Website and Apps. This information commonly is collected via the use of cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies.
Uses of Information Collected
Company provides access to and uses the Website and Apps to, among other things, address customer service inquiries and requests; to identify and record your product preferences; and to send you from time to time information relating to Company, offerings and other promotional materials via e-mail and/or via physical mail.
If you prefer not to receive e-mails, such offerings or other promotional materials, please follow the instructions contained in any e-mail from the Company to unsubscribe. Doing so will not affect your receipt of e-mails or other communications specific to orders that you place or customer service inquiries or requests that you submit.
Sharing of Information Collected
Company does not market or rent your personal information. Subject to applicable laws, Company may share your personal information with its staff, with its Website and Apps hosting and maintenance, storage, processing and transmission of data persons and entities. Such persons and entities undertake an obligation to Company to not use or share your personal information for any reason other than furthering Company's business interests, however, Company cannot assure or guaranty you that such persons and entities will comply with its obligations. Company also might share your information with its accountants, counsel or other professional advisors who have contractual or professional obligations of confidentiality to Company.
In the event that Company is required to disclose your information pursuant to lawful requests such as a subpoena or court order, or otherwise to comply with applicable laws, Company will do so. In the event that ownership of all or a part of Company or its business were to change, your information pertinent to that business' operations may be assigned or transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner, without any prior notice to or consent from you.
Information Security
Company uses reasonable means to protect against unauthorized use or access to your information, as transmitted by you via the Website and Apps, and as maintained by Company or its third party service providers once received. Company cannot and does not guarantee the security, secrecy or confidentiality of any data you provide. In fact and subject to applicable laws, you should know any information or material sent, delivered and/or otherwise transmitted to Company will be deemed not to be confidential.
Website Use Tracking Technologies
The Website and Apps uses cookies (session and persistent) and web beacons to help enhance and make more convenient your Website and Apps use. Cookies are small files placed on your computer's or other access device's hard drive to collect information about your Website and Apps use and activities. Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open and are deleted once your browser session ends. Persistent cookies remain on your device's hard drive after your browser session ends and are used to try to improve your Website and Apps use experience. Web beacons (sometimes referred to as "tracking bugs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags") are small strings of code placed on a web page or within an e-mail for the intended purpose of transferring information. Cookies and web beacons facilitate Website and Apps navigation, and remember information you have previously inputted, and might be used to monitor the number of Website and Apps visitors, visits, pages viewed, and the total number of visitors served. Cookies also help Company and its third party providers learn how visitors use its Website and Apps.
You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie acceptance altogether. You will still be able to browse the Website and Apps, but you will not be able to retrieve your saved account information without cookies. Moreover, by not allowing cookies, your overall Internet browsing experience might not be as convenient or enhanced.
Third Party Links
Company, in its sole discretion, may include or offer third party links, products or services on the Website and Apps. All such sites may have separate and independent privacy, other policies and terms of use and may also collect personal information about you. Company has and assumes absolutely no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content and/or activities of these linked sites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed within them. If you decide to use this Website and Apps and/or any third party site, you do so at your own risk.
Social Media Connections
The Company may allow you to “register” with the Company by using Facebook® Connect or other Social Networking Site (“SNS”) authentication options to create an account within the Website and Apps. The Company may also provide a more typical registration flow where you may be required to provide certain information such as your first and last names; your e-mail address; a password and other information that helps the Company confirm that it is you accessing your account. If you use your login credentials from any SNS, you do so at your own risk and the Company is not liable for you doing so
At this time, but subject to change without any notice and at any time, you can connect your Company account to your accounts on third party services like Facebook®, in which case the Company may collect, use, disclose, transfer and/or store information relating to your account with such third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For example, if you connect with Facebook, the Company may store, among other things, your Facebook ID, first name, last name or email address and use any or all of them to connect with your Facebook account to provide certain other information, such as recommending emojis and/or other items that your Facebook friends may be interested in and may share the emojis and/or other items you may be interested in with certain groups of people, including your Facebook friends. In addition, if you connect your Facebook account, your Facebook friends and others may be able to associate your screen name, likeness or other characteristics with you.
Online Privacy Policy
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through Company's Website and Apps and does not apply to any and all information collected offline.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact Company at: info@inlovewith.com.
Company will make a sincere effort to respond to your questions.
© 2022 Inovewith AB. All Rights Reserved.