Disclaimer
All characters and event appearing in our applications are fictitious even those based on real people.
These characters in our games are purely for poor impersonation/imitation comedy.
Any resemblance to the real people, living or dead is purely coincidental and non-detrimental humor.
APPLICATION USAGE TERMS FOR MOBILE AND SOCIAL NETWORKS
This application operated and provided by DOBSWARE for Google Play Store and ITune IOS.
Provides applications with MANY different features. Use of these TERMS define the way as the user can use our applications, although not all features are available in All Applications.
Our applications may be available in some countries only, mainly in English language. May be necessary the User has a valid subscription to our Services to access our applications and use them.
When installing and using this application, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and to the TERMS of Use of any other software Site or Third Party, to which access uses this application.
The access to any Services STORE (GooglePlayStore / iTunes) through our applications, and their subsequent use of the User Services are subjected to the TERMS OF SERVICE the User Agreed upon the STORE (GooglePlayStore / iTunes).
These TERMS are subject to change, you should review this page from time to time, keep up with any changes. Certain TERMS may be further added to determined features or certain promotions added to the game. If the user installs and uses this application, we may collect information about you.
1. THE STORE OWNER
These Terms of Use are binding the user to DOBSWARE and not the shop owner where the user bought/downloaded the application from. DOBSWARE is only responsible for the contents of the application, except as defined in these Terms of use.
2. CHILDREN
Some of the applications or content available through our applications may not be suitable for children under a certain age. In some cases, ratings will be displayed to indicate the suitability of content or access to content may be restricted to certain age groups. Parents and legal guardians should supervise the access and usage that children give our applications, in particular the use they make of the Community features.
3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property rights on the application and the information, content or software available via the application belong to DOBSWARE, our licensors and/or third-party website operator to whom the user access or from which you use the application.
A large part of the application is protected by copyright, trademark, database on rights and other intellectual property rights.
Except where otherwise provided, the user has the right to install and use the application only for his/her personal use.
You may not copy, modify, adapt, distribute, publish, sell, and license the application, in whole or in part, to anyone else.
You may not use the application for any commercial purpose or to use with any other product other than the one that legally runs the operating system in STORE.
In addition, you must use the application according to the terms of use of the STORE. Except to the extent permitted by applicable law, you may not disassemble, decompile or reverse code, or otherwise break or attempt to break encryption protecting the application.
4. AVAILABILITY
Our applications are provided “as is”.
Sometimes, applications may not be available or may be affected by failures, for maintenance or for reasons beyond our control.
There is no guarantee of quality, functionality, availability or performance of our applications, or any content or services accessed through our applications.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend or withdraw any application, in whole or in part and to suspend access to any application, at any time and without notice.
You are responsible for the fees of your Internet Service Provider and any other fees related to your use of our applications.
You cannot damage, interfere with or disrupt access to our applications, or do anything that would limit the functionality or interfere with the access of another person to our applications.
You may not use the applications in any unlawful manner to be harmful to DOBSWARE or to our affiliates, or the operator of any third party platforms, which has accessed or where you have used the application, and for any other person.
5. COMMUNITY
You are fully responsible for all text, video, audio, images, photographs or any other material or content that you send or share through our applications.
The operator must use responsibly any Community features that are or can be made available in the application.
In particular, you cannot send or share content that infringes the law or the rights of others, or that include activities or discriminatory statements, offensive, obscene or defamatory or which may offend other based on their nationality, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, religion, faith or disability.
You may not use any Community functionality for any commercial purpose.
You grant us perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully transferable right to use, copy, modify, publish and display all content you send or share through our applications, and incorporate into other works.
You waive all moral rights you may have about this content.
You agree that we do not monitor all content created by users who have been sent or shared across our applications, and we have no obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right to monitor such content and to edit, delete or remove without notice any content that we consider inappropriate. The views expressed through our applications are the opinions of members of the public and not opinions of DOBSWARE, our affiliated companies, licensors or our partners. If the user finds that content constitutes a breach of these Terms of Use he/she shall report such content to us and/or the platform operator or website in which the user has agreed the use of the application, or you can use our e-mail service at dobsware@gmailcom.
6. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We do not approve or noticed any third party websites to which you have access to inside the application, where it forces the user to use the application, or which are connected from to the application itself, and we are not in any way responsible or accountable for their content. The use that the user gives to third party websites subject to the terms and conditions of those websites and platforms.
7. DISCLAIMER
The DOBSWARE does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or completeness of our applications or any content or services accessed through our applications.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, DOBSWARE, our affiliated companies, licensors and our websites to which the user has access to or where operators have used the application from, reject all liability for any loss or damage that you or any other third may suffer, directly or indirectly, accidentally or as a result of using or access to an application, or inability to access an application, including any loss of data or damage caused by download the application.
Moreover, neither the DOBSWARE nor the STORE offer any maintenance or support services related to the application.
You, as a consumer, have rights that are not affected by these Terms of Use.
The user can exercise these rights against the party from whom you purchased the application. This part will be identified in terms of use of the App Store, and can be the DOBSWARE or STORE.
Apart from that defined above and to the extent permitted by law, the Shop Owner shall have no liability on the application, including, without limitation, liability claims on the product; any claim that the application is not under any applicable law or regulatory requirement; complaints from consumer protection or similar legislation; and any claims that the application infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party.
8. SEPARATION
Even if any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
9. CONTACT DETAILS
If the user has a question or complaint regarding the application, please contact us at: dobsware@gmail.com.
10. THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES
The STORE and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries under these Terms of Use and have the right (and will be considered you accept this right) to use these Terms of Use against the user as third party beneficiaries.
11. LEGAL COMPILANCE
You warrant and represent that you will not have any responsibility for the application, including, without limitation, liability claims on the product; any claim that the application is not under any applicable law or regulatory requirement; complaints from consumer protection or similar legislation and any claims that the application infringes the intellectual property rights of a third party.
12. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use are governed by Portuguese laws and the contract between the USER and DOBSWARE is celebrated in Portugal.
DOBSWARE DISCLAIMER
1. Acceptance of Our Terms
By visiting the site DOBSWARE, view, access or use any of the services or information created, collected, compiled or submitted to DOBSWARE you agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not want to be bound by our Terms your only option is not to visit, view or otherwise use the DOBSWARE services. You understand, agree and acknowledge that these Terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and DOBSWARE and that the use of DOBSWARE shall indicate your conclusive acceptance of this agreement.
2. Provision of Services
You agree and acknowledge that DOBSWARE has the right to modify, improve or discontinue any of its services at its sole discretion and without notice to you even if it may result in you being prevented from accessing any information contained therein. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that DOBSWARE is entitled to provide services to you through subsidiaries or affiliated entities.
3. Property Rights
You acknowledge and agree that DOBSWARE may contain proprietary and confidential information including trademarks, service marks and patents protected by intellectual property laws and international intellectual property treaties. DOBSWARE authorizes you to view and make a single copy of portions of its content for offline, personal, noncommercial use. Our content may not be sold, reproduced or distributed without our written permission. All third-party trademarks, service marks and logos are the property of their respective owners. Any other rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
4. Submitted Content
When you submit content to DOBSWARE you simultaneously grant DOBSWARE, worldwide, irrevocable free of copyright to publish, display, modify, distribute and syndicate your content worldwide. You confirm and warrant that you have the required authority, and legal tutelage to grant the above license agreement to DOBSWARE.
5. Termination of Agreement
The terms of this Agreement will continue to apply in perpetuity until terminated by either party without notice at any time for any reason. Terms that are to continue in perpetuity shall be unaffected by the termination of this contract.
6. Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand and agree that the use of DOBSWARE is entirely at your own risk and that our services are provided “as is” and “as available”. DOBSWARE does not make any express or implied warranties, endorsements or representations to be on the functioning of DOBSWARE website, information, content, materials or products. This should include, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and warranties that access to or use of the service will be uninterrupted or error free or that defects in the service will be corrected.
7. Limitation of Liability
You understand and agree that DOBSWARE and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates shall in no event be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or exemplary.
This should include, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, business interruption, business reputation or goodwill, loss of programs or information or other intangible losses resulting from the use or inability to use the service or information, or any permanent or temporary cessation of such service or access to information, or the deletion or corruption of any content or information, or failure to store any content or information. The above limitation shall apply whether or not DOBSWARE has been advised of or should have known of the possibility of such damages. In jurisdictions where the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages is not allowed the liability of DOBSWARE is limited to the maximum allowed by law.
8. External Content
DOBSWARE may include links to third party content, advertising or websites. You acknowledge and agree that DOBSWARE is not responsible for and does not endorse any advertising, products or resource available from such resources or websites.
9. Jurisdiction
You understand and expressly agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the country, state, province or territory determined solely by DOBSWARE to resolve any legal matter arising from this agreement or related to your use of DOBSWARE. If the court of law jurisdiction having rules that any provision of this Agreement is invalid, that provision will be removed from the remaining Terms and Conditions will remain valid.
10. Entire Agreement
You understand and agree that the above terms constitute the entire general agreement between you and DOBSWARE. You may be subject to additional terms and conditions when you use, purchase or access other services, affiliate services or third-party content or material.
11. Changes to the Terms
DOBSWARE reserves the right to modify these Terms from time to time at our discretion and without notice. Changes to our terms enter into force on the date they are posted and your continued usage of any DOBSWARE applications after any changes to Terms will signify your agreement to be bound by them.
Dobsware
2025
. Crafted by
Alojaki.pt
close
arrow-circle-o-down
map-marker
twitter-square
facebook-square
linkedin-square
phone
bars
envelope
youtube-square
chevron-down