About
Features
Games
Blog
Privacy-policy
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Sweepstakes
Contact
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: August 14th, 2024
Notice Version: 1.2
Data Controller Contact Information:
Aeria Canada Studio Inc.
1055 WEST GEORGIA STREET
1500 ROYAL CENTRE, P.O. BOX 11117
VANCOUVER BC V6E 4N7
CANADA
privacy@aeriacanada.com
This privacy notice applies to the information that we collect from you when you use our websites,
http://aeriacanada.com
, http://blockydeals.com, and our mobile applications collectively and herein after called “Platform.”
Our privacy notice tells you what personal data and nonpersonal data we may collect from you, how we collect them, how we protect them, how we share them, how you can access and change them, and how you can limit our sharing of them. Our privacy notice also explains certain legal rights that you have with respect to your personal data. Any capitalized terms not defined herein will have the same meaning as where they are defined elsewhere on our Platform.
Definitions
‘NONPERSONAL DATA’ (NPD) is information that is in no way personally identifiable.
‘PERSONAL DATA’ (PD) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. PD is in many ways the same as Personally Identifiable Information (PII). However, PD is broader in scope and covers more data. (GDPR) means General Data Protection Regulation.
Topics Covered in Our Privacy Notice
YOUR RIGHTS
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED
RETAINING AND DESTROYING YOUR PD
UPDATING YOUR PD
REVOKING YOUR CONSENT FOR USING YOUR PD
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
DO NOT TRACK SETTINGS
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
PROTECTING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
OUR EMAIL POLICY
OUR SECURITY POLICY
USE OF YOUR CREDIT CARD
TRANSFERRING PD FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
YOUR RIGHTS
If you want to exercise any of your rights included in this privacy notice, contact us by using the information at the top of this privacy notice.
You Have the Right Not to Have Your Personal Information Sold
You have the right to request that we do not sell any of your personal information.
Personal information for this section means a natural person’s first name or first initial and last name in combination with any one or more of the following data elements when the name and data elements are not encrypted: social security number, driver’s license number, driver authorization card number, or identification card number. Account number, credit card number, or debit card number, in combination with any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to the person’s financial account. A medical identification number or a health insurance identification number. A username, unique identifier, or electronic mail address in combination with a password, access code, or security question and answer that would permit access to an online account.
If you wish to make this request, please email us at: privacy@aeriacanada.com telling us that you do not want to have any of your personal information sold. Please include enough personal information so that we can reasonably verify your identification. We will respond to your request within 60 days after receiving it.
You have the right to request your PD to be deleted.
If you wish to make this request, please email us at: privacy@aeriacanada.com telling us that you wish to request that your data is deleted, specify the types of data that you wish to be deleted or kept, and any additional retention period. Please include enough personal information so that we can reasonably verify your identification. We will respond to your request within 60 days after receiving it.
Your Rights Under the GDPR
When using our Platform and submitting PD to us, you may have certain rights under the GDPR if you reside or are in any of the countries of the European Union. Depending on the legal basis for processing your PD you may have some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Be Informed - You have the right to be informed about the PD that we collect from you and how we process them.
The Right of Access - You have the right to get confirmation that your PD are being processed and you have the ability to access your PD.
The Right to Rectification - You have the right to have your PD corrected if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
The Right to Erasure (Right to Be Forgotten) - You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your PD if there is no compelling reason for us to continue processing them.
The Right to Restrict Processing - You have the right to ‘block’ or restrict the processing of your PD. When your PD are restricted, we are permitted to store your data, but not to process them further.
The Right to Data Portability - You have the right to request your PD that you provided to us and use them for your own purposes. We will provide your data to you within 30 days of your request. Contact us using the information at the top of this privacy notice to request your PD.
The Right to Object - You have the right to object to us processing your PD for the following reasons:
Processing was based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
Direct marketing (including profiling)
Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Automated Individual Decision-Making and Profiling - You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects regarding you or similarly significantly affects you.
Filing a Complaint with Authorities - You have the right to file a complaint with supervisory authorities if your information has not been processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. If the supervisory authorities fail to address your complaint properly, you may have the right to a judicial remedy.
Your California Privacy Rights
Californian consumers have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CaCPA) AB 375. For us to comply with some of these rights, we must be able to reasonably verify a consumer’s identity. These rights include:
the right of Californians to know what personal information is being collected about them
the right of Californians to know whether their personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom
the right of Californians to say no to the sale of their personal information
the right of Californians to access their personal information
The right to data portability. Californians have the right to request their personal information that they provided to us and use them for their own purposes. We will provide Californians their personal information within 30 days of their request
the right of Californians of the deletion of their personal information
the right of Californians of equal service, price, and not being discriminated against even if they exercise their privacy rights
one or more designated means for Californian consumers to submit requests under the CACPA including (at minimum) a toll-free telephone number, and if the business maintains an Internet website, a website address
the right of Californians to designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf. When designating an authorized agent, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification.
These rights include the right to request what personal information we collect and disclose about consumers.
Personal information includes:
categories of personal information that a business collected about the consumer
categories of sources from which the personal information was collected
specific pieces of personal information that the business has collected about consumers
categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information
the business or commercial purpose of collecting or selling personal information
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Generally, you control the amount and type of information that you provide to us when using our Platform.
Our Legal Basis for Collecting and Processing PD
Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you buy our products or services is based on and the necessity for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you sign up for our free newsletter or free downloads through our Platform, including information you enter into any of our opt-in forms is based on consent.
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information may include the name of the website from which you entered our Platform, if any, as well as the name of the website you’ll visit when you leave our Platform. This information may also include the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, and data about your browsing activity when using our Platform. We use all this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our Platform.
When Entering and Using Our Platform
When you enter and use our Platform and agree to accept cookies, some of these cookies may contain your PD.
Our Use of Cookies
Our Platform uses cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data or a text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access certain websites. Cookies may contain text that can be read by the web server that delivered the cookie to you. The text contained in the cookie generally consists of a sequence of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your computer or mobile device; it may contain other information as well.
By agreeing to accept our use of cookies you are giving us and the third parties with which we partner permission to place, store, and access some or all the cookies described below on your computer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are necessary for proper functioning of the Platform, such as displaying content, logging in, validating your session, responding to your request for services, and other functions. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. If you disable these cookies, you may not be able to access features on our Platform correctly or at all.
Performance Cookies - These cookies collect information about the use of the Platform, such as pages visited, traffic sources, users’ interests, content management, and other measurements.
Functional Cookies - These cookies enable the Platform to remember users’ choices, such as their language, usernames, and other choices while using the Platform. They can also be used to deliver services, such as letting a user create a blog post, listen to audios, or watch videos on the Platform.
Media Cookies - These cookies can be used to improve a Platforms performance and provide special features and content. They can be placed by us or third parties who provide services to us.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies - These cookies are usually placed and used by advertising companies to develop a profile of your browsing interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies.
Session Cookies - These cookies allow a Platform to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes, such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping cart as they browse a Platform. Session cookies also permit users to be recognized as they navigate a Platform so that any item or page changes they make are remembered from page to page. Session cookies expire after a browser session; they are not stored long term.
Persistent Cookies - These cookies are stored on a user’s device between browser sessions, which allows the user’s preferences or actions across a website or across different websites to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for several purposes, including remembering users’ choices and preferences when using a Platform or to target advertising to them.
We may also use cookies for:
identifying the areas of our Platform that you have visited
personalizing content that you see on our Platform
our Platform analytics
remarketing our products or services to you
remembering your preferences, settings, and login details
targeted advertising and serving ads relevant to your interests
affiliate marketing
allowing you to post comments
allowing you to share content with social networks.
Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access features on our Platform correctly or at all.
Web Beacons
We may also use a technology called web beacons to collect general information about your use of our Platform and your use of special promotions or newsletters. The information we collect by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor the number of people who open our emails. Web beacons also help us to understand the behavior of our customers and users.
At User and Member Registration or When Buying Products or Services
When you register as a user, member, or when buying our products or services, we may collect some or all of the following information: your first and last name, age, email address, physical address, phone number, time spent on app, number of levels you have completed, number of videos watched, number of promotions entered, credit card or other payment information, username, password, and other information listed.
Collecting Information About Your Physical Location
When you use our Platform, we may collect and process information about your actual physical location. We use several technologies such as GPS and IP tracking to determine your location. These technologies may also give us information about nearby cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other devices.
Chat Software or Contact Forms
Our Platform contains chat software or contact forms that enable visitors to communicate with us live online or offline by email. In some cases visitors can communicate with us without buying our products and services. When you use our chat software or contact forms, we may collect some or all the following information: your email address, first name, last name, location, phone number and any other information you willingly choose to give us. You should limit the information you give to us to one that is necessary to answer your questions.
Google Ad and Content Network
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's past visits to our Platform. Google's use of cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visits to our Platform and/or other websites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of Google’s cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ For European users visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
Analytics
We use analytics and crash reporting services from several companies to collect information about the use of our Platform. Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Platform, what pages they visit, when they do so, what other websites they used before coming to our Platform, and their IP addresses. We use the information we get from analytics to improve our services.
Bright Data Network
In return for some of the premium features of our Platform, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://bright-sdk.com/eula
and Bright Data’s Privacy Policy:
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-privacy.
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by switching off web indexing from the Setting menu. You can always opt-in again at any time.
Activity and movement at our websites or mobile apps
When you visit our websites or use our mobile apps, you accept the terms of this privacy policy and you give us consent to track your behaviour in our Platform, we will record your IP address and track your activity and behaviour in order to improve user experience, game play and efficiency of our user support in the event you need any help or advice on using our Platform.
The processing of movement and tracking behaviour in our Platform is not considered Personal Data or sensitive data. We do not track your behaviour outside our Platform and we use professional software to mask any sensitive data you might need to enter during a session in our Platform.
We may track visitor activity and behaviour every time you access our Platform and the resulting data allow us to improve user experience, game quality and provide more effective user support. Your personal data might be collected by us or 3rd parties,such as Smartlook.com, s.r.o., VAT ID: CZ 095 08 830.
If you change your mind regarding the processing of movement and user behaviour, you can easily withdraw your consent at any time by closing our Platform
.
In the same way, you can re-grant your consent to us after you withdraw it, simply by accessing our Platform again.
In all cases, we will process your movement and behaviour as non-personal data manually and in electronic information systems. However, these systems are subject to consistent and ongoing physical and technical checks. All persons who, on our instruction and under our authority, come into contact with your movement, tracking and non-personal data in the course of their work or as part of their contractual duties are bound by the confidentiality obligation.
What Happens If You Don’t Give Us Your PD
If you do not provide us with enough PD, we may not be able to provide you all our products and services. However, you can access and use some parts of our Platform without giving us your PD.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION IS USED AND SHARED
We use the information we receive from you to:
provide our products and services you have requested or purchased from us
personalize and customize our content
make improvements to our Platform
contact you with updates to our Platform, products and services
resolve problems and disputes
contact you with direct marketing and advertising that we believe may be of interest to you.
Communications and Emails
When we communicate with you, we will use the email address you provided when you registered as a user or customer. We may also send you emails with promotional information about our Platform, special offers, giveaways from us and our affiliates unless you have opted out of receiving such information. You can change your contact preferences at any time through your account or by contacting us using the contact information at the top of this privacy notice.
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties
We do not sell or rent your PD to third parties for marketing purposes. However, for data aggregation purposes we may use your NPD, which might be sold to other parties at our discretion. Any such data aggregation would not contain any of your PD. We may give your PD to third-party service providers whom we hire to provide services to us. These third-party service providers may include but are not limited to payment processors, web analytics companies, advertising networks, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, accountants, law firms, auditors, shopping cart and email service providers, and shipping companies.
Sharing Your PD for Lookalike or Similar Audience Marketing
We may share your PD with third parties for similar audience marketing purposes. Similar audience marketing is also called lookalike audience marketing. The third parties we share your PD with for this type of marketing include Facebook and/or Google. Using your PD for similar audience marketing or lookalike audience marketing helps us find new audiences (users and customers) based on similar interests to yours. This helps us improve our marketing services. Your PD is only shared with Facebook and Google for this type of marketing. By using our Platform and agreeing to our privacy notice you are giving consent for your PD to be used for the marketing purposes described within this section.
Sharing Your Information When You Login Using Social Media Websites
We may share your information with third parties such as Facebook.com, Twitter.com, YouTube.com, Instagram.com, and Google.com. If you decide to login to our Platform using these third parties or other social media websites, you are agreeing to let us use and store your profile information from those websites to make better use of any social media features on our Platform. This sharing of information helps us provide you a better experience when using our Platform and services. It also provides us with useful information such as visitor traffic. If you use any of the social sharing icons on our Platform to share our information, you may also be sharing your personal information through social media websites.
Sharing Information With Business Partners
We may share your PD with our business partners. The business partners include general business partners, affiliates, and joint venture partners. We share this information with them so that they can send you information about our products and services as well as their products and services. When you choose to take part in our services and/or offerings, you are authorizing us to provide your email address and other PD to our business partners. Please understand that when we share your PD with our business partners, your PD becomes subject to our business partners’ as well as our privacy notice.
Push Notifications
If you provide a mobile telephone number to us, you are giving your consent and authorize us or a third party to send you push notifications. You are not required to give us your consent for these push notifications. However, withholding your consent may interfere or prevent us from providing some or all of our services to you. You can stop receiving push notifications at any time by contacting us.
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your PD if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or governmental enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our terms and conditions; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties, including you and/or other users; or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, users, employees, and affiliates.
Disclosures to Successors
If our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing our Platform to you, we retain the right to transfer your PD to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your PD according to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy notice as instituted by the new business. We also retain the right to transfer your PD if our company files for bankruptcy and some or all of our assets are sold to another individual or business.
Community Discussion Boards, Blogs, or Other Mechanisms
Our Platform may offer the ability for users to communicate through online community discussion boards, blogs, or other mechanisms. We do not filter or monitor what is posted on such discussion mechanisms. If you choose to post on these discussion mechanisms, you should use care when exposing any PD, as such information is not protected by our privacy notice nor are we liable if you disclose your PD through such postings. Also, PD which you post on our Platform for publication may be available worldwide by means of the Internet. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
RETAINING AND DESTROYING YOUR PD
We retain information that we collect from you (including your PD) only for as long as we need it for legal, business, or tax purposes. Your information may be retained in electronic, paper, or a combination of both forms. When your information is no longer needed, we will destroy, delete, or erase it.
UPDATING YOUR PD
You can update your PD using services found on our Platform. If no such services exist, you can contact us using the contact information found at the top of this privacy notice and we will help you. However, we may keep your PD as needed to enforce our agreements and to comply with any legal obligations.
REVOKING YOUR CONSENT FOR USING YOUR PD
You have the right to revoke your consent for us to use your PD at any time. Such optout will not affect disclosures otherwise permitted by law including but not limited to: (i) disclosures to affiliates and business partners, (ii) disclosures to third-party service providers that provide certain services for our business, such as payment processors, web analytics companies, advertising networks, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, accountants, law firms, auditors, shopping cart and email service providers, and shipping companies, (iii) disclosures to third parties as necessary to fulfill your requests, (iv) disclosures to governmental agencies or law enforcement departments, or as otherwise required to be made under applicable law, (v) previously completed disclosures to third parties, or (vi) disclosures to third parties in connection with subsequent contests or promotions you may choose to enter, or third-party offers you may choose to accept. If you want to revoke your consent for us to use your PD, please contact us through the contact information at the top of this privacy notice.
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
If any postings you make on our Platform contain information about third parties, you agree to make sure that you have permission to include that information. While we are not legally liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings about which we are notified, if such postings violate the privacy rights of others.
DO NOT TRACK SETTINGS
If you change your mind regarding the processing of tracking activity and personal data, you can easily withdraw your consent at any time (by turning off IP address recording and visitor activity tracking at our Platform) in your user account or app settings. In the same way, you can re-grant your consent to us after you withdraw it.
Please note some web browsers have settings that enable you to request that we do not track your movement within our Platform. Our Platform does not obey such settings when transmitted to and detected by our Platform. You can turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser by referring to your browser’s user manual.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Platform may contain links to other websites. These websites are not under our control and are not subject to our privacy notice. These websites will likely have their own privacy notices. We have no responsibility for these websites and we provide links to these websites solely for your convenience. You acknowledge that your use of and access to these websites are solely at your risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy notices of these websites to see how they treat your PD.
PROTECTING CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Even though our Platform is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 13, we realize that a child under the age of 13 may attempt to access our Platform. We do not knowingly collect PD from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child is using our Platform, please contact us. Before we remove any information we may ask for proof of identification to prevent malicious removal of account information. If we discover that a child is accessing our Platform, we will delete his/her information within a reasonable period of time. You acknowledge that we do not verify the age of our users nor have any liability to do so.
OUR EMAIL POLICY
You can always opt out of receiving email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third party without your permission except in the sale or transfer of our business, or if our company files for bankruptcy.
OUR SECURITY POLICY
We have built our Platform using industry-standard security measures and authentication tools to protect the security of your PD. We and the third parties who provide services to us also maintain technical and physical safeguards to protect your PD. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee prevention of loss or misuse of your PD or secure data transmission over the Internet because of its nature. We strongly urge you to protect any password you may have for our Platform and not share it with anyone.
USE OF YOUR CREDIT CARD
You may have to provide a credit card to buy products and services from our Platform. We use third-party billing services and have no control over them. We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your credit card number is kept strictly confidential by using only third-party billing services that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number.
TRANSFERRING PD FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION
PD that we collect from you may be stored, processed, and transferred among any countries in which we operate. The European Union has not found the United States and some other countries to have an adequate level of protection of PD under Article 45 of the GDPR. Our company relies on derogations for specific situations as defined in Article 49 of the GDPR. If you are a European Union customer or user, with your consent your PD may be transferred to the United States or other countries outside the European Union when you request information from us. When you buy goods or services from us, we will use your PD for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Wherever we transfer, process, or store your PD, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you in accordance with our privacy notice. By using our Platform, services, or products you agree to the transfers of your PD described within this section.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to change this privacy notice at any time. If our company decides to change this privacy notice, we will post those changes on our Platform so that our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. If at any time we decide to disclose or use your PD in a method different from that specified at the time it was collected, we will provide advance notice by email sent to the email address on file in your account. Otherwise we will use and disclose our users’ and customers’ PD in agreement with the privacy notice in effect when the information was collected. In all cases your continued use of our Platform, services, and products after any change to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us through the information at the top of this privacy notice.
Copyright © This Privacy Notice is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you, is strictly prohibited.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-privacy:
Bright SDK Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Hi there! If you are here, you probably wanted to learn about Bright Data’s privacy policy concerning the SDK that you agreed to activate as part of the application you are using. FYI, full information regarding Bright SDK is on
https://bright-sdk.com
. Specifically, Frequently asked questions for users are on
https://bright-sdk.com/users
A link to this page appears on:
The consent screen asking you if you want to opt-in to Bright Data’s network
The application developer’s own terms of use and privacy policy
On our own website
This page has two parts:
An overview of the privacy policy, written in simple English
The official, legal privacy policy
The overview is provided for information purposes only, for your convenience. The overview is a summary of the main points in the policy, but is not an exhaustive legal document. We encourage you to read the entire policy to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. In case of any conflicts between these two parts, the official legal privacy policy takes precedence.
1. Bright SDK privacy in simple terms
Let’s be very clear: We don’t know any personal information about you, who you are, or what you do online.
We don’t know your name, your email, what web pages you visit, or what apps you use.
We don’t read identifiers that already exist on your device (for example: Apple’s IDFA)
We don’t leave any cookies or other identifiers on your device.
We don’t know or track what you do on a specific app, or across several apps.
Since we don’t have any data about you, we of course have nothing to share with 3rd parties.
In other words, to us all Bright SDK users are anonymous and indistinguishable. We just don’t need to know any of your personal information, and we don’t track you in any way.
There is one thing we know, and that is your IP address. We respect all applicable data privacy  regulations when it comes to it.
BTW, you know who else knows your IP address?
Any website you visit, and any app you use – they all know your IP address too.
Don’t believe it? Try googling “
what is my IP address
” for example, or check your Internet speed on
www.speedtest.net
or check your location on
iplocation.net
. Can you see your IP address come up on screen?
Even though we know your IP, we do not use it for Bright Data’s ongoing business operations. In fact, the reason we collect it is to comply with GDPR (e.g. record the fact you gave your consent) and to comply with other legal requirements.
To summarize – search engines, social networks and advertising networks all need some sort of information about you in order to decide which ads to display to you.
Bright SDK is totally different. It does not display ads, does not collect any of your personal information, and does not track you in any way.
We hope this helps clarify what we know about you. Now, feel free to read the full policy:
2. Our official privacy policy
Bright Data Ltd.(“Bright Data “, “we,” or “us”) is the owner of the website brightdata.com (“the Site”), the Bright Data software (“the Software”), the Bright SDK (“the SDK”) and the Bright Data services (as detailed below), any accompanying services, features, content, and applications offered by us (collectively referred herein as “the Services”). We are concerned about your privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy in order to help you decide whether to use the Services. This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“you” or “user”) and us. By accessing and using the Services, or providing information to us in other formats, you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and any subsequent changes made to it. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND UNINSTALL WHERE RELEVANT.
IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
The Services
Bright Data provides proxy services and data collector products and services. Bright Data gives its customers the ability to route traffic through its peers’ available resources. Bright Data treats certain devices of peers as nodes in the Bright Data network used to operate the Services. Peers agree to share their available resources and become part of the Bright Data network in return for free features, ads free app, etc.
What types of information do we collect?
We collect the following types of data from you when you use the Services:
Non-Personal Information: This information cannot be used to identify the user from which that data was collected. Such Non-Personal Information include aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, such as your approximate geo-location, hardware specifications, OS and SDK version, browser type and version, the date of the Software installation, your URL requests, and respective time stamps.
Personal Information: Personal Information is information that identifies or may identify you. The only Personal Information we may collect and retain is your IP address, which is necessary in order to provide our Service. Any Non-Personal Information that is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information, is treated by us as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Legal basis for processing
Processing of Personal Information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations towards you and providing you with our services, to protect our legitimate interests and to comply with our legal obligations.
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information for the following:
To provide our Services, including audits and calculations of fees;
To detect and prevent illegal activity, activity that violates our terms of use, or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Service;
To perform analysis and research to improve the Service;
Information we share
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, subcontractors, or such other trusted third party service providers or partners, who are located in different jurisdictions across the world, for the purpose of: (a) storing or processing such information on our behalf (e.g. on cloud computing services) or to assist us with our business operations, to authenticate your access and to provide and improve our Service; (b) performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes.
The above shall be deemed as the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months for the purpose of the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”).
We may also share your Personal Information and other information in special cases if we have good reason to believe that it is necessary to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, violation of our policies or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy or any other agreements between you and us, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, its partners, its affiliates, users, or the public.
We have not sold (as this term is defined under the CCPA) Your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Security and Confidentiality
We use industry-standard security tools and measures, as well as internal procedures and strict guidelines to prevent information misuse and data leakage. Our employees and contractors access the information on a need-to-know basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.
We use measures and procedures that substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately. We will use all measures to investigate the incident, including preventive measures, as required.
Since we operate globally, it may be required to transfer your Personal Information to other countries worldwide. In these instances, we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your Personal Information through adequate legal mechanisms, in accordance with the GDPR.
Your Choices and Retention
We value your privacy and your control of personal information. You may therefore notify us that you wish to review your Personal Information or delete it. You can notify us by sending an email to privacy@bright-sdk.com. You may choose at any time not to allow us or any third party to collect data about you. You may request to view or edit Personal Information that is stored about you.
For EU residents
: Please note that the following rights specifically apply regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored Personal Information, together with supplementary information; (2) Receive a copy of Personal Information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; (3) Request rectification of your Personal Information that is in our control; (4) Request erasure of your Personal Information; (5) Object to the processing of Personal Information by us; (6) Request to restrict processing of your Personal Information by us; (7) Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements.
As of January 1st 2020, California residents are granted with the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised their rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
If you are a resident of California, United States, you have the right to send us a written request regarding a list of Personal Information categories that we may have disclosed to third parties or to which we may have given to third parties, and the details of such third parties. To exercise such right, you may contact us at: privacy@bright-sdk.com.
We will retain your Personal Information for the duration required to provide our App, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing Personal Information, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Change of Ownership
In the event of a change of ownership or control of all or a part of Bright Data, including without limitation through acquisition, merger, or sale, we reserve the right to transfer all or part of the Personal Information we store in our systems.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion, so please check it regularly. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Updated” heading. Any change of this policy will be posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Services following any such changes will be considered as you consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you feel that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person in the course of using the Services, please contact Bright Data at: privacy@bright-sdk.com and we will promptly investigate.
Copyright (c) 2023 Bright Data.
We value your privacy
We recommend you accept all cookies for the optimal experience when using our wesbite.
Accept all
Analytics only
Cookies settings