Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
2
Loading…
{"id": "1eYDZbb_v8M4EL9VGc9vMXiatA_Yx9jsJ", "title": "Privacy Policy l Hamza Khalid.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 2
Apps Privacy Policy
This document describes information gathering and dissemination used by developer. Please
read as follows to find more about our usage of your information, type and purpose. We are very
clear and transparent. we really care about privacy of your information.
Collecting and use of information in Apps Personally identifiable information:
We don't accumulate or record your email address or information our solitary lone basic targets
are to upgrade and enhance product features, except you send us an email or intentionally
agree to submit information to connect with us. We especially recognize you as customer to our
organization we don't offer any contact/information or messages to any exhibiting associations
or to sponsors.
Non-Personally identifiable information:
Accumulation and use of data also includes our third parties. This data gathering is about you
and your device such as device location, status (kind of device, ability, model, version etc), web
signals quality related to Wifi, applications and all practically identical specific data about your
device which excludes your personal information to alter and improve users experience.
Advertising
We also recognize promotions from third parties as reference mentioned above. These
promoting ads may be appeared in our Apps. We select advertisement organizers carefully to
keep up consistence according to proper protection privacy laws. Promoters may use cookies
and other web-following data to assemble non-individual information about your device. Plus,we
may publicize our diverse Apps inside the Apps, as you can stay away from these
advertisements by using OPT-OUT as depicted beforehand. You can get some answers
concerning our the advertising party’s privacy approaches here.
Audience Network: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy/
Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy
AdColony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Analytics
We use Unity Analytics to consequently get and store certain sort of information whenever you
interact with our products this includes how frequently you play game, to what extent you play
and what achievements you've unlocked, in multiplayer options this help us to find better rival
for fair competition. These entire things improve our intuitiveness for your better comprehension
of beguilement in playing our games. You can get some answers concerning Unity Analytics
Privacy Policy here https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Page 2 of 2
Security
To safe your confidentiality and your information, we use applications industry standards to
ensure privacy yet not confined to firewalls. Encoded transmissions and information encryptions
of your data, anyway heartbreakingly no data encryptions on web can be sheltered, we can't
ensure the security of your information you transmit while we try to safe your information. You
will use these organizations all alone hazard.
Stores
If you purchase our product or do in app purchases you need to enter payment methods which
will require your very close information, regardless, all data's given are secure because every
such events are taken securely by the app stores and your charge, card information isn't seen
by us. Application store use totally secure standards to ensure you.
Opt-out
You can simply control your information and confidential, if you don’t need that marketing parties
to show you promotion's that are according to your inclination you can select No option in
application Opt-Out Screen. The Opt-Out Consent Screen come when you first time play the
game and in settings or main menu of the application.
Information related to children
Policy regarding kid’s privacy appointment is to give the legitimate guardian of a child younger
than 13 years with direction in regards to our privacy policy that concern gathering, utilizing and
uncovering individual data of children under 13.Parents and legal guardians of children under 13
have certain rights under Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA,
http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and we recognizes those rights. We don’t directly gather
personal data from children under the age 13 as that would be an infringement of COPPA.
Some data might be gathered by outsider suppliers of administrations (promoting systems, and
so forth.) or certain products.
Privacy Policy Updates
In order to make it even better and smooth we update our privacy policy time to time. We
request you to occasionally survey this page for the most recent privacy practices for your better
information.
Contact
You must have questions or ambiguities. We look forward to assist you. You can write us at
anytime on our email address feedback@bestmobilegames.co
Last updated on April 2, 2021
Privacy Policy l Hamza Khalid.pdf
Privacy Policy l Hamza Khalid.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 2