Wróć do
Strona główna
Wróć do
Regulaminy
Wróć do
Polityka prywatności
Kwestie prawne
Kwestie prawne
Dane osobowe i polityka prywatności
Polityka odpowiedzialnego ujawniania informacji
Zgłaszanie naruszeń prawa w Castorama Polska
Informacja o realizowanej strategii podatkowej
Akt o usługach cyfrowych
Jak szeregujemy produkty
Informacja o obowiązkach Castorama/sprzedawców zewnętrznych
Rekrutacja
Regulaminy
Regulamin serwisu www i aplikacji mobilnej
Regulamin sprzedaży platformy sklepowej Castorama i sprzedaży przez telefon
Inne regulaminy...
Polityka prywatności
INFORMACJA O PRZETWARZANIU DANYCH („POLITYKA PRYWATNOŚCI SERWISU WWW.CASTORAMA.PL”)
1. Kim jesteśmy
Administratorem Państwa danych osobowych przetwarzanych  w związku z korzystaniem z serwisu
www.castorama.pl
(dalej jako „Serwis”), oraz innych usług, w tym korzystaniem z naszej Aplikacji (terminy pisane wielką literą, a nie zdefiniowane w tej polityce, mają znaczenie określone w
regulaminie Serwisu
), Usługi Marketplace oraz infolinii jest Castorama Polska sp. z o.o. z siedzibą w Warszawie (02-255), przy ul. Krakowiaków 78, wpisana do rejestru przedsiębiorców Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego prowadzonego przez Sąd Rejonowy dla m. st. Warszawy w Warszawie, XIV Wydział Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego, pod numerem KRS 0000024785 (dalej jako „Castorama” lub „my”). Nasze dane kontaktowe znajdują się w Sekcji 9 poniżej.
2. Państwa prywatność
Podczas kontaktów z Państwem, zbierzemy i będziemy przetwarzać Państwa dane osobowe. Dane osobowe obejmują wszelkie informacje, dzięki którym możemy Państwa zidentyfikować jako konkretną osobę, np. imię i nazwisko, adres poczty elektronicznej lub numer telefonu.
Zależy nam na ochronie Państwa prywatności. Państwa dane osobowe zostaną przez nas wykorzystane zgodnie z wszelkimi obowiązującymi przepisami prawa i regulacjami związanymi z ochroną danych i prywatnością, w tym zgodnie z Rozporządzeniem Parlamentu Europejskiego i Rady (UE) 2016/679 z dnia 27 kwietnia 2016 r. w sprawie ochrony osób fizycznych w związku z przetwarzaniem danych osobowych i w sprawie swobodnego przepływu takich danych oraz uchylenia dyrektywy 95/46/WE (dalej jako „RODO”).
Z niniejszego dokumentu dowiedzą się Państwo:
jakie dane osobowe przetwarzamy;
jak je wykorzystamy;
jak długo będziemy je przechowywać;
kto jeszcze będzie miał do nich dostęp;
jak można się z nami skontaktować;
jakie przysługują Państwu prawa w związku z przetwarzanymi  przez nas danymi osobowymi, w tym prawo do sprostowania, usunięcia i zapoznania się z dotyczącymi Państwa danymi.
Serwis korzysta z tzw. plików cookie, które stanowią pliki informacji przechowywane lokalnie na komputerze osoby odwiedzającej Serwis i korzystającej w jego ramach z oferowanych usług. Używanie cookies umożliwia Castorama dostosowanie świadczonych usług i prezentowanych treści do indywidualnych zainteresowań, wymagań i potrzeb osoby odwiedzającej Serwis. Cookies wykorzystywane są także w celach statystycznych mających obrazować sposób korzystania z Serwisu przez odwiedzające ją osoby. Osoby odwiedzające Serwis posiadają możliwość wyłączenia (zablokowania) w swojej przeglądarce opcji przyjmowania cookies, poprzez zmianę ustawień przeglądarki, co ogranicza jednak zakres funkcjonalności Serwisu, a w rezultacie prowadzić może do niewłaściwego jej funkcjonowania. Szczegółowe informacje na temat plików cookies, celów ich wykorzystania jak również możliwości zarządzania plikami cookies znajdują się w "ustawieniach pilków cookies" w stopce strony internetowej.
3. Jakie informacje przetwarzamy?
Zbieramy Państwa dane osobowe w następujących sytuacjach:
podczas zakładania konta w Serwisie lub zawierania umowy dot. Usług Marketplace jako Sprzedawca Zewnętrzny;
poprosimy Państwa o zgodę na przesyłanie materiałów marketingowych i promocyjnych, które mogą być dla Państwa interesujące. Udzieloną przez Państwa zgodę można w dowolnej chwili wycofać w sposób opisany w regulaminie Serwisu lub odpowiedniej usług, lub poprzez wysłanie e-mail na adres
bok@castorama.pl
. Nie muszą Państwo udzielać zgody, aby móc korzystać z Serwisu i innych usług;
podczas zakupów na Platformie Sklepowej lub składania zamówień telefonicznie; kiedy składają Państwo zamówienie, potrzebne nam są Państwa dane kontaktowe, abyśmy mogli je wykonać. Mogą Państwo przeglądać Serwis, nie udostępniając nam danych identyfikacyjnych. Kiedy będą Państwo chcieli złożyć zamówienie w ramach Serwisu, poprosimy o zalogowanie się lub rejestrację, tak aby mogli Państwo otworzyć swój profil klienta, przesyłać i zapisywać obrazy oraz zapisywać historię przeglądania i preferencje, uzyskując do nich dostęp z każdego urządzenia. Mogą Państwo jednak złożyć zamówienie bez logowania lub rejestracji.
podczas przeglądania naszych stron lub stron innych firm, które wyświetlają nasze reklamy, lub korzystania z Aplikacji;
podczas odpowiedzi lub interakcji na  platformach dających możliwość wyrażenia opinii dotyczących naszych produktów, ankiet satysfakcji klienta, odpowiedzi na nasze ankiety lub udziału w konkursach.
podczas interakcji z naszymi usługami, w tym z obsługą klienta (np. wsparciem telefonicznym);
od partnerów, których Państwo upoważnili do udostępniania nam informacji na Państwa temat, np.: Castorama otrzymuje także informacje dot. płatności od operatorów płatności.
Podczas zbierania danych są Państwo informowani, czy podanie danych jest obowiązkowe czy dobrowolne.
Poniżej podajemy kategorie danych osobowych, których dotyczy to przetwarzanie:
Dane identyfikacyjne, w tym imię, nazwisko, nazwa, NIP;
Dane kontaktowe, w tym adres pocztowy, adres e-mail (prywatny/zawodowy); numer telefonu (prywatny /zawodowy);
Dane dotyczące korzystania z naszych usług, w tym zakupy dokonane u nas lub u Sprzedawców Zewnętrznych (data, produkt, kwota, numer transakcji, status realizacji transakcji, reklamacje itp.), działania w Serwisie (zakupy, odwiedzone strony, wybór produktów, kliknięcia reklam), opinie o zakupach u nas i Sprzedawców Zewnętrznych;
Dane finansowe, w tym warunki płatności i prowizji;
Numer konta bankowego w przypadku wniosku o zwrot środków za dokonany zakup;
Dane cyfrowe, w tym używane urządzenia (w tym producent, model i system operacyjny, adres IP, typ przeglądarki i identyfikator urządzenia mobilnego);
Inne, w tym, preferencje komunikacyjne, lokalizacja, przesłane przez Państwa zdjęcie, charakterystyka domu.
W przypadku gdy korzystają Państwo z Usługi Marketplace jako Sprzedawca Zewnętrzny dodatkowo przetwarzamy następujące Państwa kategorie danych:
Dodatkowe dane identyfikacyjne, w tym zawarte w dokumencie tożsamości;
Dane dotyczące oferty i sprzedanych produktów.
Proszę pamiętać, że w przypadku założenia konta w naszym Serwisie lub posiadania konta Sprzedawcy Zewnętrznego lub korzystania z naszych usług, będziemy mogli powiązać informacje zebrane na Państwa temat przed założeniem konta lub korzystania z tych usług oraz przyszłe informacje zebrane przez nas po jego założeniu lub korzystaniu z tych usług w celu ulepszenia naszej oferty i usług.
4. Jak wykorzystujemy Państwa dane osobowe?
Poniżej opisaliśmy cele, dla których wykorzystujemy Państwa dane osobowe. Na mocy obowiązujących przepisów prawa, musimy także podać „podstawę prawną przetwarzania”, tj. poinformować Państwa, na jakiej podstawie możemy korzystać z dotyczących Państwa informacji. Postawą prawną przetwarzania przez nas Państwa danych osobowych jest: (i) Państwa dobrowolna i świadoma zgoda na przetwarzanie dotyczących Państwa danych osobowych (art. 6 ust. 1 lit. a) RODO) lub (ii) konieczność przetwarzania takich danych w związku z Państwa żądaniem zawarcia umowy lub wykonywaniem zawartej z Państwem umowy (art. 6 ust. 1 lit. b) RODO) (dalej jako „wykonanie umowy”) lub (iii) konieczność wypełnienia naszego obowiązku prawnego (art. 6 ust. 1 lit. c) RODO) (dalej jako „obowiązek prawny”) lub (iv) nasze prawnie uzasadnione interesy a także prawnie uzasadnione interesy podmiotów trzecich (art. 6 ust. 1 lit. f) RODO) (dalej jako „uzasadniony interes”)(w takim przypadku wyjaśnimy jakie to interesy). Nasze cele przetwarzania powiązane z podstawami prawnymi przetwarzania danych znajdują się poniżej.
Cel przetwarzania
Podstawa prawna przetwarzania
przyjmowanie zamówień, przekazywanie Państwu informacji na temat zamówienia usługi lub produktu / realizacja zawartej umowy; udostępniania ofert Sprzedawców Zewnętrznych (w ramach Usługi Marketplace), udostępniania formularzy kontaktowych;
wykonanie umowy – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby zawrzeć umowę i wykonać zobowiązania na mocy zawartej z Państwem umowy (np. dostarczenie zamówionego produktu, obsługa reklamacji itp.).
spełnienie obowiązków prawnych;
obowiązek prawny wynikający m.in. z:
przepisów podatkowych i rachunkowych, polegający m.in. na obowiązku przechowywania dokumentacji podatkowej,
Aktu o Usługach Cyfrowych, polegający m.in. na weryfikacji tożsamości,
Rozporządzenia w sprawie ogólnego bezpieczeństwa produktów, wynikających z przepisów dotyczących bezpieczeństwa produktów, w tym
Dyrektywy Rady (UE) 2021/514 (DAC7), w szczególności polegający na raportowaniu informacji o użytkownikach platformy,
Rozporządzenia w sprawie ogólnego bezpieczeństwa produktów (GPSR) w przedmiocie kontaktu z organami nadzoru.
kontaktowanie się z Państwem w sprawie oceny produktu lub usługi lub w celu uzyskania informacji zwrotnych po wykonaniu zamówienia lub świadczeniu usługi;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby skontaktować się z Państwem w celu uzyskania informacji zwrotnych na temat zamówionego przez Państwa produktu lub usługi.
informowanie Państwa o zmianach usług i komunikacja w innych celach. Na przykład, wykorzystamy Państwa dane kontaktowe, aby odpowiedzieć na jakiekolwiek zadane przez Państwa pytania;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby przesyłać Państwu aktualne informacje na temat naszych usług i odpowiadać na Państwa pytania.
wysyłanie Państwu informacji na temat produktów i usług, w tym newslettera, prezentów, ofert specjalnych i rabatów;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby wysyłać Państwu te informacje. W niektórych przypadkach (na przykład jeżeli wymagają tego przepisy prawa), poprosimy o Państwa zgodę na przetwarzanie Państwa danych osobowych również przed wysłaniem takich informacji.
przegląd Państwa poprzednich zakupów i historii aktywności w Serwisie i Aplikacji i innych usługach w celu przesłania ofert specjalnych lub dostosowania Serwisu, Aplikacji i innych usług do Państwa potrzeb;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby przesłać Państwu oferty specjalne i dostosować sposób korzystania z usług oferowanych w sieci.
pomoc w ocenie, opracowaniu i poprawie oferowanych produktów i usług. Możemy na przykład monitorować i/lub rejestrować rozmowy telefoniczne z naszym działem obsługi klienta w celu kontroli jakości i prowadzenia szkoleń. Jeżeli podczas rejestrowanej rozmowy telefonicznej zadadzą Państwo pytanie (dotyczące na przykład naszego produktu lub usługi), które można zbadać, lub na które można odpowiedzieć, odnosząc się do tej rozmowy, możemy się do niej odnieść. Może to oznaczać, że nagranie Państwa rozmowy będzie przechowywane aż do momentu udzielenia odpowiedzi na zapytanie;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby świadczyć usługi jak najlepszej jakości dla Państwa i innych klientów.
u
możliwianie, wzbogacanie i personalizacja doświadczeń korzystania z naszych usług cyfrowych udostępnianych poprzez Serwis i Aplikację;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby dostosować doświadczenie korzystania z naszych usług cyfrowych do Państwa potrzeb.
zapobieganie i zwalczanie nadużyć finansowych, w tym zarządzanie konsekwencjami nadużyć,  przeprowadzanie kontroli bezpieczeństwa w celu ochrony przed nieuczciwymi transakcjami oraz zapobieganiu i wykrywaniu przestępstw;
uzasadniony interes – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych w celu ochrony przed nielegalnymi działaniami. W pewnych przypadkach możemy również być zobowiązani do ujawnienia Państwa danych osobowych (na przykład organom ścigania) na mocy obowiązujących przepisów prawa.
bezpieczeństwo narzędzi umożliwiających nasze interakcje, w tym domeny, sieci i uwierzytelniania;
uzasadniony interes - w zapewnieniu bezpieczeństwa wymiany i przetwarzania danych.
reakcja na wszelkie roszczenia wobec nas.
uzasadniony interesy – korzystamy z Państwa danych osobowych, aby zareagować na wszelkie roszczenia wysuwane przez Państwa w stosunku do nas. W pewnych przypadkach możemy również być zobowiązani do ujawnienia danych osobowych na mocy obowiązujących przepisów prawa (na przykład w związku z postępowaniem przed sądem).
Nasz Serwis, Aplikacja i inne usługi nie są przeznaczone dla dzieci, w związku z czym nie gromadzimy danych dotyczących dzieci, o ile wiemy, że mamy do czynienia z takimi danymi.
5. Postanowienia dotyczące Usługi Marketplace
Korzystanie z prowadzonej przez nas Platformy Sklepowej oznacza, że Castorama, jako niezależny administrator danych, przetwarza Państwa dane osobowe w sposób opisany powyżej.
W kontekście Usługi Marketplace Castorama i Sprzedawca Zewnętrzny działają jako niezależni administratorzy danych.
Złożenie zamówienia w ramach Usługi Marketplace u Sprzedawcy Zewnętrznego powoduje, że dane osobowe Użytkownika, niezbędne do realizacji zamówienia, będą udostępnione Sprzedawcy Zewnętrznemu, w celu wykonania umowy. Castorama przekazuje Użytkownikowi informacje związane z potwierdzaniem i realizacją zamówień u Sprzedawcy Zewnętrznego oraz obsługą posprzedażową, a także zapewnia dedykowany system przesyłania wiadomości pomiędzy Użytkownikiem a Państwem a Sprzedawcą Zewnętrznym.
Sprzedawca Zewnętrznych jako niezależny administrator przetwarza Państwa dane na zasadach określonych w swojej klauzuli informacyjnej, którą może on udostępnić w Sekcji Sprzedawcy na Platformie Sklepowej. Dane osobowe będą przetwarzane przez Sprzedawców Zewnętrznych zasadniczo w celu realizacji zamówień (w tym dostawy i obsługi posprzedażowej), zarządzania relacjami handlowymi z Państwem i nami, wykonania obowiązków prawnych (w tym księgowych i podatkowych) oraz zarządzania sytuacjami spornymi.
6. Jak długo przechowujemy Państwa dane osobowe?
Na mocy obowiązujących przepisów prawa możemy przechowywać Państwa dane osobowe nie dłużej, niż jest to konieczne do zrealizowania celów, dla których je wykorzystujemy. Okres, przez który przechowujemy Państwa dane osobowe zostanie ustalony w oparciu o szereg kryteriów obejmujących cele, w jakich wykorzystujemy dane, ilość i wrażliwość danych, potencjalne ryzyko związane z nieupoważnionym wykorzystaniem lub ujawnieniem danych oraz nasze zobowiązania wynikające z przepisów prawnych i nadzorczych. O ile nic innego nie wynika z regulaminów  poszczególnych usług świadczonych przez Castorama, Państwa dane osobowe będą przechowywane przez czas trwania umowy, w szczególności umowy o świadczenie usług drogą elektroniczną, a także po jej zakończeniu, w celu realizacji przez nas praw i obowiązków wynikających z obowiązujących przepisów prawa, w tym obowiązków podatkowych, lub do czasu przedawnienia roszczeń.
7. Z kim dzielimy się Państwa danymi osobowymi?
Jesteśmy członkiem grupy spółek
Kingfisher
(więcej informacji na temat Grupy Kingfisher znajduje się na stronie: www.kingfisher.com).
Możemy przesłać Państwa dane osobowe (powierzać ich przetwarzanie) innym członkom Grupy Kingfisher w związku z celami wymienionymi wyżej i poniżej. Członkowie Grupy Kingfisher mogą również wykorzystywać przesłane przez nas dane osobowe, aby usprawnić swoje strony internetowe i inne usługi cyfrowe, analizować dane i oferować Państwu produkty i usługi, które ich zdaniem mogą Państwa zainteresować.
Strony trzecie mogą umieszczać i odczytywać w Państwa przeglądarce pliki cookies oraz korzystać z obrazów web beacon lub podobnych technologii w celu gromadzenia informacji w związku z programem Opinii konsumenckich Google. Ograniczyć lub zablokować możliwość stosowania plików cookies, można korzystając z funkcjonalności Serwisu lub ustawień Państwa przeglądarki. Należy jednak pamiętać, że ograniczenie lub zablokowanie możliwości stosowania plików cookies w Serwisie może wpływać na funkcjonalność lub działanie Serwisu i uniemożliwiać Państwu korzystanie z określonych usług. W przypadku wzięcia przez Państwa udziału w programie Opinie konsumenckie Google, Google LLC., może otrzymywać informacje o Państwa transakcjach przeprowadzanych w Serwisie
.
Możemy także ujawniać Państwa dane osobowe (powierzyć ich przetwarzanie) stronom trzecim, w tym w następujących okolicznościach:
Korzystamy z pracy stron trzecich (działających w charakterze podwykonawców), które wykonują w naszym imieniu i na naszą rzecz pewnie działania obejmujące przetwarzanie danych osobowych. Możemy na przykład zatrudnić usługodawców będących stronami trzecimi do wykonania zamówień, dostarczenia paczek, wysyłania poczty tradycyjnej, wysłania wiadomości SMS i poczty elektronicznej, świadczenia usług w obszarze księgowości i podatków, utrzymania i uaktualniania naszych baz danych zawierających informacje o klientach (co obejmuje usuwanie powtarzających się lub niewłaściwych danych), analizowania danych, aby ułatwić nam opracowywanie, świadczenie i poprawę naszych usług, świadczenia usług wsparcia marketingowego, przetwarzania płatności kartą, prowadzenia badań, świadczenia usług na rzecz obsługi klienta i obsługi roszczeń. Wspomniane strony trzecie mają dostęp do danych osobowych potrzebnych do wykonania ich zadań, ale nie wolno im używać takich danych do innych celów. Możemy wykorzystywać informacje, które otrzymujemy od stron trzecich, aby uzupełnić, poprawić i wzbogacić nasze bazy danych zawierające informacje o klientach w takich celach jak sprawdzanie wiarygodności kredytowej i zapobieganie oszustwom.
Możemy udostępniać dane niezależnym administratorom m.in. w następujących sytuacjach:
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane osobowe podmiotom zewnętrznym, w tym policji oraz innym organom ścigania, upoważnionym do ich otrzymania na podstawie obowiązujących przepisów prawa;
Możemy przekazać dane osobowe naszym ubezpieczycielom w przypadku zgłoszenia lub potencjalnego zgłoszenia roszczenia wobec nas;
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane operatorom płatności. W kontekście Usługi Marketplace zasady przetwarzania danych osobowych przez dostawcę usług płatniczych Hyperwallet są dostępne na stronie:
https://www.hyperwallet.com/privacy-policy/
;
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane podmiotom świadczącym usługi finansowania w przypadku zakupów na raty;
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane podmiotom świadczącym usługi prawne w przypadku konieczności przygotowania odpowiedzi w związku ze skargą lub wystąpienia naruszeń i konieczności dokonania ich oceny;
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane Sprzedawcy Zewnętrznemu;
Możemy udostępniać Państwa dane producentom (gwarantom) w przypadku reklamacji z gwarancji;
Jeżeli będziemy sprzedawać lub nabywać jakąkolwiek firmę lub aktywa, możemy ujawnić przechowywane przez nas dane osobowe potencjalnemu sprzedawcy lub kupującemu zainteresowanemu taką firmą lub aktywami. Jeżeli nasza spółka lub zasadniczo wszystkie jej aktywa zostaną przejęte przez stronę trzecią (lub zostaną objęte reorganizacją wewnątrz naszej grupy korporacyjnej), przechowywane przez nas dane osobowe wejdą w skład przekazywanych aktywów;
Możemy przekazać Państwa dane osobowe stronom trzecim jeżeli będziemy zobowiązani do ujawnienia takich danych lub podzielenia się nimi, aby spełnić jakiekolwiek wymogi prawne (również w związku z nakazem sądowym) lub w celu wyegzekwowania lub wprowadzenia w życie jakichkolwiek porozumień zawartych z Państwem lub Państwa dotyczących (w tym porozumień pomiędzy Państwem a nami (lub jedną lub większą liczbą naszych spółek zależnych)); lub w celu ochrony naszych praw, własności lub bezpieczeństwa lub prawa własności lub bezpieczeństwa naszych klientów, pracowników lub innych stron trzecich;
Możemy dzielić się danymi anonimowymi lub zbiorczymi (takimi jak zbiorcze dane statystyczne lub inne dane anominizowane) ze stronami trzecimi.
Linki do stron zewnętrznych
Możemy udostępnić linki do stron innych spółek wchodzących w skład Grupy Kingfisher poprzez nasz Serwis lub Aplikację. Korzystanie przez Państwa z tych stron podlega warunkom i polityce korzystania dostępnym na tych stronach.
Możemy również zawierać porozumienia ze stronami trzecimi, które umożliwią Państwu dostęp do stron internetowych lub aplikacji (takich jak odtwarzacze plików wideo) takich stron trzecich bezpośrednio poprzez nasze własne strony lub aplikacje. Każda strona trzecia stosuje swoją własną politykę przetwarzania danych osobowych i korzystania z plików cookie podczas używania jej stron lub aplikacji, w związku z czym zachęcamy do zapoznania się z polityką prywatności i polityką plików cookie takiej strony trzeciej.
Proszę zwrócić uwagę, że serwisy internetowe i aplikacje stron trzecich są poza naszą kontrolą. Klikając linki prowadzące do takich stron lub uzyskując dostęp do takich aplikacji, opuszczają. Państwo kontrolowaną przez nas strefę. Nie ponosimy odpowiedzialności moralnej ani prawnej za wszelkie kwestie wynikające z wykorzystywania Państwa danych przez strony trzecie (w tym danych osobowych).
Gdzie będą przetwarzane Państwa dane osobowe?
W ramach współpracy z grupą kapitałową Kingfisher dane osobowe mogą być przekazane do centrali Castorama w Wielkiej Brytanii. Transfer danych osobowych opiera się na decyzji Komisji Europejskiej stwierdzające odpowiedni poziom ochrony danych osobowych w Wielkiej Brytanii. Bezpieczeństwo przekazywania danych osobowych do innych państw poza EOG (Europejski Obszar Gospodarczy), niż Wielka Brytania, gwarantuje stosowanie zewnętrznych umów dotyczących przetwarzania danych w oparciu o standardowe klauzule umowne zatwierdzone przez UE.
W przypadku skorzystania z programu Opinie konsumenckie Google Państwa dane mogą zostać udostępnione Google LLC z siedzibą w USA. Transfer danych osobowych opiera się na decyzji Komisji Europejskiej stwierdzającej odpowiedni poziom ochrony danych osobowych przez podmioty znajdujące się w USA uczestniczące w programie Data Privacy Framework
.
8. Państwa prawa
Mają Państwo prawo poprosić, abyśmy:
Potwierdzili jakie dane osobowe dotyczące Państwa przechowujemy i udostępnili Państwu kopię tych danych;
Sprostowali wszelkie nieprawidłowe dane osobowe;
Usunęli Państwa dane osobowe, jeżeli nie ma uzasadnionego powodu dalszego ich przechowywania;
Tymczasowo wstrzymali wykorzystywanie dotyczących Państwa danych osobowych, jeżeli kwestionują Państwo nasze prawo do ich wykorzystywania;
Przestali używać Państwa danych osobowych, chyba, że podamy uzasadniony powód, dla którego musimy nadal przechowywać te dane, np. w celu utrzymania gwarancji produktu (tzw. prawo sprzeciwu wobec przetwarzania danych na podstawie uzasadnionego interesu);
Przestali używać Państwa danych osobowych w celu wysyłania Państwu materiałów marketingowych (tzw. prawo sprzeciwu);
Przestali przetwarzać Państwa dane przetwarzane na podstawie Państwa zgody (tzw. prawo wycofania zgody), co jednak nie wpływa na zgodność z prawem przetwarzania dokonanego przed wycofaniem tej zgody;
Udostępnili Państwu przekazane nam przez Państwa dane osobowe w ustrukturyzowanym i powszechnie używanym formacie elektronicznym lub przesłali takie informacje bezpośrednio innej firmie jeżeli jest to techniczne możliwe. Powyższy zapis stosuje się, kiedy używamy Państwa danych osobowych na podstawie Państwa zgody lub dlatego, że jest to konieczne w celu wykonania zawartej z Państwem umowy (patrz punkt Jak wykorzystujemy Państwa dane osobowe? powyżej).
Chcemy upewnić się, że Państwa dane osobowe, które przechowujemy oraz Państwa preferencje dotyczące sposobu kontaktu są precyzyjne i aktualne. Jeżeli jakiekolwiek informacje są niepoprawne, prosimy o kontakt (szczegóły poniżej), abyśmy mogli je poprawić.
Przysługuje Państwu również prawo do złożenia skargi w organie nadzorczym, jeżeli nie są Państwo zadowoleni ze sposobu, w jaki postępujemy z Państwa danymi osobowymi. Mogą się Państwo skontaktować z organem nadzorczym pod następującym adresem:
Urząd Ochrony Danych Osobowych
ul. Stawki 2
00-193 Warszawa
tel. 22 531 03 00
fax. 22 531 03 01
kancelaria@uodo.gov.pl
9. Jak można się z nami skontaktować?
Aby skorzystać z Państwa praw, np. uaktualnić Państwa dane lub poprosić o kopię Państwa danych osobowych, bądź w przypadku jakichkolwiek pytań dotyczących ochrony danych osobowych prosimy o kontakt:
Castorama Polska Sp. z o. o., ul. Krakowiaków 78, 02-255 Warszawa, lub
Z naszym Inspektorem Ochrony Danych Osobowych - Agatą Szlązak -  można skontaktować się  na adres naszej siedziby wskazany powyżej lub za pomocą poczty elektronicznej:
IOD@castorama.pl
lub formularza dostępnego pod adresem:
https://gdpr.kfplc.com/#/SAR?Session=cr_2
10. Ochrona Państwa danych osobowych
Castorama traktuje ochronę prywatności, w tym ochronę Państwa danych osobowych priorytetowo i dokłada wszelkich starań, aby prywatność ta była chroniona. Castorama stosuje wszelkie środki ostrożności, aby przekazywane przez użytkowników Serwisu dane osobowe były chronione przed utratą, zniszczeniem, ujawnieniem, dostępem osób niepowołanych lub niewłaściwym wykorzystaniem danych. Odpowiednimi działaniami użytkownicy mogą przyczynić się do zwiększenia bezpieczeństwa swoich danych osobowych w Internecie (m.in. poprzez częstą zmianę hasła dostępowego, stosowanie w nich kombinacji liter i cyfr). Dane osobowe podawane podczas rejestracji w Serwisie oraz dane służące do logowania są zabezpieczone podczas przesyłania drogą elektroniczną za pomocą kryptograficznych środków ochrony danych osobowych (protokół https).
Przesyłanie informacji przez Internet nie jest do końca bezpieczne; związane z tym ryzyko wstępuje powszechnie w całej sieci i nie dotyczy konkretnie naszych usług. Nie możemy zagwarantować bezpieczeństwa Państwa danych (w tym danych osobowych) przesyłanych do naszych serwisów; wszelkich czynności przesyłania dokonują Państwo na własne ryzyko.
Powinni Państwo zabezpieczyć się przed nieuprawnionym dostępem do Państwa hasła i urządzenia komputerowego. Prosimy pamiętać o wylogowaniu się i zamknięciu przeglądarki po zakończeniu sesji. Pomoże to Państwu zabezpieczyć się przed dostępem innych osób do Państwa danych osobowych w przypadku dzielenia się swoim urządzeniem komputerowym lub używania urządzenia komputerowego w miejscu publicznym takim jak biblioteka lub kawiarenka internetowa.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hyperwallet.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
Hyperwallet Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 11 December 2024
1. Overview
This Privacy Policy applies to Hyperwallet, which is operated by members of the PayPal group of companies around the world, and aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Information when you visit our Sites, apply for, or use our products and services (collectively, the “Services”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy and to use it to help you make informed decisions. For the purpose of the data protection regulations applicable in the EEA, the data controller is PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, is a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as amended, and under the prudential supervision of the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
For the purpose of the data protection regulations applicable in the UK, the data controller is PayPal UK Ltd. PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd’s company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Some of the third parties that we disclose Personal Information with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we disclose will be processed. Examples are regulatory authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. Please refer to the “Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?” section for more information about the categories of data controllers we disclose your Personal Information to. When your data is disclosed with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them. Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 11 (
“Definitions”
). We revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the “Privacy Policy” page of our Sites, otherwise the revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the published effective date.
2. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a Hyperwallet account or profile. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We may connect this information with your account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create an account later.
3. Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected from you, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers:
Such as name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account
Records and Financial Information:
Such as bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, or other financial information
Commercial Information:
Such as the payout amount, payor information, and the record of the Services
Internet or network activity:
interactions with our Services, information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“Technical Usage Data”)
Biometric:
When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information:
Call recordings when you talk to customer service
Professional or employment information:
Including business information, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers
Account Profile Information:
including username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive Personal Information
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification, and information about others if you choose to disclose it to us
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences based on your transactions and interactions with our Sites and Services
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, or military status
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and photo IDs
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, or data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Hyperwallet or PayPal Companies
Third parties: including Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions
Connected Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to Hyperwallet, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you disconnect the account
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites
4. How is Personal Information used
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to comply with law, to perform a contract with you (including to provide our Services), and for our legitimate interests (for example, security and fraud prevention).
We may also use Personal Information with your consent to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as targeted advertising to our Partners and Merchants, or connecting to a third-party platform. You can withdraw your consent at any time free of charge. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services: such as to help you send or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your payment, show you your account information, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account and to confirm your Account and financial information is accurate and up to date.
Manage and improve our Services: for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes
Manage fraud and risk: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Market our Services: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws: to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Create an account connection between your Account and a third-party account or platform: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options: If you agree to let us track your location, we can enhance your security of our Services and customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-specific options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Remember your preferences: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services.
Personalize your experience: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our Cookie Statement in the
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
section for more details.
5. Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioural advertising, including any Sensitive Personal Information.
However, we will disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information to:
Hyperwallet
and
PayPal Companies
, including our brands such as Venmo to provide you with the Services and to manage our business.
Authorities, when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires Hyperwallet or PayPal Companies to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions, to jointly offer a product.
Card networks and payment processors, to facilitate payment processing.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies, for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Connected accounts, for example any social media accounts you asked us to connect or when you initiate an Account connection with another bank or financial institutions, card account, or aggregator in connection with your participation in Open Banking, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction, for example when you use the Services we may disclose information about you and your Account with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. Please note that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants own privacy policy and procedures.
Other third parties, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy policy applies to the Personal Information that you disclose directly to them. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you disclose to them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer, for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, we may disclose your Personal Information to a buyer of those business or assets. If Hyperwallet or a significant portion of Hyperwallet’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
6. How long does Hyperwallet store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and Hyperwallet is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Our Cookies and similar technologies have different functions. We may use cookies or other technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Sites, Services, applications, and tools. Cookies and similar technologies can also be used for our advertising purposes, if you consent. This includes technologies that allow You access to our Sites, Services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behaviour, prevent fraudulent activity, facilitate transactions and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions.
Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies through your device or browser settings, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
Where appropriate, security measures are set in place to prevent unauthorized access to our Cookies and similar technologies. A unique identifier ensures that only we and/or our authorized service providers have access to Cookie data.
Service providers are companies that help us with various aspects of our business, such as Sites operations, Services, applications, advertisements and tools. We may use some authorized service providers to help us to serve you relevant ads on our Services and other places on the internet. These service providers may also place Cookies on Your device via our Services (third-party Cookies). They may also collect information that helps them identify Your device, such as IP-address or other unique device identifiers.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
8. Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or disclose your information.
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and disclosed. We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information). We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we have handled your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information, contact us at the number and email provided in the Our
Contact Information
section. Some of the Personal Information in your profile may only be updated in your Partners and Merchant’s system.
Even if you do not have an account (for example, where you use our Services without a Hyperwallet account), you can submit a request for access, correction, restriction or deletion of your information for your Payment without a Hyperwallet account by contacting us at the number and email provided in the
Our Contact Information
section. If you or an authorized agent submit a request, we’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfil your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your right to request a copy of the Personal Information.
If you want to make a request to know about the data we’ve collected about you, you have choices:
Log in to your account and submit a request
Call or contact us and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your account and correct information you previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us and request that we correct specific information
Your right to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your account and delete information you previously added.
Call us or contact us and request that we delete specific information
Close your account
If you close your account or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does Hyperwallet store your Personal Information
so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users’ privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. Hyperwallet does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function at all.
Choose how connected accounts collect and use Personal Information.
If you connect your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and disclosed by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you connect to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you.
Choose how we communicate with you.
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a Hyperwallet marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account’s status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
Choices relating to Cookies
You may have options available to manage your cookies preferences. For example, Your browser or internet device may allow you to delete, disable, or block certain cookies and other tracking technologies. You can learn more by visiting AboutCookies.org. You may choose to enable these options but doing so may prevent You from using many of the core features and functions available on a Service or Site. Manage your cookie settings here.
9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
At Hyperwallet, every employee is responsible for respecting and protecting the personal information to which the employee has access. Our privacy office oversees our privacy practices and our efforts to follow all privacy laws that apply, and to manage and reduce privacy risk. To ensure the protection of your personal information, we maintain policies and practices that govern our privacy and personal information handling practices, including defining roles and responsibilities for handling your information from the moment we gather it until it is destroyed, regular employee privacy and security training, responding to privacy complaints or inquiries, and investigation potential incidents.
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we disclose to a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized.
10. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please contact us at the number and email provide in the
Our Contact Information
section if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age for cross context behavioural advertising.
11. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; and information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Hyperwallet means the Hyperwallet group of companies, including PayPal, Inc., PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., PayPal UK Ltd, Hyperwallet Systems Inc. and Hyperwallet Australia Pty Ltd.
Partners and Merchants means our payor business customers that our Payees transact with for the purpose of obtaining payments or services.
Pay without a Hyperwallet account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without a Hyperwallet account or profile.
Payee means our Partners’ and Merchants’ designated payees.
PayPal Companies means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of Hyperwallet, and who process Personal Information in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Hyperwallet, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Happy Returns, LLC, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, Bill Me Later, Inc., and Venmo.
Personal Information in this Privacy Policy means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behaviour.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means the online payment platform (“Pay Portal”), payment services and related functionality and technology and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by Hyperwallet. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which Hyperwallet offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Policy.
12. Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
Call Hyperwallet Customer Service at
1-877-546-8220
or email our data protection officer at
privacyofficer@hyperwallet.com
For Payees, make a request while logged into the Pay Portal (Go to “Support,” select “Email” and complete the form for “Privacy Concerns”)
13. Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with our processing of your personal data you may lodge a complaint your local data protection authority.
If you are in the EEA, you can find your local data protection authority at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
In the UK, your local data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website:
https://ico.org.uk/
, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
In Brazil, your local data protection authority is the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados: website:
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
, address: Scn Q 6 Bl C – Brasília, Df, 70297-400
14. Specific provisions relating to EEA Personal Information
Banking Regulations Notice for Partners and Merchants and Payees in the EEA
This section applies to Partners and Merchants and Payees who have relationships with PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. In general, the Luxembourg laws to which Hyperwallet’s handling of personal information is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, Hyperwallet has listed in this Privacy Policy the third-party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your Personal Information, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By acknowledging this Privacy Policy and maintaining an account with Hyperwallet, you expressly consent to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
Hyperwallet may update the list of third parties referred to above every quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and October 1st).
Hyperwallet will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Policy. You should review the list each quarter on the Hyperwallet Sites on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our Services.
In order to provide the Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Policy) may be required to be transferred to other Hyperwallet related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the Services.
Specifically, you consent to and direct Hyperwallet to do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self- regulatory authorities or organizations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our user agreements (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about Hyperwallet’s obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organizations may also disclose, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us by using the information in the
Our Contact Information section
if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against Hyperwallet for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
If you as a Partner or Merchant use a third party to access or integrate Hyperwallet, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your Hyperwallet integration, whether you have an active Hyperwallet account and whether you may already be working with a different Hyperwallet integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each ” Category”, non- exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was disclosed).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
Disclose necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes.
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk. For example, if you use the Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates (“eBay”), we may disclose Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your accounts, or evaluate credit risk.
As part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we also may disclose necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where Hyperwallet has placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims, chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods. Also, as part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may disclose Account Information with eBay to enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
15. International Transfers
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud- based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.
The third parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with data protection laws, to protect your Personal Information, including implementing adequate measures. In particular, for transfers of your EEA Personal Information within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available here). For transfers of Personal Data from the UK, these are based on contractual protections, including the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission. Please contact us for more information about this.
16. California Privacy Notice of Collection
Under the laws of California and certain other US states (i.e., Virginia), we are required to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such personal information for a business purpose, (b) “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioural advertising,” and/or (c) “sell” such personal information.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites, and “selling” is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. We do not sell or share your Personal Information, including any Sensitive Personal Information. We also do not sell or share and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect,” “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3rd Parties to which Hyperwallet discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you, to remember your preferences, associate information about you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, Other users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, keep your Account and financial information up to date, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, personalize your experience, provide personalized Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Authorities, other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, other Users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties for business purposes, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, remember your preferences, associate information about you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services, provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve Services, market our Services, send you locally relevant options, comply with law
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Partners and Merchants, Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate your access to account, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, to manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions
Information in your Account Profile
Provide Services
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions,
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, To manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk, Market our Services, to display content based on your interest, better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues, verify your identity; and conduct risk assessment.
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services, manage fraud and risk
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services, Manage risk
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services, Manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, communicate with you, Create an account connection, market our Services, personalize your experience, comply with Laws
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Contact us with questions about our privacy policy.
Get in Touch
Get Started
Make Payments
Features
Payout Experience
Company
Developers
Our FX Rates
Careers
Blog
Support
Hyperwallet Support Center
Corporate Sales
Canada/US: 1-855-787-1009
Mon-Thu, 9am-8pm / Fri 9am-6pm EST.
Australia: 1-800-729-725
GitHub
Make Payments
Features
Payout Experience
Company
Developers
Documentation
Blog
Sales
Support