Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy of GIANTS Software GmbH (“GIANTS”, “we”). We offer information and the opportunity to download electronic games (hereinafter jointly referred to as “Services”) in the Shop section (“Shop”) of our websites (“Website”). This Privacy Policy will inform you about the type of personal data we collect in the context of your use of the Services and about the purpose for which it will be used. It will also inform you about your rights. We take our responsibility for the protection and processing of personal data very seriously. We use a variety of technical means and contractual arrangements to protect your data against unauthorised access and loss. We have implemented the necessary technical and organizational measures. Please note that where links lead to the websites of third parties, those companies provide their own privacy notices which apply to the use of their websites. We only offer our services to individuals who are at least 16 years old. Therefore we do not knowingly collect data from, or process data of, individuals under the age of 16.
I. Name and address of the Controller
The Controller, as this term is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation, other national data protection laws of the Member States, and other data protection regulations, is:
GIANTS Software GmbH
Wiesenstrasse 19
8952 Zürich-Schlieren
Switzerland
II. Name and address of the representative in the European Union
GIANTS Software Entertainment GmbH, Nägelsbachstraße 33, 91052 Erlangen, Germany.
III. Internal data protection officer
Jan-Hendrik Pfitzner, GIANTS Software GmbH, Wiesenstrasse 19, 8952 Zürich-Schlieren, Switzerland.
IV. General information on data processing
1. Scope of personal data processing
As a matter of principle, we only collect the personal data you provide when you use the Services and, as applicable, when you use fee-based services. Personal data is data that contains information on personal or factual circumstances. When you place an order through our website, you are required to provide your name, address, e-mail address and payment information.
Sometimes we also need to ask you for personal data like your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number in order to process your inquiries or to provide support to you.
In addition, we collect data in the context of a voluntary participation in inquiries and surveys. We only disclose personal data to cooperating companies or external service providers where this is required or permitted by law, in particular for the performance of contracts, for processing payments, for protecting other users, or for the prevention of threats to national or public security, or for the prosecution of criminal offences.
Your legitimate interests will be considered in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations.
We treat all of this information confidentially and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations. As a matter of principle, we do not disclose such information to third parties without your consent unless this is required for the performance and execution of the contract, for processing your inquiry, or for providing support services to you, or unless it is permitted pursuant to the statutory data protection regulations.
2. Legal basis for processing personal data
Where we obtain data subjects’ consent for processing operations involving personal data, the processing of personal data is based on Art. 6 (1)(a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The legal basis for processing personal data which is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary for taking steps prior to entering into a contract.
Where the processing of personal data is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which our company is subject, processing is based on Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR.
In the event that personal data needs to be processed in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person, processing is based on Art. 6 (1)(d) GDPR.
If the processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the interests or the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override that legitimate interest, processing is based on Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
3. Purpose of personal data processing
We collect and process data in order to enable your use of the services. For instance, this includes processing personal data for the purpose of data security, the stability and operational safety of our system, and for billing purposes. Also we process data in order to assist you with support inquiries. Data is also processed to detect and prevent a misuse of the Services, e.g. a use for fraudulent purposes. Furthermore data is processed to acquire new customers and to present advertising that we believe matches your interests.
4. Erasure of data and storage period
The personal data of data subjects is erased or blocked when the purpose of storing it no longer exists. Data can also be stored beyond such time if the European or national legislator provided for this in Union law regulations, laws or other legal regulations to which the Controller is subject. Data is also blocked or erased when a storage period required by the aforementioned regulations expires unless data needs to be stored beyond such time in order to execute or perform a contract.
5. Data security
We have taken the steps that can reasonably be expected of us to prevent unauthorised access to your personal data and the unauthorised use or alteration of this data and minimise the related risks. Nevertheless, the provision of personal data, whether in person, by phone or over the internet, always involves risks, and the possibility of a manipulation or sabotage of technical systems cannot be excluded.
We process the information collected from you in accordance with national and European data protection law. All employees are subject to the obligation to preserve data confidentiality and comply with data protection regulations, and have been trained in this respect. Your data is transmitted in encrypted form using the SSL method.
V. Provision of the services and creation of log files while using the Website
1. Description and scope of data processing
Every time our Services are requested via our Website, our system automatically collects data and information from the system of the requesting computer. In this context we collect the following data:
Internet protocol and version, request type, status code
URL / page / file requested
IP address
URL of the referring website from which the file was requested
Date and time of access
Browser type and operating system, as well as hardware information
Data amount transferred
Access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.)
Duration and frequency of use
Evaluations of mods
The data is also stored in the log files of our system.
2. Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log files is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
3. Purpose of data processing
The system needs to temporarily store the IP address in order to enable the provision of the Services to the user's computer. For this purpose, the system must store the user's IP address for the duration of the session. Data is stored in log files to ensure the operability of the Services. In addition, the log files are used to optimise the Services and to ensure the security of our IT systems. Data is stored beyond the session for the purpose of fraud prevention (e.g. payment fraud, a violation of the rules of the game where one person uses multiple accounts) and for the purpose of IT security (e.g. protection against DDoS attacks). Data sets are only analysed for statistical purposes.
We delete log files after a period of fourteen days. We reserve the right to continue to store IP addresses and log files for a certain period of time even after users have used the services. This is done, in particular, to be able to prevent or investigate any cases of misuse and, in this context, to disclose such data to investigating authorities in individual cases, or to be able to fix bugs. All other data analyses use data in anonymised form where this is possible. After the expiry of this period, the IP address and the log files are deleted completely unless this information must be retained to comply with compulsory legal obligations or unless specific investigations by law enforcement authorities or misuse investigations are pending. These purposes also reflect our legitimate and overriding interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
4. Storage period
Data is erased when it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose of its collection.
5. Objection and removal options
The collection of the data for the provision of the Services and the storage of the data in log files are absolutely necessary to ensure that Services can be operated with as few interruptions as possible. Consequently, users do not have a right to object.
VI. Support system
1. Description and scope of data processing
In the context of our Services we provide a support ticket system which can be used to contact us electronically by sending an e-mail to support@giants-software.de. Where users use this option, the data entered is transmitted to and stored by us. This data consists of:
E-mail header (e.g. server from which data is sent, e-mail client (as applicable), etc.)
E-mail address
Content of the message
We also record the time when the message was sent.
Chat record (if the chat feature is used)
The data collected in this context is not disclosed to third parties. The data is exclusively used to process the inquiry.
2. Legal basis of data processing
The processing of data that is transmitted in the context of sending an e-mail is based on Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. If the purpose of the contact by e-mail is to execute a contract, data processing is also based on Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR.
3. Purpose of data processing
We only process the personal data to process the e-mail. Where users contact us by e-mail, this also reflects our necessary legitimate interest in processing the data. All other personal data processed while the e-mail is being submitted is used to prevent a misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our IT systems.
4. Storage period
Data is erased when it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose of its collection, but at the latest one month after the inquiry has been taken care of.
5. Objection and removal options
When users contact us, they can object to their personal data being stored at any time. In this case, the correspondence cannot be continued. All personal data that was stored in the context of the user's contacting us will be deleted in this case.
VII. Cookies, Web Beacons, etc. while using the Website
1. Description and scope of data processing
We use “cookies”, i.e. text files or pixels that are stored on the user's display device. Cookies are technologies that are used to collect certain user-specific settings and technical information which allow identification of the user. We use cookies to make our Services more user-friendly. Some elements of our Services require the ability to identify the user. We also use cookies that allow us to analyse user behaviour. Cookies are stored on the user's display device.
There are permanent cookies, which remain on your display device for an extended period of time, and session cookies, which are stored on your display device temporarily and are deleted after the services have been closed.
We use essential cookies, function cookies and performance cookies.
Essential cookies. These cookies are necessary for using the services. Without these essential cookies, we may not be able to make certain services or features available to you, or the presentation of the Services may not be free of errors.
Function cookies. Function cookies allow us to recognise your default settings and to provide enhanced features which better match your needs. For example, they enable us to personalise the Services and to recognise whether we have asked you about certain things or whether you have requested certain services. All of these features help us improve the Services for you.
The following is a list of the cookies placed by us:
PHPSESSID / session cookie, usage cookie
The following is a list of the cookies placed by third parties:
Olark Live Chat / Support Service (Cookies; _ok, _okbk, _okdetect, _oklv, hblid, olfsk, wcsid and _hstc, _ga, _vwo_uuid_v2, ajs_anonymous_id, ajs_group_id, ajs_user_id, amplitude_id_*olark.com, hubspotuk, mdn_anonymous_id); further information on them can be found here:
https://www.olark.com/help/cookies
.
Upon users’ first use of the Services, they are informed about the use of cookies. If users do not want cookies to be stored on their display device, or if they want to delete a cookie that was stored or want to be notified when cookies are stored, they can change the settings of their browser or mobile end device accordingly. Information on how to perform each of these actions can be found in the browser's Help section. We would like to expressly point out that it may not be possible to fully use all of the features of the Services in this case.
If you reach our Services through third parties, these third parties may place cookies. This is beyond our control. Please review the privacy notices of these third parties.
2. Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for processing personal data using cookies is Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. The legal basis for the storing of cookies on the end-user-device is sec. 25 para. 2 TDDDG.
3. Purpose of data processing
The purpose of using cookies that are technically necessary is to simplify the use. Some features of our Services cannot be offered without using cookies. User data collected through technically necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles. These purposes also reflect our legitimate interest in processing the personal data in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR.
4. Storage period, objection and removal options
Cookies are stored on the user's device and are transmitted to us by that device. Consequently you, as the user, have complete control over the use of cookies. You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your internet browser or mobile device. Any cookies already stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. Where cookies are disabled, users may no longer be able to fully use all features of the Services.
VIII. Google Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a product of Google Inc. The company responsible for the European region is Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). The Tag Manager is a helpful marketing program to track user behavior and because of this we want to inform you about it in our privacy policy.
Google Tag Manager is an organizational tool that allows website tags to be managed and integrated centrally and via a user interface. Tags are small sections of code that record user activity, for example. The tags are often set by Google-internal products such as Google Ads or Google Analytics and can then be integrated and managed by other companies using the Tag Manager. For example, the tags are used to collect browser data, feed marketing tools, set cookies, etc. (Across multiple websites)
No cookies will be set, but only managed via them, i.e. forwarded to various analysis tools and thus Google only receives anonymized data.
The use of the Google Tag Manager requires the consent of the user. This was obtained with our cookie popup and is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR (consent) so that we may process the personal data.
We would also like to point out Google's privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
IX. Google Analytics
On the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. the interest in the analysis, optimisation and efficient operation of our website within the meaning of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR), we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by "Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland". (“Google”). Google uses cookies. In general, the information on the users’ use of the website generated by the cookie is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
Google is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement and thereby provides a guarantee that it will comply with European data protection law (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
).
Google will use this information on our behalf to analyse users’ use of our website, compile reports on the activities carried out within this website and to provide to us further services related to the use of this website and of the internet. The data processed can be used to create pseudonymous usage profiles of users.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymisation. This means that the users’ IP address is shortened by Google within Member States of the European Union or in other States party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address is only transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there in exceptional cases.
The IP address transmitted by the users’ browser will not be combined with other Google data. Users can prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the respective setting in their browser software; in addition, users can prevent the data generated by the cookie and related to their use of the website from being collected and processed by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Further information regarding the use of data by Google and the options for stopping such use and objecting to it is available on Google's web pages:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners
(„Use of data by Google when you use our partners’ websites or apps“),
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
(„Use of data for advertising purposes“),
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
(„Manage information used by Google to display advertising to you“).
X. Amazon Pixel
We use the web analytics services Amazon Conversion Pixel and Amazon Remarketing Pixel provided by Amazon of Amazon.com, Inc., 410 Terry Ave. North Seattle, WA, USA. By visiting this website, Amazon will receive the information that you have accessed our website. For this purpose, Amazon retrieves a “web beacon” (invisible graphics) and places a cookie on your computer in this process. In this context, the data specified in the section “Data processing on this website” of this Privacy Policy will be sent to Amazon. The IP address that is transmitted by your browser in this context will not be combined with other Amazon data. Amazon uses the cookie placed by it to recognise you on other websites, in apps and within services provided by Amazon and, as applicable, display personalised advertising to you. You can prevent cookies from being stored by selecting the respective setting in your browser software. However, we would like to point out that you may not be able to fully use all of
    the features of this website in this case. In addition, you can prevent the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website from being collected and processed by Amazon by clicking on the following link and selecting the setting “Do not personalise advertising displayed by Amazon for this browser”:
https://www.amazon.de/adprefs
. In this case, an opt-out cookie is placed in your browser which will prevent any future collection of your data by the Amazon pixels when you visit our website. This objection will remain in effect until you delete the opt-out cookie. Amazon provides further information regarding the collection of data at:
https://www.amazon.de/gp/BIT/InternetBasedAds
.
We do not have any control over the data collected or any knowledge of the full scope of the data being collected. This data will be transmitted to the USA and will be analysed there. Beyond the privacy policy mentioned above, you can request further information regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and processing, as well as further information on your respective rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy, from: Amazon EU S.à.r.l, Amazon Services Europe S.à.r. l. and Amazon Media EU S.à.r. l., all three of them with a registered office at 5, Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg; e-mail: ad-feedback@amazon.de. The data processor is Amazon.de GmbH, Marcel-Breuer-Str. 12, 80807 Munich, Germany.
XI. TikTok, Reddit, Snap
On our website, we use Tiktok Pixel, Reddit Pixel and Snap Pixel to understand and track activities of visitors of our website. In doing so, the above code snippets collect information about visitors to our website or the devices they use (so-called event data).
The advertiser tools were developed by:
TikTok Pixel
TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland
TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, WeWork, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6NH, United Kingdom
Reddit Pixel
Reddit Corporation, 548 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
Snap Pixel
Snap Inc., 2772 Donald Douglas Loop North, Santa Monica, CA 90405, USA
The event data collected via the Pixels is used for targeting our ads, improving ad delivery and for personalized advertising. For this purpose, the event data collected on our website by means of the pixels is transmitted to Google Ads.
Some of this event data is information that is stored in the device you are using. In addition, cookies are also used via the Pixels, via which information is stored on your end device used. Such as storage of information by the Pixels or access to information that is already stored in your device only takes place with your consent.
The legal basis for the collection and transmission of personal data is therefore Art. 6 para. 1a GDPR. This collection and transmission of the event data is carried out by us the Pixel as joint controller. The legal basis for the storing of the data on the end-user-device is sec. 25 para. 1 TDDDG.
TikTok, Reddit and also Snap process data in the USA, among other places. As a basis for data processing with recipients located in third countries (outside the EU, i.e. in particular the USA), companies use so-called standard contractual clauses (Art. 46 (2) & (3) GDPR). Those model templates are intended to ensure that third countries also comply with European data protection standards when personal data is stored there. Tiktok, Reddit and Snap thus undertake to comply with any conformities.
For the subsequent processing of the transmitted event data, the above pixels are the sole controller. For more information on how the personal data is processed, including the legal basis of the processing and the possibilities to exercise your rights, please refer to the individual data processing terms and conditions:
TikTok:
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/article?aid=300871706948451871
Reddit:
https://redditinc.force.com/helpcenter/s/article/Advertiser-Measurement-Program-Terms
Punkt 3
Snap:
https://snap.com/en-US/terms/standard-contractual-clauses
XII. Facebook Pixel
We use Facebook Pixel on our website. This allows Facebook to track user actions if you visit our website through Facebook Ads and for example if you purchase a product on our website cookies are set by Facebook Pixel. This allows Facebook to match the user data (customer data such as IP address, user ID) with your Facebook account data. For us, this data is anonymous and not visible.
With Facebook Pixel we are able to show our products to people who are also interested in them and thus tailor our advertising measures to the wishes and interests of the users, i.e. as a Facebook user (provided personalized advertising has been allowed) you get to see the appropriate advertising. Furthermore, Facebook uses the data for analysis purposes and its own advertisements.
Note: Within Facebook, you can customize your ad settings yourself.
https://www.facebook.com/adpreferences/advertisers/
Facebook processes data in the USA, among other places. As a basis for data processing at recipients located in third countries (outside the EU, i.e. in particular the USA), Facebook uses so-called standard contractual clauses (Art. 46 (2) & (3) GDPR). These templates are intended to ensure that third countries also comply with European data protection standards when personal data is stored there. Facebook thus undertakes to comply with any conformities.
Facebook's data processing terms and conditions, which comply with the standard contractual clauses, can be found here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing
XIII. Web pages on social media and including third-party services
We maintain web pages in social networks and on social media platforms in order to communicate with customers, potential customers and users who are active there, and to inform them about our Services there. When you access these networks and platforms, the general terms and conditions and the data processing policies of the relevant operator apply. Unless otherwise specified in our Privacy Policy, we process users’ data when they communicate with us in social networks and on social media platforms, e.g. create contributions on our web pages or send us messages. On the basis of our legitimate interests (i.e. interest in the analysis, optimisation and the efficient operation of our web pages within the meaning of Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR), we place links to these third-party services on our web pages.
This always requires that the third parties who provide this content can see users’ IP address because they cannot send the content to their browser without the IP address. Consequently, the IP address is required to display this content. We strive to only use content which is provided by parties that use the respective IP address solely for purposes of delivering said content. Third-party providers may also use “pixel tags” (invisible graphics, also referred to as “web beacons”) for statistical or marketing purposes. The “pixel tags” make it possible to analyse information, such as visitor traffic on the various pages of this website. The pseudonymous information may also be stored in cookies on the users’ device and may contain, for example, technical information regarding the browser and the operating system, information on referring websites and times of website visits, as well as further information regarding the use of our web pages. It may moreover be combined with similar
    information from other sources.
XIV. YouTube
We embed video content provided by YouTube into our Services. YouTube is a service provided by “Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland” (“Google”). For this purpose, we request the respective content from Google servers. If you are logged into Google with your Google account, Google is able to combine your surfing behaviour with other data. Google's privacy policy applies:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
XV. Forum
Our website provides the opportunity to submit contributions to a forum. The forum also requires registration with a user name, your e-mail address and a password. You can use a pseudonym to register. We only store this data to allow users to log in. Your password is encrypted. Nevertheless, we recommend that users do not use the same password on different websites. The password allows users to access their account in the forum, so please keep it in a safe place and do not disclose it to third parties. If you do not remember your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” function of the phpBB software. This process will ask you to enter your user name and your e-mail address, then the phpBB software will generate a new password that will allow you to get your account back.
The forum is operated by the provider phpBB Deutschland e. V., Sandweg 17, 70771 Leinfelden-Echterdingen (“phpBB”). phpBB generates multiple cookies when you visit the forum. Cookies are small text files which the browser stores as temporary files. Two of these cookies contain a unique user number (user ID) and an anonymous session number (session ID) which is automatically assigned to the user by phpBB. A third cookie is generated once a user has visited topics and is used to store information on the contributions read by the user in order to be able to mark any contributions not yet read. Further information is collected when information is sent to the operator. This may include contributions created as a guest, data that is collected in the context of the registration, and the messages created by a user after he/she has registered with the forum. Further information on how your data is used by the operator is available at:
https://www.phpbb.com/community/ucp.php?mode=privacy
.
The legal basis for using your data is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR because we will execute a contract regarding the use of the forum. Where we or phbBB use the data to improve the Services, this use is justified in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. There is an overriding interest in improving the Services.
XVI. Giants Developer Network
We offer the opportunity to create user-generated content using the GIANTS SDK (“User-Generated Content”). The GIANTS SDK provides access to various tools that allow to create and share User-Generated Content, e.g. an editor (“Tools”). In order to use the Tools, users must register with the GIANTS Developer Network. For this purpose they must provide their e-mail address and a password. We only use this data to administrate the GIANTS Developer Network; it will not be disclosed to third parties. The legal basis for using your data is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR because we will execute a contract regarding the use of the GIANTS Developer Network.
XVII. ModHub
We offer a platform (“ModHub”) for user-generated content created with GIANTS SDK (“User-Generated Content”). The GIANTS SDK provides access to various tools with which to create and share User-Generated Content. Users can upload User-Generated Content created by them using the ModHub. For this purpose they must register by providing an e-mail address and a password. We only use this data to administrate the ModHub; such data will not be disclosed to third parties. The tools transmit the IP address and the users’ access to files to us to enable the user to access the interface (API). The legal basis for using your data is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR because we will execute a contract regarding the use of the ModHub.
XVIII. AppsFlyer
Our app is analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California 94105). Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our games and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in personalized form, but under a pseudonym. For more information on data processing by AppsFlyer, please refer to the privacy policy of the provider:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
.
The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to be tracked by AppsFlyer in the future, you can opt out at any time here:
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
AppsFlyer is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnUZAA0&status=Active
This does not apply to Apple Arcade's Farming Simulator 20+ version.
XIX. Events
At events, pictures, video and / or audio recordings will be made of people inside the venue.
By participating, each visitor agrees that those responsible for the event organization, may record / visually document the event on the basis of a legitimate interest and may share these with the wider public, for example on social media channels or websites (Art. 6(1) GDPR).
XX. Smart Recruiters
For the provision of the applicant portal, we use the service provider
SmartRecruiters GmbH
Wilhelmstraße 118
10963 Berlin
SmartRecruiters offers an applicant platform as a service. The use of SmartRecruiters takes place pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f GDPR based on our legitimate economic interest to evaluate and manage applications in an applicant management system and to conduct an efficient application process.
In connection with the provision of the applicant portal, SmartRecruiters processes personal data on our behalf that arises from the following actions of the User:
Visiting the applicant portal
Creation of a profile
Application and further communication
SmartRecruiters adheres to standard contractual clauses for the handling of personal data.
Please refer to the privacy policy of SmartRecruiters:
https://www.smartrecruiters.com/de/legal/candidate-privacy-policy
XXI. Farming Simulator
The following information refers to the use of the Farming Simulator.
1. Purchase & Download
If the Farming Simulator is downloaded via our website (www.farming-simulator.com), we process the personal data required for the purchase the Farming Simulator and technical data to enable the download as such.
When you make a purchase, we process personal data that is required to complete the purchase process. This includes
Name
Address
Payment data
E-mail address
In order to technically enable the download of Farming Simulator, it is necessary to process
the following technical personal data:
IP address of the end device
Browser type
We process the personal data of the data subject for the execution of the contract concluded with him/her and therefore on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. The data will be erased as soon as there is no longer a legal basis (e.g. retention obligations under tax law) for the processing of the personal data.
Note: If the Farming Simulator is obtained via external platforms, we have no influence on the data processing of the platform operators and the respective platform operator is responsible for data protection. Their terms of use and data protection notices apply.
2. Use of the Farming Simulator
The use of Farming Simulator requires prior activation. The product key provided is checked and the corresponding host ID is saved.
We process this personal data of the data subject for the execution of the contract concluded with the data subject and thus on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. The data will be deleted as soon as there is no longer a legal reason to retain the personal data.
No personal data is collected during the subsequent use of the Farming Simulator.
3. Analysis and troubleshooting
We use troubleshooting tools to ensure the usability of the Farming Simulator.
a) Lua Callstack
If Lua errors occur while using the Farming Simulator, they are automatically recorded by us. The Lua call stack is a data structure that is used to track the sequence of function calls in a Lua program. It helps to understand the current state of the program. When recording Lua errors, the following technical data is recorded:
A list of the functions that have been called up to the current point in the program.
The parameters and local variables for each function in the stack.
Return addresses.
This technical data needs to be processed in order to better understand the error and restore the functionality of the game. The processing of the technical data (which enables a personal reference in absolutely exceptional cases) is carried out in order to enable the execution of the user contract with the data subject and thus on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR. We delete the technical personal data as soon as it is no longer required to fix the Lua error.
b) Crash dump upload service
In the exceptional event that the Farming Simulator crashes, we have developed a crash dump upload service that allows the user to provide us with the data that led to the program crash so that we can better prevent future program crashes. This includes data such as the user's hardware setup and software settings.
This technical data is processed - insofar as it enables a personal reference in exceptional cases - on the basis of the consent given by the data subject within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a GDPR, which the data subject can revoke at any time. We store this technical personal data for as long as it is required to resolve the problem or until the data subject withdraws their consent.
XXII. Rights of data subjects
Where your personal data is processed, you are the “data subject”, as defined in the GDPR, and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the Controller:
1. Right of access
You have the right to demand that the Controller confirm to you whether it is processing personal data concerning you. Where such processing exists, you can request the following information from the Controller:
the purposes for which the personal data is being processed;
the categories of personal data being processed;
the recipients or the categories of recipients to which the personal data concerning you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;
the period for which the personal data concerning you is supposed to be stored, or, if it is not possible to provide detailed information on this, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request that the Controller rectify or erase the personal data concerning you or restrict its processing, and the right to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
all available information regarding the origin of the data where the personal data is not collected from the data subject;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Art. 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the intended consequences of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is being transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context you may request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR relating to the transfer.
2. Right to rectification
You have the right to have the Controller rectify and/or complete data where the personal data concerning you being processed is inaccurate or incomplete. The Controller must rectify this data without undue delay.
3. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to demand that the Controller restrict the processing of personal data concerning you if the following applies:
you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the Controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of its use instead;
the Controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you need this data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
you have objected to processing in accordance with Art. 21 (1) GDPR and verification as to whether the legitimate grounds of the Controller override yours is pending.
Where processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted, such personal data may, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State. Where the processing was restricted in accordance with the aforementioned conditions, you will be informed by the Controller before the restriction of processing is lifted.
4. Right to erasure
a) Erasure obligation
You may demand that the Controller erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay where one of the following reasons applies:
The personal data concerning you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent on which the processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1)(a) or Art. 9 (2)(a) GDPR was based and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You object to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 (2) GDPR.
The personal data concerning you was processed unlawfully.
The personal data concerning you has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
The personal data concerning you has been collected with respect to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8 (1) GDPR.
b) Information provided to third parties
Where the Controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to erase the personal data concerning you in accordance with Art. 17 (1) GDPR, it has the following duty: It must take reasonable steps (including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the cost of implementation) to notify third-party companies which are controllers that you have requested the erasure of all links to, or copies of, such personal data.
c) Exceptions
The right to erasure does not apply where processing is necessary
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing under Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Controller;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9 (2)(h and i) as well as Art. 9 (3) GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 (1) GDPR in so far as the right referred to in subsection a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of such processing; or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
5. Right to information
Where you have exercised the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing vis-à-vis the Controller, the Controller has a duty to communicate this rectification or erasure of the data or the restriction of processing to each recipient to whom the personal data concerning you has been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed about those recipients.
6. Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to the Controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transmit that data to another controller without hindrance by the Controller to which the personal data has been provided, where the processing is based on consent pursuant
Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9 (2)(a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR; and
to the processing is carried out by automated means.
When exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from one controller to another, where this is technically feasible. This right must not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data that is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Controller.
7. Right to object
You have the right, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning you that is based on Art. 6 (1) (e or f) GDPR at any time; this also applies to profiling which is based on these provisions. In such an event, the Controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless it can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the data is being processed for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where personal data concerning you is processed for the purposes of direct marketing, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you for that purpose at any time; this also applies to profiling where profiling is related to such direct marketing. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for such purposes. In the context of
    the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise your right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
8. Right to revoke consent given for data protection law purposes
You have the right to revoke your consent given for data protection law purposes at any time. Revoking your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing performed based on the consent until such revocation.
9. Automated decision made in individual cases, including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing – including profiling – and which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply where the decision
a) is necessary for entering into or performing a contract between you and the Controller,
b) is authorised by Union or Member State laws to which the Controller is subject and where these laws also contain suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
c) is made with your explicit consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in Art. 9 (1) GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2)(a or g) applies and suitable measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests are in place. With respect to the cases mentioned in subsections (a) and (c), the Controller must implement suitable measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the Controller, the right to express your own point of view and the right to contest the decision.
10. Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged violation, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates provisions of the GDPR. The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged will inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 GDPR.
Social Media
#NEXAT
Pack is here! 👨‍🌾🎉
The world’s first fully integrated crop production system arrives in
#FS25
! Experience cutting-edge farming with powerful machinery. 🚜🌾

Check our blog for more info! 👇
https://t.co/bOWGZmdTXm
https://t.co/PO1xK1O3m3
We use cookies and analytics tools to improve the user friendliness of the Internet website. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Questions? Feedback?
powered by
Olark live chat software
Live Support: Offline
Our live support feature is currently offline, Please try again later.
powered
by
Olark Logo
Olark launch button clip path
Live Support: Offline
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active:
Skip to content
Google LLC
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
See Purposes of Data Collection section for details on scope of cert
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Information Technology Services
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/14/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  4/18/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/22/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
This certification applies to Google LLC and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, including X (a division of Google LLC) and Chronicle LLC, and any other wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Google LLC to the extent of any current separate self-certification by such entity.  With respect to personal data other than human resources data: Data is processed for various purposes depending on the particular product or service being provided, including: sales and marketing to consumers and businesses; supplying services and products to consumers and businesses; operating, developing and improving services and products of Google and/or any of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries identified below; personalizing services and products; financial processing and management; supplier, vendor and partner relationship management; fraud prevention, security, and protection of Google, its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, and our users; compliance with applicable law and governmental, legislative and regulatory bodies; and customer support and relationship management. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including: in situations in which we have consent, for external processing, with domain administrators, and for legal reasons. With respect to human resources data: Data is processed for various employment and legal purposes, including: recruitment and staffing; compensation, benefit programs and payroll; performance management and training; compliance and risk management; workplace management; protection against injury, theft, legal liability, fraud and abuse; and other business purposes. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including for business-related and legal purposes.

We currently do not rely on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and the UK Extension to transfer Swiss and UK personal information to the U.S..
Privacy Policy
HR Data
Google Employee Privacy Policy
Description:
Describes how Google collects and uses employee data. Available to employees on Google internal sites and services. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for Google Employee Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
HR and Non-HR Data
Document:
Actifio Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
BreezoMeter
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 10/1/2023
Document:
Dataform Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/11/2023
Document:
Elastifile Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Extended Workforce Privacy Privacy Policy
Description:
The Extended Workforce Privacy Policy explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Fitbit Privacy Policy
Description:
The Fitbit Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for our devices, applications, software, websites, APIs, products, and services. The Privacy Policy covers the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we offer, and security measures we take.
Effective Date: 6/6/2023
Document:
Google Careers Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 8/31/2023
Document:
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy notice.
Effective Date: 8/21/2023
Document:
Google Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 7/1/2023
Document:
Google Registry Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Kaggle Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/15/2023
Document:
Looker Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/20/2023
Document:
Privacy Policy for Nest Websites
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Privacy Statement for Nest's Products and Services
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy statement.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Qwiklabs Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/14/2023
Document:
SecOps Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/7/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Google LLC at:
Keith Enright
Chief Privacy Officer
Google LLC
Google Data Protection Office
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy
Mountain View, California  94043-1351
dpf-core-team@google.com
Phone:
(650) 253-0000
Fax: 650.618.1806
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Google LLC to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Google LLC regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners:
Datenschutzerklärung & Nutzungsbedingungen
Übersicht
Datenschutzerklärung
Nutzungsbedingungen
Technologien
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Google-Konto
Technologien
Werbung
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
So verwendet Google Cookies
Wie Google Standortinformationen verwendet
Verwendung von Kreditkartennummern durch Google für Zahlungen
Funktionsweise von Google Voice
Leitfaden zum Datenschutz in Google-Produkten
So speichert Google die erhobenen Daten
Im Rahmen der
Privacy Sandbox-Initiative
von Chrome und Android werden für die Werbedienste von Google neue Möglichkeiten getestet, die Auslieferung und Analyse digitaler Werbung so zu unterstützen, dass die Privatsphäre der Nutzer im Web besser geschützt wird. Nutzer, die in Chrome oder Android die entsprechenden Privacy Sandbox-Einstellungen aktiviert haben, sehen möglicherweise relevante Anzeigen von Google-Werbediensten, die auf
Topics
- oder
Protected Audience
-Daten basieren, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind. Mit den Werbediensten von Google wird die Anzeigenleistung möglicherweise auch anhand von
Attribution Reporting API-Daten
gemessen, die in ihrem Browser oder auf ihrem Mobilgerät gespeichert sind.
Weitere Informationen zur Privacy Sandbox
Wie wir Daten von Websites oder Apps verwenden, auf bzw. in denen unsere Dienste genutzt werden
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps werden Google-Dienste eingesetzt, um die Inhalte zu verbessern und auf Dauer eine kostenlose Nutzung zu ermöglichen. Durch die Integration unserer Dienste werden über diese Websites und Apps Daten an Google übermittelt.
Wenn Sie eine Website besuchen, auf der Werbedienste wie AdSense oder Analysetools wie Google Analytics verwendet werden oder Videoinhalte von YouTube eingebettet sind, sendet Ihr Webbrowser automatisch bestimmte Informationen an Google. Hierzu gehören auch die URL der besuchten Seite und Ihre IP-Adresse. Wir können beispielsweise die IP-Adresse nutzen, um Ihren ungefähren Standort zu ermitteln, die Effektivität von Werbung zu messen und, abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen, die Relevanz der Werbung zu verbessern, die Ihnen angezeigt wird. Unter Umständen
setzen wir auch Cookies in Ihrem Browser
oder lesen die bereits vorhandenen Cookies. Auch durch Apps, in denen Werbedienste von Google zum Einsatz kommen, werden Daten an Google übermittelt, zum Beispiel der Name der App und eine eindeutige Kennung für Werbezwecke.
Die durch Websites und Apps übermittelten Informationen verwenden wir zur Bereitstellung, Betreuung und Verbesserung unserer bestehenden Dienste, zur Entwicklung neuer Dienste, zur Messung der Effektivität bestimmter Werbung, zum Schutz vor Betrug und Missbrauch sowie zur Personalisierung von Inhalten und Werbeanzeigen, die Sie sowohl bei Google als auch auf unseren Partnerwebsites und ‑apps sehen. In
unserer Datenschutzerklärung
erhalten Sie weitere Informationen dazu, wie wir Daten zu jedem einzelnen dieser Zwecke verarbeiten, und auf unserer
Seite zum Thema Werbung
erfahren Sie mehr über Werbung bei Google, wie genau Ihre Daten im Zusammenhang mit Werbung verwendet werden und wie lange Google diese Daten speichert.
Unsere
Datenschutzerklärung
erläutert die rechtlichen Grundlagen, auf der Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Es kann beispielsweise sein, dass wir Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten oder um berechtigten Interessen nachzugehen wie der Bereitstellung, Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, um den Bedürfnissen unserer Nutzer gerecht zu werden.
In einigen Fällen bitten Websites oder Apps, die Daten mit uns teilen, um Ihre Einwilligung, bevor sie zulassen, dass Google Ihre Daten verarbeitet. Beispielsweise kann es sein, dass auf einer Website ein Banner erscheint, in dem Sie um Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung der auf der Website erhobenen Daten durch Google gebeten werden. In diesen Fällen respektieren wir die in der Einwilligung für die Website oder App beschriebenen Zwecke und stellen diese über die in der Datenschutzerklärung von Google beschriebenen rechtlichen Grundlagen. Wenn Sie Ihre Einwilligung ändern oder widerrufen möchten, sollten Sie dazu die entsprechende Website oder App besuchen.
Personalisierte Werbung
Wenn die personalisierte Werbung aktiviert ist, verwendet Google Ihre Daten dazu, Werbeanzeigen für Sie nützlicher zu gestalten. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel eine Website besuchen, über die Mountainbikes verkauft und auf der Werbedienste von Google eingesetzt werden, sehen Sie danach auf einer anderen Website, auf der Werbeanzeigen von Google eingeblendet sind, unter Umständen eine Werbung für Mountainbikes.
Ist die personalisierte Werbung deaktiviert, werden Ihre Daten weder zur Erstellung eines Werbeprofils erhoben noch verwendet und eingeblendete Werbeanzeigen von Google nicht personalisiert. Ihnen wird weiterhin Werbung angezeigt, die Werbeanzeigen sind jedoch unter Umständen nicht so nützlich für Sie. Welche Werbung Sie sehen, ist zwar nach wie vor vom Gegenstand der Website oder App, die Sie aufgerufen haben, von Ihren aktuellen Suchbegriffen oder von Ihrem Standort abhängig, nicht aber von Ihren Interessen, Ihrem Suchverlauf oder Ihrem Browserverlauf. Ihre Daten werden unter Umständen auch weiterhin zu einem anderen der oben angegebenen Zwecke genutzt – zum Beispiel, um die Effektivität bestimmter Werbung zu messen oder Sie vor Betrug und Missbrauch zu schützen.
Wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, bei denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden, werden Sie möglicherweise gefragt, ob Sie personalisierte Werbung von Google oder anderen Anbietern sehen möchten oder nicht. Unabhängig davon, wie Sie sich entscheiden, wird Google die Werbung, die Ihnen gezeigt wird, nicht personalisieren, wenn Sie in den Einstellungen für Werbung "Personalisierte Werbung" abgestellt haben oder Ihr Konto für personalisierte Werbung nicht in Frage kommt.
In den
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie jederzeit sehen und festlegen, welche Daten Google zum Einblenden von Werbung verwendet.
So legen Sie fest, welche Daten Google auf diesen Websites und in diesen Apps erhebt
Im Folgenden werden einige Möglichkeiten erläutert, wie Sie festlegen können, welche Daten durch Ihr Gerät übermittelt werden, wenn Sie Websites besuchen oder Apps nutzen, auf bzw. in denen Google-Dienste eingesetzt werden:
Über die
Einstellungen für Werbung
können Sie steuern, welche Werbeanzeigen Sie in Google-Diensten wie der Google-Suche oder YouTube bzw. auf Websites und in Apps sehen, die Werbedienste von Google einsetzen. Außerdem erfahren Sie,
wie Werbeanzeigen personalisiert werden, wie Sie personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren und bestimmte Werbetreibende blockieren können
.
Wenn Sie in Ihrem Google-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie abhängig von Ihren Kontoeinstellungen unter
Meine Aktivitäten
Daten überprüfen und kontrollieren, die durch die Nutzung von Google-Diensten anfallen. Hierzu zählen auch die Informationen, die wir von den von Ihnen aufgerufenen Websites und Apps erheben. Sie können sich die Inhalte nach Datum und Thema sortiert ansehen und Teile Ihrer Aktivitäten oder alle löschen.
Auf vielen Websites und in vielen Apps wird Google Analytics eingesetzt, um feststellen zu können, wie die Nutzer mit den Websites oder Apps interagieren. Falls Sie die Nutzung von Analytics in Ihrem Browser unterbinden möchten, können Sie das
Browser-Add-on zum Deaktivieren von Google Analytics installieren
.
Weitere Informationen zu Google Analytics und Datenschutz
Im
Inkognitomodus in Chrome
können Sie im Web surfen, ohne dass Websites und Dateien im Browser- oder Kontoverlauf erfasst werden – es sei denn, Sie melden sich an. Cookies werden gelöscht, nachdem Sie alle Inkognitofenster und -tabs geschlossen haben. Ihre Lesezeichen und Einstellungen werden gespeichert, bis Sie sie löschen.
Weitere Informationen zu Cookies
Selbst wenn Sie den Inkognitomodus von Chrome oder einen anderen Modus für privates Surfen verwenden, können Daten erhoben werden, sobald Sie Websites besuchen, die Google-Dienste nutzen. Außerdem kann Google Daten erheben, auch wenn Sie Websites mit diesen Browsern besuchen.
In Google Chrome ist es genauso wie in vielen anderen Browsern möglich, Cookies von Drittanbietern zu blockieren. Außerdem können Sie bereits bestehende Cookies aus dem Browser löschen.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwaltung von Cookies in Chrome
Google
Über Google
Datenschutz
Nutzungsbedingungen
Transparenz-Center
Eine Drop‑down-Liste, um die Sprache der Website zu ändern. Jede Option ist der Name einer Sprache. Es gibt insgesamt 65 Optionen.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 3
https://www.phpbb.com/community/ucp.php?mode=privacy:
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Menu
About
Features
Learn about the features that phpBB has to offer.
Demo
Give phpBB a try with a fully-featured demo board.
Showcase
A showcase of popular and unique sites using phpBB.
Get Involved
Learn how you can get involved with the project.
3.3 New Features
An overview of the new features and improvements in phpBB 3.3.
The Team
Find out who is responsible for all the mayhem.
Contact Us
Have a question the forums don't answer? Come here.
Advertising
Information if you want to advertise on phpBB.com.
Find out more about the project »
Downloads
Latest Version
Download the latest stable release of phpBB
Update Packages
Automatic Update packages for your phpBB release
Language Packs
Translate phpBB into (almost) any language you like
Extensions
Download extensions to enhance phpBB’s functionality
Styles
Your forums need a new look? Browse our Styles DB
Official Tools
Official tools by the phpBB team to assist you with your board
Customise
Customisation Database
Our customisation database contains just about everything you might need to customise your phpBB board to your liking. In it you will find Extensions, MODs (for 3.0.x), Styles, Language Packs, BBCodes, as well as various tools.
Extensions
Guides on how to use them and how to create your own.
Extensions DB
Download or submit extensions to our extensions database.
Styles
Guides on how to use them and to create your own styles.
Styles DB
Download or submit styles to our styles database.
More resources on customising your board »
Support
Documentation
Installation guide and the complete documentation.
Knowledge Base
Team and user submitted ar­ticles covering support areas.
Support Forums
The Support related areas in our community forums.
Discord / IRC
Visit our Discord or IRC support channels.
International Support
Find a 3rd party support site in your first language.
More information on support »
Development
Area51 phpBB Development
All Development Discussion takes place at Area51. Bug tracker, development wiki, continuous integration and other development tools are located here. Find out how to get involved in phpBB development.
phpBB Bug Tracker
Report problems with phpBB core and other sub-projects such as the Website, Customisation DB, and Team Tools here.
phpBB Ideas
Suggest, vote on and comment on ideas for phpBB.
Security Tracker
The tracker for security issues in phpBB or validated MODs.
Development Wiki
Share experience and learn more about the codebase.
GSoC
Google Summer of Code is an annual program in which Google awards stipends to students participating in coding projects for free and open source software projects.
Participate in phpBB development now »
Blog
Community
Support Forums
Help with installation & running phpBB – search first!
Extensions Forums
Discuss and view Extensions that are available for download.
Styles Forums
Discuss and view Styles that are available for download.
phpBB Discussion
Discussions on all things phpBB: features, future, etc.
General Discussion
General discussion and intelligent conversations.
Area51
Bleeding edge testing and development discussion.
… and many more forums »
Hosting
Quick links
Unanswered topics
Active topics
Search
FAQ
Login
Register
Board index
Search
phpBB.com - Privacy policy
This policy explains in detail how “phpBB.com” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “phpBB.com”, “https://www.phpbb.com/community”) and phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Limited”, “phpBB Teams”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “phpBB.com” will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “phpBB.com” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing “phpBB.com”, though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “phpBB.com” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email”). Your information for your account at “phpBB.com” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by “phpBB.com” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “phpBB.com”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “phpBB.com”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “phpBB.com”, phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 5
https://www.smartrecruiters.com/de/legal/candidate-privacy-policy:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to people with visual disabilities who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Popup heading
Close
Accessibility
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu