Mitsubishi Materials Corporation (MMC), recognizing the importance of personal information, will take the following measures to protect personal information that MMC handles:
MMC observes applicable laws and regulations with respect to personal information. MMC has established internal rules for the handling of personal information, and will continuously require its employees (including directors, officers, full-time and part-time employees, temporary workers, etc.) and others to know, practice, maintain and improve upon such internal rules.
When MMC collects, obtains or acquires personal information, MMC will make public, or individually inform each person concerned, its purposes of the use of such information. MMC will collect, obtain or acquire personal information to the extent necessary for the said purposes.
MMC will appoint a manager in charge of information management in each section who will handle all personal information. MMC will keep personal information accurate and up to date, and will take appropriate measures to prevent improper access to, as well as the loss, destruction, improper alteration and leakage of personal information.
MMC will handle personal information under proper procedures for only the purposes made public or informed at the time of collection or acquisition. Furthermore, MMC will not disclose or offer personal information of any person to a third party without his or her approval, except for the following cases:
(1) when MMC has his or her express consent;
(2) when MMC outsources to a third party a part of its operations that handles personal information;
(3) when MMC presents necessary information to financial institutions for payment procedures; and
(4) when there are certain circumstances specified by applicable laws.
In the case in which MMC shares personal information with a third party, or in the case where MMC entrusts personal information to a third party in order to outsource a part of its operations, MMC will inquire about and examine, and further sign the necessary contracts with, such third party, and take other necessary measures required by applicable laws and regulations.
MMC recognizes that each person has the right to disclose, amend, suspend and delete his or her own personal information under the Personal Information Protection Law of Japan, and will promptly respond to his or her request regarding the said rights, unless MMC is under certain circumstances specified by the law.
MMC will keep personal information entrusted from other entities under strict control, and will use such entrusted personal information only for the commissioned work stipulated in the contracts with such other entities.
Purposes of Use of Personal Information
MOLDINO Tool Engineering, Ltd. will use a customer's personal information to deliver our products and services below, sales activities, to provide related after-sales service, to send information and data (including catalogues and direct mail) about the products, services and events below, to send questionnaires about improvement of the products and services below, to send winners selected a gift in a campaign, to operate related requesting services and to perform statistical work. If a department of Mitsubishi Materials uses limited parts of personal information, that department can only do so if it has notified a customer or disclosed to them that their personal information will be used.
Our products and services
Manufacturing and sales of tips, cutting tools made of special steels, carbide alloys etc.
Contact for Personal Information
Contact Us
https://data.moldino.com/en-US/contact/
Establishing April 1st in 2015.