Blanchardstown & District Credit Union Data Protection Privacy Policy
Data Protection Notice to Members
(Updated February 2023)
Members are encouraged to read this notice which sets out essential information about the personal data we collect from you, how we use and safeguard this information, who we share it with and why, and how long we will keep it on file. It also explains your rights, some of which are new, arising from the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. Who we are
Blanchardstown & District Credit Union Limited has been looking after the financial services needs of its members since its foundation. Blanchardstown & District Credit Union is a financial cooperative, democratically owned and controlled by our members, and operated for the purposes of promoting thrift, providing credit and other financial services to members, and providing educational services to members for the promotion of their economic, social and cultural wellbeing. Personal data is processed for these purposes and no others.
2. Our approach to Data Protection
We have always appreciated your trust in us to collect, process and protect your personal information and we will continue to look after your information in a way that merits your trust. As a data controller, we are committed to meeting our obligations under the GDPR and have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO), who has oversight of our information practices and is responsible for ensuring your rights are fulfilled. The DPO is also a point of contact for members should you have any questions or concerns about your personal information.
In the context of the GDPR and the Data Protection Acts (1988 as amended), Blanchardstown & District Credit Union Ltd is the data controller
[1]
You can contact our DPO at
dpo@blanchardstowncu.ie
or write to: Data Protection Officer, Blanchardstown & District Credit Union Limited, Unit 9/10, Blanchardstown Business Centre, Clonsilla Road, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, D15 FP92,
[2]
3. The information we collect and hold about you
Depending on which of our savings, loans, transaction or other services you use, we will collect different types of information from you or about you. Most of the information we collect is personal, and some of it is very private to you, including information about your financial situation, person(s) you have nominated on your account, and your state of health. Information about health is treated as a “special category”, meaning that we apply additional stringent safeguards against its improper collection, use or disclosure.
We collect and store only the information that we need to look after you as a member and this will include:
4. Information we hold about you as a member
Your personal identification and descriptors
Full name/maiden name/signature
Current and previous addresses
Email address; phone number(s) and other contact information
Age/date of birth
Gender
Marital status
Partner/spouse; number of dependents
Names and addresses of person(s) nominated on your account
Occupation and place of work
Income
Tax Identification Number/PPS Number
Proof of identity and address e.g. copy of driving licence/passport and utility bills
Accommodation status; mortgage or tenancy information
IP address
Photographic ID, CCTV footage and voice (call) recordings
Your state of health and related information
Your bank account or other credit union account details
Payroll, credit or payment card details
5. How we collect this information
We record and file the identification and contact information and other data that you input into our online or printed forms or provide to us over the phone or in person when you join the credit union.
We can only deal with and communicate with the member, so when you contact us we may need to verify your identity, for example by asking you a security question or looking for some additional detail about your account or dealings with us that only you would know.
When we need information about a nominated person(s) on your account we will obtain that information from you, as the member.
We may record and/or make notes about phone conversations and will always tell you when we do so.
Our website makes limited use of ‘cookie’ technology. A cookie is a piece of text that our server places on your device when you visit our website. The type of cookie we use is “a non-persistent session enabler” which means it is used only to allow your device to communicate with the site while you log-in and use the site; the cookie expires when you log out of the site. We also collect the IP address of any device which is trying to connect with the site and use this to track successful or failed attempts at log-in to your account and the number of attempts made. You can find more information on our Cookie Policy document on our website.
6. Information from other sources
[3]
:
Sometimes we collect information about you from other sources. Again, this can be dependent on which of our services you are using. Some examples are below:
If you apply for a loan, we may be required by law to consult credit rating agencies, such as the Central Credit Register.
When a member decides to complete a Form of Nomination
[4]
on their account they will give us personal data on the nominated person so we can contact them should it become necessary.
Should you decide to volunteer with us and apply for a position on our Board of Directs, we are required to complete fitness and probity checks. This is required under regulation by the Central Bank of Ireland
Other sources of publicly available information can also be consulted, such as:
Registers of companies and company directors, such as the Companies Registration Office, Solocheck, etc.
the Register of Personal Insolvency Arrangements,
the Bankruptcy Register
the Register of Beneficial Ownership
Whatever the source, we collect and store only the information that we need to look after you as a member.
7. The purposes for which we process your personal data
[5]
We use information about you to:
Set up and operate your credit union accounts on your behalf;
Meet our obligations to you under the Credit Union’s Registered Rules;
Provide savings, loan, transaction and other financial and educational services to you as a member;
Process your Life Saving, Loan Protection or Death Benefit Insurance claims and associated payments;
Keep our records up to date to contact you when required and provide the best customer service;
Respond to your requests and provide information;
Address any complaint you may have about our services;
Meet our legal obligations and respond to requests from the Central Bank, courts or enforcement authorities;
Produce internal management information to run our business and identify ways in which we can improve our services;
Provide relevant information to other financial service providers in the event of you requesting this or when you transfer to another credit union; and;
Perform any other financial services or co-operative activities which we are obliged to undertake, or which we have gained your consent to perform
Keep you informed about our products and services
8. Profiling
We sometimes use personal data we have about you to carry out profiling to better understand our memberships’ needs and wants, to identify areas of opportunity within our common bond, and to tailor our marketing efforts.
Profiling is a special form of processing involving anonymous (member names are not included) analysis of our members database, or sections of the member database. It is usually done for marketing purposes, to look for clusters of members with similar characteristics and behaviours. For instance, looking at members who are borrowing from us, and looking for common characteristics among them, like age, stage, geographical location. Then, non-borrowing members with those same or similar characteristics are sent information about appropriate products and services.
You have the right to object to your personal data being included in profiling.
9. Our lawful basis for processing
[6]
To process your information lawfully and fairly, we rely on one or more of the following lawful bases:
The performance of a contract;
Legal obligation;
Our legitimate business interests;
Your consent; and,
Protecting the vital interests of you or others
Some examples for each lawful basis are given below. Please note that some information is processed under more than one lawful basis:
Lawful basis
Examples of what we use your information for
Performance of a contract
– between you and us, or in order to take steps prior to entering into a contract between you and us
When you ask to join the Credit Union, we must assess your eligibility to do so, for instance, establishing that you are part of our common bond. When you sign the application form, this is a contract in which you are agreeing to comply with the rules of the credit union.
Similarly, if you apply for a loan from us, we assess your creditworthiness using your income and outgoings to identify whether you can afford the loan for which you are applying. Once approved, the credit agreement is a contract in which sign your agreement with the repayment programme outlined.
Legal obligation
– we must process this information to comply with our legal obligations.
We process your personal information to identify and authenticate our members.
We share your information with third parties when obliged to do so.
We must continually monitor and update information to satisfy our obligations in respect of anti-money laundering, countering the financing of terrorism and to comply with the financial sanctions regime.
We use an element of automated decision-making for loan-assessment, provisioning and anti-money laundering purposes and to ensure we comply with our legal obligations in those regards.
We continually monitor electronic devices to detect and prevent fraud and cyber-attacks. This enables us to protect and secure our member and business information, our IT system and networks and our business interests.
Our legitimate interests
– means the interests of the credit union in conducting and managing our business when providing financial and educational services. Core legitimate interests of the credit union are to provide the best customer service, to protect our members and employees, and to grow our member base and product offerings to remain vital and viable
[7]
.
We will assess whether the legitimate interest of the credit union will affect your rights and freedoms as a data subject prior to processing. We implement safeguards to ensure that the processing remains fair and balanced.
You have the
right to object
to being included in processing where the lawful basis used is legitimate interest.
We produce internal management information and models to ensure necessary safeguards are in place and to assess the effectiveness of these.
We send out marketing materials to our members to promote ourselves, our products and services.
We also carry out profiling by analysing your demographic and user status, channel preferences and location, in order to identify potentially useful services for you. We use this to design future services offerings and to ensure that any marketing or educational materials we send you are relevant and useful to you.
As part of our membership agreement with you, we have the right to collect payment or money owed to us.
Your consent
– we require your consent for processing certain information and will ensure this is obtained under the principles:
·
Free will
– your consent must be freely given and not influenced by external factors
·
Specific
– we will be clear on what exactly we are asking your consent for
·
Positive action
– clear affirmative action is required. We will not use pre-ticked boxes, or imply or assume your consent
·
Recorded
– we will keep a record of your consent and how and when obtained
·
Right to withdraw
– you can withdraw your consent at any time; we will stop any processing that requires your consent once you request this;
With your consent, we will let you know about new services you might like to avail of. We may do this by post, email, or through digital media.
You can select how you prefer to be contacted on our application forms or by contacting us.
If we ever contact you to get your feedback on ways to improve our services, you have the choice to opt out.
Protecting the vital interests of you or others
Sharing information to serve you
Should a situation arise where you are incapacitated and unable to communicate for yourself, we may share relevant information with your authorised representative.
Should you become unable to transact on your account due to a mental incapability and no person has been legally appointed to administer your account, the Board may allow payment to another who it deems proper to receive it, where it is just and expedient to do so, in order that the money be applied in your best interests
[8]
. To facilitate this, medical evidence of your incapacity will be required which will include data about your mental health. As special category data, this information will be treated with strictest care and confidentiality.
10. How we keep your information safe
The safety of your information and data is very important to us. We keep our computers, files and buildings secure.
Transit of paper files is strictly limited. Where necessary to have member information available for e.g. Board or Committee meetings, meeting rooms are secure, and no member information is left in the open or on view to external parties.
Incoming post is brought directly to our office and opened by our staff. Outgoing post is either collected from our office by An Post or brought to the Post Office by our staff.
Electronic copy files are stored on our proprietary IT system which requires user authentication to access it. Back-ups of electronic files are stored securely off site. Laptops are encrypted at hard-drive level. Use of memory sticks and other portable drives is limited, restricted to management personnel, and all external drives are encrypted.
All files and hard drives being disposed of are shredded and this is certified by the shredding service provider.
When you contact us by phone to ask about your information, we will ask you to verify your identity.
11. How long we keep your personal information for
To meet our legal and regulatory obligations, we hold your information while you are a member and for a period of time after that. We do not hold it for longer than necessary. To help you understand how long we hold your data for, we have summarised our internal retention schedules below.
Please note that these retention periods are subject to legal, regulatory and business requirements, which may require us to hold the information for a longer period. For example, we must meet minimum retention standards for taxation and audit requirements.
To meet such needs and to protect your interests as well as the credit union’s interests, we may need to hold data for longer than our internal schedules dictate. However, we will not retain data that is no longer needed, and we continuously assess and delete data to ensure it is not held for longer than necessary.
Document Type
Example Document
Retention Period
Account and service information
Membership account opening documents including:
·         Documents that identify and authenticate you, e.g. birth certificate, passport, proof of address
·         Signed authorisation for deduction at source, standing order or direct debit
·         Documents that are required for adherence to law or regulations, e.g. PPSN, copy of marriage certificate / civil partnership
7 years beyond account closure
Account operation records including instructions, communications and complaints
·         Bank details; IBAN
·         Transactions and receipts
·         Accounting records
7 years beyond completion of the transaction or contract or resolution of the complaint concerned
Loan information
·         Applications and credit agreements
·         Supporting materials, such as payslips and bank statements
7 years beyond the expiry of the loan whether by repayment, refinance, transfer, or default
Deleted on expiry of the loan whether by repayment, refinance, transfer, or death
Revenue/Tax documentation
Income tax and DIRT records
7 years beyond completion of the transaction concerned
Other records
·         Records relating to legal claims
·         CCTV footage and voice recordings
7 beyond closure of the case
One month
12. Your information and third parties
Sometimes we share your information with third parties, such as persons or companies with whom we do business and who provide products or services e.g. IT Services that we use in conducting our business, including managing our relationship with our members.
Similarly, we may share or disclose personal data to professional advisers, e.g. legal advisers, accountants, auditors, whom we may engage for any reasonable purpose in connection with our business, including assistance in protecting our rights.
We will only share or disclose the minimum information that they need in order to provide the product or service.
Before we make any transfer of personal data, we require these third parties to sign a contract with us committing to the same levels of data protection that we have and guaranteeing that all necessary safeguards and controls have been implemented to ensure there is no risk to your data rights and freedoms.
We also have to share information with third parties to meet any applicable law, regulation or lawful request including dealing with complaints. For example, we have a legal obligation under the “Return of Payments (Banks, Building Societies, Credit Unions and Savings Banks) Regulations 2008” to report details to the Revenue in respect of dividend or interest payments to members, which include PPSN where held.
In all such cases, we will only disclose the minimum amount of information required to satisfy our legal obligation.
Loan Protection & Life Savings Insurance (LPLS):
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is an insurance specialist, serving credit unions in Ireland since 1963.
We have arranged Loan Protection (which covers repayment of a loan in the case of permanent disability or death) and Life Savings Insurance (which provides a payment on death to a members account based on the amount of savings) through CMutual, an insurance specialist who have been serving credit unions in Ireland since 1963. The Privacy Notice of CMutual can be found at
www.cmutual.ie/privacy-statement
.
To facilitate this, when you apply for a loan from us, it may be necessary to process ‘special category’ data, which includes information about your health. This information will be shared with CMutual to allow it deal with insurance underwriting, administration and any future claims on our behalf.
We may disclose information in your application or in respect of any account or transaction of yours from the date of your original membership to authorised officers or employees of CMutual for the purpose of CMutual providing these services to us.
Electronic Payments:
For the processing of electronic payments services on your account (such as credit transfers, standing orders and direct debits), the Credit Union is required to share your personal data with our electronic payment service providers Intesa San Paolo, Realex and AIB Merchant Services.
13. International transfers of data
In our direct provision of services to you we do not transfer data outside of the area where the GDPR is in force
[9]
. Some of our outsourced service provisions can involve data being transferred outside of this area, but where this happens, we make sure that we have in place a contract requiring that this is done in full compliance with the requirements of the GDPR. We provide individual Privacy Notices for all our service provisions which provide specific information on any international data transfers.
14. Your personal information rights
This section sets out your rights, when they apply and our responsibility to you. The exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions and we might require further information from you before we can respond to your request. You may exercise your rights by contacting our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@blanchardstowncu.ie
or write to: Data Protection Officer, Blanchardstown & District Credit Union Limited, Unit 9/10, Blanchardstown Business Centre, Clonsilla Road, Blanchardstown, Dublin 15, D15 FP92.
Accessing your personal information
As a member, you can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold and further details about how we collect, share and use your personal information. You can request the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making and meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Any personal data we might transfer to an organisation outside of the area where the GDPR is in effect, including any safeguards around such transfers
Updating and correcting your personal details
You can easily update your personal and contact information by contacting us by email or letter. You may be asked to provide supporting documentation to support your request.
If you contact us over the phone to edit or delete any information on your behalf, we will ask you questions in order to verify your identity.
Deleting your information (right to be forgotten)
You may ask us to delete your personal information or we may delete your personal information under the following conditions:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
you withdraw your consent where there is no other legal ground for the processing;
you withdraw your consent for direct marketing purposes;
you withdraw your consent for processing a child’s data;
you object to automated decision making;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation.
A request to delete your personal information cannot place this credit union in conflict with existing legislation requiring the retention of the information.
Removing consent
Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, i.e. for direct marketing purposes or to obtain feedback from you about our services, you are entitled to withdraw your consent to such processing at any time. You can do this by contacting us by email or letter.
Ask us to suspend processing your personal data (Right to restriction)
You may have the right to restrict or object to us processing your personal information. We will require your consent to further process this information once restricted. You can request restriction of processing where:
The personal data is inaccurate, and you request restriction while we verify the accuracy;
The processing of your personal data is unlawful;
You oppose the erasure of the data, requesting restriction of processing instead;
You require the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims but we no longer require the data for processing;
You disagree with the legitimate interest legal basis and processing is restricted until the legitimate basis is verified.
Moving your information (your right to Portability)
Where possible we can share a digital copy of your information directly with you or another organisation. We will provide this information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Note, we can only share this information where it has been processed electronically (hard copy documents are excluded for portability) and was processed either under your consent or under the lawful basis of provision of a credit union service. In line with GDPR guidance, information that is processed to satisfy a legal obligation or that we process as part of our legitimate business interests, will not be regarded as portable (see section 7: ‘
The purposes for which we process your personal data’
).
Ask us to stop processing your personal data (Right to object)
Where we are sending you direct marketing materials and newsletters, or we are using your personal data for profiling purposes for direct marketing, you can ask us to stop doing so.
Automated decision-making
We can occasionally use automated decision-making tools to assist us in making decisions, for instance, in assessing loan applications. We do not depend on such tools as the sole basis for making our decisions. Should it ever be the case that we use only automated decision-making, and you are unhappy with the resulting decision, you have the right to obtain human intervention on this, to express your point of view on the decision, and to contest or appeal that decision.
Restrictions and charges
You should note that the exercise of your rights might be subject to certain conditions or restrictions. Where this happens, we will let you know.
Additionally, your right to obtain information cannot adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. Therefore, we cannot provide information on other people unless legally obliged to do so.
Usually, there is no charge when you contact us to ask about your information. If requests are deemed excessive or manifestly unfounded or unreasonable, we may charge a reasonable fee to cover the additional administrative costs, or we may choose to refuse the requests.
15. Making a complaint
If you have a complaint about how we are using your personal information, please let us know, so that we have the opportunity to put things right as quickly as possible. If you wish to make a complaint you may do so in person, by phone, by letter or by email. Please be assured that all complaints received will be fully investigated. You can register a complaint through our DPO and we ask that you provide as much information as possible to help us resolve your complaint quickly.
You can also complain directly to the Data Protection Commission, and their contact information is:
Email: info@dataprotection.ie
Phone: +353 (0)1 765 0100, or 1800 437 437
Write to: Data Protection Commission, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23
16. Updates to this notice
We will make changes to this notice from time to time, particularly when we change how we use your information, such as in response to changing legal, technical or business developments.  When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.. You always will find an up-to-date version of this notice on our website at
www.blanchardstowncu.ie
or you can ask us for a copy.
[1]
GDPR, Article 13 (1)(a)
[2]
GDPR, Article 13 (1)(b)
[3]
GDPR, Article 14 (1)(c)
[4]
Under our Rules (Rule 23), by filling in a
form of nomination,
our members can nominate their property to a person (or persons). This means that, should the member die, on the credit union receiving satisfactory proof of the death of a member, payment of the nominated property is made to the nominated person(s).
[5]
GDPR, Article 13 (1)(c)
[6]
GDPR, Article 14 (1)(c)
[7]
GDPR, Article 13 (1)(d)
[8]
Credit Union Rules, Rule 26
[9]
The European Economic Area (EU countries, Norway, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Turkey & Switzerland) and countries with a GDPR Adequacy Decision (Andorra, Argentina, Canada (commercial organisations), Faroe Islands, Guernsey, Israel, Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and Uruguay)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.cmutual.ie/privacy-statement:
top of page
PRIVACY, T&Cs, & COOKIE POLICY
PRIVACY
CMutual - IRL
Privacy Statement
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice
At CMutual we are committed to keeping your privacy and information safe. We respect the trust you’ve placed in us, and this Notice is a copy of our policy around how we do this.
Our privacy notice tells you what we do with information we collect about you. It’s relevant to anyone who uses our services, including policyholders, prospective policyholders, our partners and visitors, our website users and beneficiaries under our policies.
It is the intention of this privacy statement to explain to you the information practices of CMutual in relation to the information we collect about you.
For the purposes of the GDPR the data controller is:
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited
Located at 511, The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey, Dublin 7, D07 FK22 Ireland
When we refer to ‘we’ it is CMutual.
Who are we?
CMutual is the pre-eminent insurance specialist for Credit Unions. We have unique expertise in tailoring protection solutions to fit the needs of the credit union and its members. We are an Insurance broker regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland. CMutual staff are experts in Commercial Insurance products, and Credit Union insurance needs. CMutual group offer quotations, and policies for clients to fit their needs.
The controller (as defined in the GDPR) of your personal data for all purposes outlined in the policy is CMutual. We can be contacted by post at 511 The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey, Dublin 7, D07 FK22, Ireland, by telephone at 01 55 33 500 or by email at
insurance@cmutual.ie
Purpose for processing your data:
To provide insurance quotations to potential clients.
To offer clients and potential client’s insurance for their needs and requirements.
To provide ongoing insurance support.
As part of our ongoing Anti-Money Laundering (AML) requirements, we have an obligation to carry out customer due diligence on each of our customers.
Why are we processing your data?  Our legal basis.
We will only process your data where we have a legal basis in accordance with data protection Law.
In order for us to provide you with our services, CMutual needs to collect personal data for the purpose of providing you with insurance quotations and incept policy cover on your instruction.
CMutual needs to process your data as this is necessary in relation to a contract of insurance to which the individual has entered into or because the individual has asked for something to be done so they can enter into a contract.
CMutual provides quotations, and policies on a range of Commercial Credit Union insurance products, for both Life and General insurance.
CMutual is committed to ensuring that the information we collect, and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
How will CMutual use the personal data it collects about me?
CMutual will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
Special Categories of personal data
If we collect any special categories of personal data (e.g. health). We will ensure that we will obtain your explicit consent prior to collecting such data.
Please note in order for us to provide some insurance quotations we must ask questions in relation to convictions and prosecutions pending.
Who are we sharing your data with?
CMutual is a regulated insurance intermediary, holding agency agreements with insurance companies to provide clients with quotations and policies of insurance. We collect data required for the provision of contract terms and this information is shared with relevant insurance companies and underwriting partners who provide the insurance premium for the risk being proposed to them.
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to CMutual in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide on your behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with CMutual procedures. In certain cases where you the client appoint a third party to act on your behalf (loss assessors for example) we will share data with them on your written request to do so.
If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your explicit consent unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
If we transfer personal data to a third party or outside the EU, we as the data controller will ensure the recipient (processor or another controller) has provided the appropriate safeguards and on condition that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for you the data subject are available.
Data Subjects Rights:
CMutual behaves in line with our data protection policy and the subject access request procedure. This is available on request. For any GDPR related queries please email
insurance@CMutual.ie
Your rights as a data subject:
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling.
Right to judicial review – in the event that CMutual refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why.
All the above requests will be forwarded on should there be a third party involved as we have indicated in the processing of your personal data.
Retention of your personal data
Data will not be held for longer than is necessary for the purpose(s) for which they were obtained. CMutual will process personal data in accordance with our retention schedule. This retention schedule has been governed by our regulatory body and our internal governance.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by CMutual or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and CMutual.
​
You may also lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission in Ireland, whose details are:
​
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Phone: + 353 765 0100/ + 353 1800 437 737
Web:
www.dataprotection.ie
Email:
info@dataprotection.ie
Failure to provide further information.
If we are asking for your data for an insurance contract/quotation and you cannot provide this data the consequences of this could mean the contract cannot be completed, quotation cannot be provided, or details are incorrect.
Contact Us
Your privacy is important to us. If you have any comments or questions regarding this statement, please contact our data protection officer on 01 55 33 500, email:
insurance@CMutual.ie
Privacy policy statement changes:
CMutual may change this privacy policy from time to time. When such a change is made, we will post a revised version online. Changes will be effective from the point at which they are posted. It is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically so you’re aware of any changes. By using our services, you agree to this privacy policy.
This privacy policy was last reviewed in January 2025
CMutual is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland with Registration No.371942 and its registered offices are at 511 The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey, Dublin 7.
Tel: 01 55 33 500 E:
insurance@CMutual.ie
​
Terms and Conditions
​
Who are we?
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland with the Central Bank reference number of C33182.
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is registered in Ireland with a registered address at 511, The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey, Dublin 7, and a registered company number of 371942.
You can find out more about us at www.cmutual.ie
Accepting our Terms of Business
This agreement, together with any separate written agreement between you and CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited (“Cmutual”), sets out the terms on which we agree to act for you when we are instructed to provide services by you. By asking us to arrange or handle your insurances you are providing your informed agreement to these terms of business.
Whose products do we offer?
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is authorised and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland as an insurance, reinsurance or ancillary insurance intermediary under the European Union (Insurance Distribution) Regulations, 2018.
We only provide products on a limited analysis of the market basis. This means that we only provide products that are created and underwritten by insurance companies with whom we have a written commercial agreement to do so.
Therefore, the products that we provide are not based on an analysis of all products available in the insurance market.
Currently we only offer products created and underwritten by the following insurance companies:
Credit Union Package of Protection (CUPOP)
General Insurance underwritten by Allianz Ireland plc
Registered in Ireland, No. 143108
Registered Office at Burlington House, Burlington Road, Dublin 4
Fidelity Bond & Directors & Officers cover underwritten by AIG Europe S.A.
Registered in Ireland No. 908876
Registered Office at 30 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1
Cyber Insurance
Underwritten by AIG Europe S.A.
Registered in Ireland No. 908876
Registered Office at 30 North Wall Quay, IFSC, Dublin 1
Underwritten by CFC Europe S.A.
Registered in Belgium, No. 0711818068
Registered Office at Levels 20&21 Bastion Tower, 5 Place du Champs de Mars,1050 Brussels
Group Life & Critical Illness Insurance Products
Underwritten by Utmost PanEurope DAC
Registered in Ireland No. 311420
Registered Office at Navan Business Park, Athlumney, Navan, Co Meath.
Underwrtten by Aviva Life and Pensions Ireland DAC
Registered in Ireland with registration number 165970
Registered office is at Building 12,Cherrywood Business Park Loughlinstown, Co. Dublin D18
W2P5.
Non-Life Insurance Products
Accident & Sickness Insurance cover underwritten by Maiden Life Försäkrings AB
Registered in Sweden No. 516406-0468
Registered Office at Klarabergsviadukten 70, Box 70396, 107 24 Stockholm, Sweden.
Involuntary Unemployment Insurance cover underwritten by Maiden General Försäkrings AB
Registered in Sweden No. 516406-1003
Registered Office at Klarabergsviadukten 70, Box 70396, 107 24 Stockholm, Sweden.
In some cases we may be granted authority from an insurance undertaking to conduct tasks on their
behalf, for which we will be remunerated. Where we place your business with this insurance
undertaking under this authority you will be notified in advance of the placement.
We will also offer assistance to you in relation to processing claims on policies taken out with us and in
seeking renewal terms on your cover.
We will not in any circumstance, guarantee the solvency of any insurer.
We can act both as agent of insurer, and on behalf of you. We have in place management controls to
deal with any conflicts of interest that might arise.
Remuneration
Remuneration is the payment earned by us for work undertaken on behalf of you and our product
providers. The amount is generally directly related to the value of the products sold and is otherwise
known as commission. Our income is generated from a combination of commissions and administration
fees for our professional services, premium management and claims management services. The level of
fee charged will be dependent on the complexity of service, seniority of staff involved, compliance
factors, and other operational considerations. Any fees charged will be inclusive within your quotation
documentation and where business is transacted. Specific policy set-up fees may be non-refundable in
the event of policy cancellation. A summary of the details of all arrangements for any fee, commission
other reward or remuneration paid or provided to us which have agreed with product providers is
available on request.
Regular Reviews
It is in your best interests that you review, on a regular basis, the products which we have arranged for
you. As your circumstances change, your needs will change which may result in you having insufficient
insurance cover.
Default for Non-Payment
Non-payment of premium and/or failure to disclose any relevant information may result in the
cancellation of your policy. You should refer to your Policy Document for further details.
Codes of Conduct
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is subject to compliance with all regulatory requirements relevant to
an Insurance Intermediary.
In particular, we must comply with the Consumer Protection Code, the Minimum Competency Code and
the Fitness and Probity Standards. These particular Codes/Standards offer protection to consumers and
further details with respect to these Codes/Standards are available from the Central Bank of Ireland
directly at www.centralbank.ie.
Disclosure of Information
It is essential that you should bring to our attention any material alteration in risk such as changes of
address or use of premises. Any failure to disclose material information may invalidate your claim and
render your policy void.
Data Protection
CMutual Services (Ireland) fully respects your right to privacy. Any personal information which you
provide to us will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in
accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988-2018.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We wish to be transparent on how we
process your data and show you that we are accountable with the GDPR in relation to not only
processing your data but ensuring you understand your rights as a client.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation on data protection and
privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It came into force across the European Union on
25 May 2018. It replaces the previous data protection directive which has been in force since 1995 and
forms the basis of our new Data Protection Irish laws (Data Protection Acts 1988-2018).
The data you supply may be used for administration purposes by CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited,
our associated companies, the insurer, our agents and the insurers’ agents. We may pass the
information to regulatory authorities, which monitors whether we are adhering to regulatory
requirements. Your data may be transferred to another country within the EEA in order to fulfil
statutory actuarial monitoring responsibilities required under Solvency II.
You have a right to request a copy of your personal information which is held by us. For more details
write to:
The Data Protection Officer
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited
511 The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey,
Dublin 7
Tel: 01-553 3500 Email: insurance@cmutual.ie
Period of Insurance
The period of insurance in respect of any Policy you hold is defined in your Policy Schedule.
Cancellation
Both you and the underwriter can cancel the Policy by providing written notice to the other in
accordance with the terms and conditions as set out in your Policy Document.
Governing Law
The laws of the Republic of Ireland will apply to your policy and the Irish Courts will have jurisdiction to
hear any dispute regarding your Policy unless otherwise stated on your Proposal Form or in your Policy
Document.
Language
Your policy and all communications with you or by you to us will be in English.
Conflicts of Interest
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited seeks to avoid any conflict of interest when providing services to
our customers. Should an unavoidable conflict of interest arise then we will advise you of the details in
writing. Where pertinent, we will request your confirmation in writing to proceed where a conflict has
been identified. A full copy of our conflicts of interest policy is available on request.
Investor Compensation Scheme
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited is a member of the Investor Compensation Company Ltd (ICCL)
Scheme established under the Investor Compensation Act 1998.
This Act provides for the establishment of a compensation scheme and to the payment in certain
circumstances, of compensation to certain clients of firms (known as eligible investors) covered by the
Act. However, you should be aware that a right to compensation will only arise where money or
investment instruments held by the firm on your behalf cannot be returned, either for the time being or
for the foreseeable future, and where the client falls within the definition of eligible investor as
contained in the Act. In the event that a right to compensation is established, the amount payable is
the lesser of 90% of the client’s loss (if recognised as being eligible for compensation) or €20,000.
CMutual Services (Ireland) Limited also holds Professional Indemnity Insurance in accordance with the
Central Bank of Ireland’s requirements.
Complaints
A full copy of our complaints procedure is available on request.
Should you not be satisfied at any time with the service you receive from CMutual Services (Ireland)
Limited, please do not hesitate to make the fact known to us. We have an internal complaints
procedure and will deal with your complaint promptly, thoroughly and in line with regulatory standards.
Complaints should be addressed to:
Compliance Manager
CMutual Services (Ireland) Ltd
511 The Capel Building, Mary’s Abbey, Dublin 7
Dublin 7
Tel: 01-553 3500 Email: insurance@cmutual.ie
We will acknowledge your complaint in writing within 5 business days of receipt and will provide an
update on the progress at regular intervals of not greater than 20 business days. We endeavour to
resolve all complaints within 40 business days however if we have not resolved your complaint within
40 business days, we will inform you of the anticipated timeframe within which we hope to have your
complaint resolved. If you dissatisfied with the handling/outcome of your complaint, you may refer
same to the Financial Services and Pension Ombudsman:
The Financial Services and Pension Ombudsman
3rd Floor, Lincoln House
Lincoln Place
Dublin 2
Tel: 01 567 7000
E-mail: info@fspo.ie
Webpage: www.fspo.ie
General
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity
of the other provisions of these Terms and the remainder of the provision in question will not be
affected.
These Terms shall be governed by the law of the Republic of Ireland and the parties agree herewith
that any dispute arising out of it shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the relevant court.
These Terms supersede all proposals, prior discussions and representations (whether oral or written)
between us relating to our appointment as your agent in connection with the arranging and
administration of your insurance. These Terms constitute an offer by us to act on your behalf in the
arranging and administration of your insurance.
Effective Date
This document is effective from
October 2024
until further notice. This version supersedes all
previous versions.
​
​
C
ookie Policy
​
We use Cookies to give you the best online experience. We don’t do any funny stuff. If you’re happy to continue, we’ll assume that you’re happy with our policy, what we’re using and tracking and how we use this information to better inform you.
This Cookies Policy (together with our
Terms of Business
and
Privacy Statement
)
sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we treat it.
You can find out a lot more about how Peopl. ensures that your information is kept safe and secure and used to try make your time with us a better use of your time.
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy and information you share with us. Our commitment is to treat it securely, fairly and lawfully.
We’ll be clear and open about what we’re collecting and why we collect it. We’ll be upfront about how we’ll use this information and will do our best to explain what we intend to do with it.
Our website will use cookies and other similar technologies to collect anonymous information to greatly improve your experience with us, making it faster, easier and more helpful. It also allows us to do other things, such as
To remember your preferences
Let you move between pages smoothly and efficiently
Make our website better
Improve the speed, efficiency and accuracy of our website and quote journey
Help us to arrange questions, content and other information to match your preferred interests
To Collect statistical information for analysis by us, and some of our partners so that we can better serve you
With your permission we will also collect information about you and your quotation journey including information on the products you enquire about or buy from us to:
Help us address your questions and queries and to carry out your instructions when you need us to
Verify you as a user, or a loyal visitor, and carry out other essential security checks, when appropriate
Remember how far you’ve progressed with our quotation and contact you if you need our help in completing and getting a quotation with us
To contact/inform you regarding our offers, products and services
Supply you with appropriate messaging, information and sometimes advertising that is tailored to you when you are visiting our Credit Union partners website, our website or other websites that promote our products (retargeting cookies)
Track the effectiveness of our online marketing activity
What are cookies and what other technologies will we use?
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer, just like an image or a web page file. The difference with a cookie is that it contains information which allows a website to identify you as you click from one page to the next, or when you return to the website. It can also be used to allow personalisation of a website. The cookies used, and the information held within them have no personal information and cannot be used to identify you as a person. For this reason, we consider our cookies to be completely non-intrusive. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website and could prevent you from completing some purchases through our site.
We may partner with or receive services from third parties which you can visit from our website. We may also embed external content and features from such third parties within our website (e.g. social media networks such as LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter). We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
​
Cookie Policy
The cookies we use do not contain any sensitive information such as your name, address or any payment details. Sensitive information which you choose to provide to us as part of the quotation process is stored securely and is not collected in the form of a cookie. Only information which is relevant to your visit to our website is stored in the form of a cookie, for example if you have visited our site previously. We use Google Analytics cookie (__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz) to help us understand how our customers interact with our website and we use this information to continue to improve the user friendliness of our website.
Types of Cookies
Necessary cookies:
These are used to manage your website visit, they provide features such as encryption for data and user login plus e-commerce shopping cart choices.
​
Analytical cookies:
These cookies track user statistical visit data such as country, browser type and pages visited. We currently use Facebook Pixels and Google Tags to analyze the users interactions on our website and web journeys.
​
Targeting cookies:
These cookies remember which features or advertisementss you were presented with and can display the same or related content to provide you with a content that may be of more interest to you. Facebook Pixels are used to target users who have been on our site and credit union websites to target users who have previously shown interest in Peopl.ie.
​
Functionality cookies:
These cookies allow your browser to operate more effectively i.e. your language choice or menu preferences. They can also be used to provide services you request, such as viewing videos or social media integration.
​
Disabling cookies:
If you wish to, all browsers have the ability to restrict or completely disallow cookies. You may find your internet experience is disrupted if you do this, but it is entirely within your control. If you wish to change your cookie settings, the following website provides useful information:
www.aboutcookies.org
​
​
CONTACT US
​
If you have any questions concerning your privacy, please contact us at:
Dublin Office
​
511 The Capel Building,
Mary's Abbey,
Dublin 7,
Ireland D07FK22
Phone: +353 1 5533500
e-mail:
insurance@cmutual.ie
​
​
​
​
​
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
COOKIES
bottom of page