micro:bit and AI
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: 0d7628f1bdf39fe65439bf45251487e8
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organisation – notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalised offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilise and, in the domain that placed the cookie, can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalised ads and analyse site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organisation, such as a business or school, that utilises Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organisation, please see the
Products provided by your organisation
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features such as personalisation that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organisation’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365 or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organisation, such as a business or school, that utilises Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organisation, please see the
Products provided by your organisation
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features such as personalisation that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first name and surname, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licences and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device and the products you use related to your help enquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favourites
. Data about your interests and favourites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track or cities you add to track things such as weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favourites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people and organisations, such as types of engagement (e.g. likes, dislikes, events) related to people and organisations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postcode level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalise our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analysing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent and personalised experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalise our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analysing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalised app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programmes and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritise, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalisation
. Many products include personalised features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalised features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organisations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the US National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximise your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, post and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyse data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyse our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licences to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorised. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain US state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalised advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorised. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organisation you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organisation to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organisation to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organisations and the public – for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent and combat harmful or illegal behaviour, including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalised advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalised advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls and post from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organisation, such as your employer, school or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organisation to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Centre (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Centre website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, post and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional emails, telephone calls and post by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and viewing your
communication permissions,
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programmes and activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalised advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honouring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign-in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analysing how our products perform and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honour your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyse how our products perform and fulfil other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postcode to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalisation and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postcode, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third-party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behaviour. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organisation – notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organisation you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organisation can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organisations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organisation provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organisation’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy enquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organisation’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organisation, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organisation. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organisation and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organisation, please contact your organisation. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organisation as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorised educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioural targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorised educational or school purposes or as authorised by the parent, guardian or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favourites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalisation and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organisation (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organisation, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favourites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalisation, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organisation (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organisation, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalisation, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third-party can display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third-party or its vendors (e.g. payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfil your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses and relevant contact information). The third-party can use or share the data it receives when you sign-in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organisation. If required by your organisation, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organisation, you may also use your work or school account to sign-in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organisation and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organisation’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organisation’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organisation to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign-in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organisation, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organisation is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy enquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organisation.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13, or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorisation from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorisation has been granted, the child’s account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13, or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorisation from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorisation has been granted, the child’s account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign-in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organiser in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternative email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorised or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organiser of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centres in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data centre in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) programme, and to view our certification, please
visit the US Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to co-operate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalised. We will update our processes, disclosures and this notice as these implementing rules are finalised, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilises your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable US state laws, for personalised advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalised advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as being under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalised advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalised advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practises, and our
US State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalised advertising purposes under applicable US state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share” and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalised advertising purposes on third-party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorised agent. If you use an authorised agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalised ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalised advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalised advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalise our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfil orders; help, secure and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalise and activate our products; customer support; help, secure and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalise our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfil requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organisations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalised advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalised ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favourites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about cars, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learnt about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favourites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalised advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalised advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalised advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalised advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalised advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practises and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programmes:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalised advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache/migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep and vision/eye care. We will also personalise ads based on customised, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalised advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalised advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable US state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalised advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company’s practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalised advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g. “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalise the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g. “summarise this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimises data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customisation features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organisations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 and Microsoft Intune for which an organisation (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Centre, Azure Stack and open source software such as Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organisation, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalise the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organisations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 and Microsoft Intune for which an organisation (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Centre, Azure Stack and open source software such as Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organisation, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalise the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA)
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modelling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party enquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimise your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organisation’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorised partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorise Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organisation, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organisation, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organisation, the service syncs some of your customised settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customised settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyse your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyse content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be greyed out, or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyses your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licences. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content – for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customisable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features such as chat, web search, voice search and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organise daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalised experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalised news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronised across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your postcode.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen set-ups with Microsoft Launcher’s back-up and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers or login information, and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organisation in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronisation process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organisations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organisations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organisation’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy enquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organisation’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organisation’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organisation's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalised experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and customise roaming settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorisation code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalised filtering of less important email, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organisation (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organisational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronisation process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analysed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorisations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things, such as search for news, play games and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports mobile and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your username, email address or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practises. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programmes described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarising from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement programme for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Programme, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Programme to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Programme at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Programme after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalisation through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalisation features to customise your interests, favourites and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalisation settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favourites, downloads, history, extensions and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favourites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address and phone number), passwords, payment information and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalise or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalise Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services such as ads, search, shopping and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favourites, usage data, web content and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalised ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, you will continue to receive personalised web experiences such as search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favourites, usage and other browsing data to personalise Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services such as ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognise an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser’s service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalised experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalisation
or
Share info about websites that you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognise an individual user on a device and understand the browser’s service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalise or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers – Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalise your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Customised Translator and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalised auto-correction and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalised language model. This model is an optimised view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognised as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign in to your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data and model data to analyse service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronised with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronisation and back up. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalised computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software programme on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organisation (such as your employer or school), your organisation may use centralised management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organisation or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organisation may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings and personalise various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customisation: You can personalise various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customise your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including WiFi, Ethernet, mobile and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports mobile.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalised computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software programme on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organisation (such as your employer or school), your organisation may use centralised management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organisation or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organisation may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings and personalise various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customisation: You can personalise various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customise your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including WiFi, Ethernet, mobile and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports mobile.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your licence to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your licence. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalised experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognise an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organisation (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrols your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organisation. If an organisation uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organisation will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organisation, and for other purposes of the organisation.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider Programme.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programmes are launched on a device, how long they run and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimises the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalised offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalised offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalised tips, ads and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalised offers include suggestions on how to customise and optimise Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalised offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalise offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalise offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalise offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing or inking input data for personalising offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalise offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalised search, ads and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations and promotions to provide and improve the personalised offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalise offers, you can visit your
Personalised ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalise offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalised offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalise tips, ads and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalise offers by visiting your
Personalised ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalised offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalise offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalised offers applies to tips, offers, ads and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalised offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalised offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalised offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalised tips, ads and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalisation is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalisation is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing or inking input data for personalisation when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognise an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customise and optimise Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customise your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first-party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign-in to Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organisation (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign in to Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organisation. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organisation’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin centre by your organisation’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case. Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organisation’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, WiFi or mobile modem) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy, even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using mobile service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postcode or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorisations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your device and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialled within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel and Word directly from your device. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognised, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios such as opening and switching between apps, browsing the web and reading and authoring email. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognise speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalisation
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a customised word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalisation at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your customised word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalisation in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows back up and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favourites, downloads and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favourites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favourites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address and phone number) and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyse screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g. snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organised chronologically and visualised in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and back up settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organise, view and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favourites tab lets you view photos and videos that you have previously liked or favourited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organise, view and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organise your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organise your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as username and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organisation (such as a company email address), the owner of the organisational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognise your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID and Country (coarse location determined by Mobile Network ID or WiFi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimise cache, stop or recover from unauthorised changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through customised block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan”, you can help us optimise the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft when you block pop-up windows using customised block. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organise, view and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognise the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organisers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorised or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customise your interests and favourites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalisation through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your customised settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 1
https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/?_ga=2.12563446.33105260.1518007807-2033285060.1518007807:
Privacy
Cookie Policy
Data hosting
TOMs
Sub-processors
Freshworks Privacy Notice
Effective Date
February, 5th 2025
For prior version, please click
here
Freshworks is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice (“
Notice
”) describes how Freshworks processes personal data in connection with our business, including the provision of our website at (
https://www.freshworks.com/
) (“
Website
”) and our Services.
This Notice explains Freshworks’ approach to any Personal Data that we might collect from you, or which we have obtained about you from a third party, and the purposes for which we process your Personal Data in our capacity as a Controller (i.e. when Freshworks determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data). It also describes your rights in respect of our processing of your Personal Data.
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
While processing the Personal Data we comply with the principles and rules of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) and to the rights of EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals.
By transferring Personal Data to a third party where Freshworks is acting as a controller, we have the full responsibility that the processing of a third party as a processor takes place under the DPF Principles. Freshworks shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its processors process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Freshworks proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
This Notice only applies to the use of your Personal Data by us or on our behalf. It does not apply to:
Personal Data collected by third parties during your communications/dealings with those third parties or your use of their products or services (for example, where you follow links to third party websites over which we have no control).
Personal Data processed, stored or hosted by us when we act as a Processor on behalf of our Customers in the course of providing our Services, in which case the privacy statement of the relevant Customer will apply, and our data processing agreement with such Customer will govern our processing of your Personal Data.
DEFINITIONS
The capitalized terms used in this Notice are defined in Annex 1.
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Notice, you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT?
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
9. BRAZILIAN GENERAL DATA PROTECTION LAW (LGPD)
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
13. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
16. AMENDMENTS
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER?
The Website and our Services are made available by various companies in the Freshworks group of companies (each a “
Group Company
”).
Where this Privacy Notice refers to “
Freshworks
”, “
we
”, “
us
, “
our
”, this means one or more of the particular Group Companies that provide the particular Website, Mobile Application, Newsletter or Services to you, recruits you, uses testimonials from you, sends marketing communications to you, hosts an event you visit, or organizes a program in which you participate.For the purposes of the GDPR and LGPD, the following Group Companies act as a data controller when the processing of your Personal Data is governed by the requirements of the GDPR or LGPD.
Location: United States
Freshworks Inc.
(company no: 4861858) is a company established under the laws of Delaware with its registered office at 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, Delaware 19958, USA and its principal business address can be found
here
.
Location: Germany
Freshworks GmbH
(company no: HRB 176669 B) is a company established under the laws of Germany and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: Netherlands
Freshworks Technologies B.V. (company no: 73582166) is a company established under the laws of the Netherlands and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: France
Freshworks SAS (company no: 842815581) is a company established under the laws of France and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: United Kingdom
Freshworks Technologies UK Limited (company no: 09338697) is a company established under the laws of England and Wales and its registered office address can be found
here
.
Location: India
Freshworks Technologies Private Limited (company no: U72200TN2010PTC078458) is a company established under the laws of India with its registered office at Module - 1 & 2, 1st Floor, Block B, No 40, Global Infocity Park, MGR Salai, Perungudi Chennai – 600096, Tamil Nadu, India
here
.
2. WHO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ABOUT
We collect, process and store Personal Data about the following people:
Website visitors: If you browse our Website or contact us via our Website (Contact Sales) we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your interaction with us and our Website.
Users of our Services: If you use our Services, whether it is through our Website or our Mobile Applications, we will process your Personal Data for certain data analytics purposes and in order to offer, deliver and improve our Services.
Visitors to our Offices: If you visit our office, we may process Personal Data about you that you volunteer in connection with your visit and any enquiries you make. For example, you may volunteer Personal Data when signing in as a guest. CCTV footage may also be collected for security purposes.
Recipients of marketing communications from us: If you are a potential lead or existing customer, we may process Personal Data about you in order to send you marketing communications.
Event attendees: If you register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars or contests hosted by us we will process Personal Data about you in connection with your attendance at the event. For example, we may ask you to complete a registration or feedback form, or other documents relating to the event.
Personnel that work for our Customers, partners and suppliers (including subcontractors and personnel who work for us as freelancers or contractors). If you (or your organization) are:
in receipt of services from us;
supply products or services to us; or
otherwise partner with us;
We may collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with our provision of those Services to you, our receipt of those Services from you and/or our partnership. This may include Personal Data included in any email or telephone communications or recorded on any document relating to an order for the Services.
Job applicants: If you apply for a job with us, whether through our Website or otherwise, we will collect, process and store your Personal Data in connection with your application.
Shareholders: If you are a shareholder of our Group Companies, we will process your personal data in relation to your investment and for our reporting obligations.
We also make available a Market Place platform where individuals can download applications developed by Freshworks or by third parties (the “
Applications
”). This Notice will apply to our processing of your Personal Data during your use of the Applications when the Applications are provided by us, and the Application shall include a link to this Notice. When Applications are provided by a third party, the privacy statement of the relevant third party will apply.
Hosted Data
Some of our Services include processing of data on behalf of our Customers in relation to applications, tools or software that we provide (“
Hosted Data
”). Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the data controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing. If you believe your Personal Data is being processed by us in this way, you should refer to the privacy notice of the data controller on whose behalf we are acting.
3. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON?
WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
A) Personal Data we collect directly from you (“Collected Data”)
Purpose: providing you with the Services.
We may use, retain and process your Personal Data for the following purposes when providing our Services:
to provide the Services.
to administer your account (including when you subscribe and sign-up to any of our Services)
to assess the needs of your business to suggest suitable Services and respond to service requests, questions or concerns.
to facilitate your transactions with other users when you use our Services.
to prevent or respond to any misuse of our Services or Applications or any violations of our Terms and any applicable laws.
to collect subscription fees.
The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, IP address, geographic location, or phone number of the Account admin;
billing information, such as credit card number and billing address details about payments made between you and us; details of Services purchased from us;
name and e-mail address when Account admin/Agent(s) provide feedback from within the Service(s);
unique identifiers, such as username, account number or password
your feedback and survey responses; and
the content of any messages you send us, including, without limitation, messages transmitted via the Services, email, telephone, or via the Website (including web-based chat interfaces).
We process your Personal Data for these purposes based on our legitimate interests or a third party’s legitimate interest to ensure we provide our Services in an effective, safe and efficient way. Where we process your Personal Data to administer your account, or to the extent necessary to collect your subscription fees, we do so for the purposes of our contract with you.
Purpose: Recruitment, Freshworks Careers
. When you apply for an open position by either populating the application form, by email or by hard copy and whether submitted directly by you or by a third-party recruitment agency on your behalf, we will use such data to evaluate you for the open position that you have applied for or any position that we consider you suitable for at the time you submit your resume (application?) or at any later date. For the purposes of evaluating you for an open position, you understand that we may internally rate you based on parts of your resume (application?) and your information. If you do not wish to be rated by us, please do not provide us your information. The data processed includes:
contact information, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and (subject to local laws) links to your social networking profiles;
any other information you volunteer, including during any interview or your interactions with us and contained in the resume that you submit to us;
personal data obtained from any third parties we work with in relation to our recruitment activities, including without limitation (and subject to local laws), recruitment agencies, background check providers, credit reference agencies and your referees; and
details of your education, qualifications and employment history, any other personal data which is contained in any reference about you that we receive. Such information may also include special categories of personal data (such as information about your health, any medical conditions and your health and sickness records) and information relating to criminal convictions and offences (only if that information is relevant to the role you are applying for and subject to local laws).
Subject to local laws, we may also use your personal data for the purpose of reviewing our equal opportunity profile in accordance with applicable legislation. We do not discriminate on the grounds of gender, race, ethnic origin, age, religion, sexual orientation, disability or any other basis covered by local legislation. All employment-related decisions are made entirely on merit. We will retain data from applications for a limited period for record keeping and legal (or, subject to local law, regulatory) purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with recruitment, it will be in connection with us taking steps at your request to enter into a contract we may have with you or it is in our legitimate interest to use personal data in such a way to ensure that we can make the best recruitment decisions. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Freshworks hosting or managing Events and programs.
From time to time, we may organize and host events for the purpose of promoting our business or other reasons.
The data processed includes:
We may process your name, email address, designation and company name to communicate with you about such events where you have specifically requested information about such events or where we have another lawful basis for sending that information to you.
When you attend an event conducted by Freshworks, including webinars or seminars, we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address, phone number, designation and company name to record your attendance at the event and for related record-keeping purposes.
If you attend any user conferences hosted by us at a physical location where we serve food and other refreshments, we collect information about your food preferences and allergies.
You may also feature in photographs taken at our events and such photographs may appear in publications that we make available.
When you register for any of our programs through a registration form on our Site, we may collect information such as your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you where you have signed up to attend an event, or it is in our legitimate interest or a third party’s legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that the event is operated in a secure and effective way. We may specifically ask your permission to use your photographs, quotes, testimonials, or other content that you make available or publish at the event. Where this is the case, our processing of such Personal Data will be based on consent (or, if we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, on the performance of said contract)
Purpose: Prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions.
From time to time, we may run prize draws, prize competitions and other promotions on our Site and/or on our social media accounts.
The data processed includes:
For the purposes of administering such promotions, we may process:
your name, e-mail address, company name, designation, company website URL, IP address, location and contact information, banking details;
information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services; and
any other personal data volunteered by you or that we ask for in relation to your promotion entry.
Our promotions are subject to separate terms and conditions, which you may be required to accept as a condition of entry.
It is necessary for us to use your personal data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you (e.g. the promotion terms and conditions) or it is in our legitimate interest to use your personal data to enable us to administer our promotion fairly and effectively and to ensure that we comply with self-regulatory codes governing the operation of promotions.
Purpose: Participation in Public forums, Community platform, Forms and use of your statements for testimonials.
When you visit or register our publicly accessible community forums and blogs or submit any forms on our Site, you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. The data processed includes:
contact information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number;
information about your business, such as company name, company size, business type; and
a short bio about you to identify you as the author of the post.
We may post your testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain your Personal Data. Where we use your content in connection with Services that we provide via our Website, it is in our legitimate interest to use any Personal Data that you provide to us to ensure that we provide the relevant Services in an effective way. Prior to posting the testimonial, we will obtain your consent to post your name along with the testimonial. If you do not consent, we are only allowed to use the testimonial in a fully anonymized way. If you want to revoke your consent and your testimonial to be removed, please contact us at support@freshworks.com. If we enter into a contract with you for this purpose, our legal basis may be the performance of said contract.
Purpose: Newsletters.
When you actively subscribe to our newsletters, we collect and store your e-mail address to share our newsletters with you.
If you have requested content from us, i.e. a newsletter, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we process your request in an effective way.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - sending marketing communications by post and/or email.
The data processed includes: We use your name, email address, job title; and organization that you represent, social media handle and details of any marketing preferences that you have communicated to us to send you (or the organization you represent) marketing communications by post and/or email. Our marketing will include press releases and information about us, our Website and our Services, any events we may hold and any offers or promotions we offer from time to time. Our marketing communications will include personalized and non-personalized marketing. Personalized marketing has been specifically tailored to you and will include content that we think is most relevant to you, based on what we know about you. We may use technology to do this, but generally all our marketing methods involve human intervention. Non-personalized marketing is marketing that is not tailored to you. Where we are sending you personalized marketing, we may also use other types of Personal Data to help us decide what sort of personalized marketing to send you (please see the “Cookies and Similar Technologies”, “Usage Data” and “Mobile Applications” sections below for more details).
In the UK, EU and Brazil we will rely on your consent when sending marketing communications. Otherwise, it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data for marketing purposes, for example to decide what marketing content we think may appeal to you or for postal or email marketing (except where we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent).
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads: Online personalized marketing. The data processed includes:
We and our third party partners may use your data relating to your behaviors, interests and preferences, including data collected as a result of your browsing activity and/or interaction with our Website and/or our emails, which is obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started, IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation, any other unique numbers assigned to a device and other data that is collected through your interactions with third party websites and services to provide you with, and analyze the effectiveness of, personalized ads when you visit other websites and/or use other services (including the social media and other platforms described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section. By “personalized ads”, we mean advertisements for services that you have shown an interest in when you have used our Website or which we or our partners otherwise think you might be interested in based on your browsing habits. Note, our third-party partners may also use the data that is collected to show personalized ads for products and services offered by third parties.
Please see the “
Cookies and Similar technologies
” section to learn about the legal basis that we rely on to collect data via the use of cookies. https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/ Where we use your personal data to display online personal advertising to you, we rely on the consent that you have provided in respect of the collection of such data, or, subject to local law, it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to promote our Website and our Services to you.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to you on social media and other platforms.
We share your email address and other identifiers such as your phone number or device ID (usually in an encrypted or ‘hashed’ form) with third-party providers of social media platforms and other services, such as [Facebook, LinkedIn] and other similar platforms (“
Social Platforms
”), so that the third party providers can try to “match” your data with the data of their registered users of their Social Platforms. Where there is a successful match, we will display our advertising to you when you use the relevant Social Platform (e.g. on your Facebook newsfeed). This is known as “custom audience” advertising, because we “customize” the audience that we want to reach on the relevant service. Some of the advertising that you see may be personalized to you.
The data that we use to personalize our advertising, will include:
Data relating to your browsing activity or interaction with our emails, obtained through the use of cookies, pixel tags and other similar technologies; information about when your current or previous sessions started; details about any products you viewed through the Site; and
IP address; browser type and operating system; geolocation; any other unique numbers assigned to a device.
Such data used to personalize advertising will not be provided to the third-party providers of the Social Platforms for this purpose but please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section for details of where we may share such data. This activity is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such Social Platforms.
We will only share your Personal Data with the third-party providers of the Social Platforms, so that we can advertise our Services to you when you use those Social Platforms, where you have provided your consent or where it is otherwise in our legitimate interests to do so in order to promote our Services. Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on. You can opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with the third-party providers by exercising your
rights as a data subject
as set out below.
Purpose: Advertising and marketing to our Customers and prospective leads - advertising to other people who share similar interests and characteristics to you (or if you are someone that sees such advertising).
We will provide your Personal Data to third-party providers of Social Platforms as described in the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” and the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” sections. If you are a user of those Social Platforms, we may ask the third-party providers of those Social Platforms to find other registered users of their services who share similar interests and characteristics to you, which will be based on information that the third party holds about you and its other registered users. This is known as “lookalike” audience advertising because we are trying to show our advertising to people who “look like” you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, please note that this activity is based on data that you have provided to the Social Platform (which we do not receive) and is also subject to the privacy choices you have elected to make on such third-party services.
Please see the “
advertising to you on social media and other platforms
” section for details of the lawful basis that we rely on to share your personal data with the Social Platforms. It is in our legitimate interests to further use your Personal Data to advertise our Services to other individuals that use those Social Platforms and who share similar interests and characteristics with you. If you are someone who has seen this advertising on a Social Platform, it is in our legitimate interests that the Social Platform uses the data that you have provided to it to advertise our Services, although please note that we do not receive this data and you should exercise your rights in respect of such data in accordance with the privacy notice of the relevant Social Platform.
Purpose: Service Analytics.
We perform analytics on Personal Data that we process in order to: provide the Services, assess the needs of our Customer’s business to determine or suggest suitable Service(s); send Customers requested information about the Service(s) and improve the quality of this information; respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns and improve the quality of these responses; and for product improvement purposes. The data processed includes: Email addresses; mobile or landline telephone numbers; IP address; chat identifiers and chat content (including the contents of chatbot sessions); widgets. As set out above we are generally not a data controller of any Hosted Data – i.e. data which we process on behalf of our customers.  However, some Hosted Data may be used as part of our analytics for the above purposes.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data in this way to fulfil our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you to provide our Services. It is also in our legitimate interests to process Personal Data in this way in order to perform analytics, train our algorithms, improve, enhance, develop, support and operate the Services and its availability, compile statistical reports and record insights into usage patterns, develop new products and services using machine learning technologies and more generally to better serve our Customers and be able to provide customized content and features.
Purpose: Cookies and Similar Technologies, Mobile Applications, Usage Data, Single Sign on and Social Media.
We use commonly used tools to automatically collect information that may contain Personal Data from your computer or mobile device as you visit our Websites, use our application or in general use our Services.
a) Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and our third-party advertising partners use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies (which we generically refer to as ‘cookies’) to collect data from the devices that you use to access our Website. Data collected via these cookies are used for the purposes of:
analyzing trends;
administering the Website;
to count users who have visited our Site and collect other types of information including insights about visitors’ browsing habits on the Websites;
gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole;
to learn what parts of our Website are most popular and what kind of features and functionalities our visitors like to see;
to help us understand the type of marketing content that is most likely to appeal to our visitors and Customers; and
to help us with the selection of future product and service lines, website design and to remember your preferences.
We may receive reports from third party companies based on the use of these technologies on an individual and aggregated basis. Most web browsers support cookies and users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Websites and Services. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our Websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other data we collect about you. Please see our
Cookies Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further information about our use of Cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
Where your data is collected through the use of non-essential cookies, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details.
b) Mobile Applications.
When you download, install and use our Mobile Applications, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “UDID”). We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This Software may record certain information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal data you submit within Mobile Applications. When you open the Mobile Applications for the first time, you may be asked for permission to send you push notifications. If you allow this feature, our Mobile Applications will send you push notifications, for example, reminders, alerts, updates and other information. You can configure and turn off push notifications via your device settings at any time.
Mobile Applications:
Functionality: It is in our legitimate interest to use the data collected here in order to send error messages (if applicable) and in order to secure our Mobile Applications and to detect and resolve errors and cyberattacks. Mobile Analytics: Where we use mobile analytics software to understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone, we rely on our legitimate interests in order to secure our Mobile Applications and ensure the proper functioning of our Mobile Applications and ensure the effective provision of our Services. Where this involves the use of cookies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
Push notifications: In the UK, EU and Brazil, where we send push notifications about any events or promotions that we may be running and/or update you about new features to our Services we will do so on the basis of your consent. Otherwise, we will rely on our legitimate interests in doing so.
c) Usage Data.
In addition to the information mentioned in the
Cookies and Similar Technologies
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
section above that we automatically collect, we also collect clicks, scrolls, conversion and drop-off on our Websites and Service(s) to monitor user journey in real-time (“
Usage Data
”). Subject to this Notice, we will use such Usage Data and Customer data, including without limitation, to (i) assess the needs of your business to determine or suggest suitable Services; (ii) send you requested information about the Services; (iii) respond to customer service requests, questions and concerns; (iv) for any analytical purposes; and (v) to provide and improves the Services.
For Freshcaller users only: your calls will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech.
For Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer customers: you will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within these products.
For FreshworksCRM users only: Your calls made using FreshworksCRM will be recorded, subject to the consent of both parties to the call, and this recording will be used for product improvement, including to train our applications to better recognize human speech. You will have the option to opt out of analytics or tracking certain events from within FreshworksCRM.
Analytics opt-out for products other than Freshchat, Freshworks and Freshmarketer: Customers may opt-out of analytics by writing to
dpo@freshworks.com.
Usage Data:
We will rely on our legitimate interests to process Usage Data for the purposes outlined, except for call recording which we base on consent exclusively. Where Usage Data is collected via cookies or similar technologies, please see the “
Cookies and Similar Technologies
” section) to learn about the legal basis that we rely on.
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
d) Single sign-on.
You can log in to our Websites using sign-in services such as Google, Facebook Connect and LinkedIn. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data with us such as your name and e-mail address. Services like Google, Facebook Connect, Twitter, LinkedIn give you the option to post information about your activities on our Websites to your profile page and to share information with others within your network.
Single sign on:
Where you have opted to use single sign on – it is in our legitimate interest to process your Personal Data in order to facilitate the single sign on function.
e) Social media features and third-party cookies
. Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs. Where you interact with these features, those third parties may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Websites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the company providing them. If the widget is shown on our Websites, our Privacy Notice applies.  Please see our
Cookies Policy
for further information. If you provide us or our service providers with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, including End-User data or your employee’s data, you represent that you have the authority to do so and acknowledge that it will be used in accordance with this Notice.
Social media features:
Where this activity is undertaken through the use of Cookies on our Website, we rely on consent to collect your personal data and for the onward processing purpose. Please see our Cookie Policy
https://www.freshworks.com/list-of-cookies/
for further details. Where we use social media features, we do so in line with the terms and conditions of those providers.
Purpose: Business administration and legal compliance.
We may use your Personal Data to: a) respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements; b) when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, police request or other legal process served on us; c) to protect the rights of third parties; and d) in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganization, acquisition by another company, or sale of any of our assets.
Where we use your Personal Data in connection with a business transition, to enforce our legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties, it is in our legitimate interest to do so. For all other purposes described in this section, we have a legal obligation to use your Personal Data to comply with any legal obligations imposed upon us, such as a court order. In some jurisdictions the applicable legal basis will be the exercise of legal rights in judicial, administrative or arbitration proceedings. We will not process any special (or sensitive) categories of Personal Data or Personal Data relating to criminal convictions or offences except where we are able to do so under applicable legislation and/ or with your explicit consent.
Purpose: Receipt of products and services from our suppliers.
If we have engaged you or the organization you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organization you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your Personal Data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organization you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organization you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others.
The data processed includes:
The Personal Data we collect from you may include your name, email address, telephone number, designation, billing address and any other personal data you volunteer which is relevant to our relationship with you or the organization you represent.
It is necessary for us to use your Personal Data to perform our obligations in accordance with any contract that we may have with you or the organization you represent, or it is in our legitimate interest to use Personal Data in such a way to ensure that we have an effective working relationship with you or the organization you represent and are able to receive the products and services that you or your organization provides, and provide our Services to others, in an effective way.
Purpose: Security.
We may process your Personal Data in connection with the administration of our security measures. We have security measures in place at our premises, including CCTV and building access controls. There are signs in place showing that CCTV is in operation. The images captured are securely stored and only accessed on a need to know basis (e.g. to look into an incident). CCTV recordings are typically automatically overwritten after a short period of time unless an issue is identified that requires investigation (such as a theft). We may require visitors to our premises to sign in on arrival and where that is the case we will keep a record of visitors for a short period of time – normally only for as long as is necessary for legitimate security purposes. Our visitor records are securely stored and only accessible on a need-to-know basis (e.g. to look into an incident).
It is in our legitimate interests to process your Personal Data so that we can keep our premises secure and provide a safe environment for our personnel and visitors.
What Personal Data we collect and how we use your Personal Data?
What legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data?
B) Information that we collect from third parties.
From time to time, we may receive Personal Data about you from third party sources like databases and social media but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent to or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. The types of information we obtain from such third parties include your name, e-mail address, postal address, location, designation, telephone number and we use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve customer support experience, improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you and for our sales and marketing purposes.
When processing your Personal Data received by third parties for these purposes, we will rely on the consent that you have given such third party to share data with us. Otherwise, subject to local law, our processing activities will rely on our legitimate interests to improve our customer service and ensure our marketing databases are accurate.
4. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?
We process Personal Data in the countries in which we are established, including the United States, the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in other countries where third parties that we may use are based.
You may refer to the Freshworks Data Hosting page
here
for more information about the locations in which the Hosted Data (i.e., that which we process as a Processor during the provision of our Services) is stored.
When processing your Personal Data, we may need to share it with other third parties (including other entities within our Group Companies), as set out below. This list is non-exhaustive and there may be circumstances where we need to share Personal Data with other third parties:
With third parties assisting Freshworks in providing our Customers with the Service(s) (“
Sub-Processors
" listed
here
). Our Sub-Processors are given access to Customers’ Account and Customer data only as reasonably necessary to provide the Service(s) and will be subject to confidentiality obligations in their service agreements;
With third party service providers providing us with services, such as research and analytics, anti-spamming and anti-phishing services, marketing and data enrichment or for them to reach out to you on our behalf;
With third party payment processors who process your credit card and other payment information for Freshworks but who are otherwise not permitted to store, retain or use such information;
With third party partners for the purpose of assisting us in onboarding you and providing any further support needed to use our Services;
With sponsors of contests for which you register;
With third-party service providers that are assisting us with the operation and administration of events. If we are running an event in partnership with other organizations, we will share your Personal Data with such organizations for use in relation to the event;
With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites;
With external recruiters, and related organizations such as third-party providers that undertake employee background checks on our behalf and on behalf of other entities within our Group Companies;
With auditors, lawyers, accountants and other professional advisers who advise and assist us in relation to the lawful and effective management of our organization and in relation to any disputes we may become involved in;
Law enforcement or other government and regulatory agencies and bodies or other third parties as required by, and in accordance with, applicable law or regulation;
With Affiliates within Freshworks and companies that we will acquire in the future when they are made part of the Freshworks group – this may be for customer support, marketing, technical operations, account management or organizational purposes and to provide, enhance and improve the Services;
If we are involved in a merger, reorganization or other fundamental corporate change with a third party, or sell/buy a business unit to/from a third party, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party, with such third party including at the due diligence stage;
Other third parties - Occasionally, we may receive requests from third parties with authority to obtain disclosure of Personal Data, such as to check that we are complying with applicable law and regulation, to investigate an alleged crime, or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights. We will only fulfil requests for Personal Data where we are permitted to do so in accordance with applicable law or regulation.
When you connect your Gmail mailbox with your Freshworks Account (see section 14 (Google API Disclosure) below).
Where necessary (such as when we transfer data to service providers) we put in place appropriate contractual arrangements and security mechanisms to protect the Personal Data shared and to comply with our data protection, confidentiality and security standards and obligations. Further details can be provided upon request.
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF DATA
Freshworks complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Freshworks has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Model Clauses:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the UK and/or European Authorities which give Personal Data the same protection it has in the UK and the EEA. For further details, see
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data- transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
.
This is true whether or not the transfer is within our group, or to a third party.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred to the United States, Freshworks is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
With respect to Personal Data subject to LGPD’s jurisdiction, Freshworks will also accomplish LGPD’s requirements for transfers of Personal Data to countries which do not have the same data protection laws.
In certain situations, Freshworks. and/or its Group Companies may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S. Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
6. HOW DOES FRESHWORKS KEEP PERSONAL DATA SECURE?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data that we collect and process. We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the Personal Data under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. In addition, all our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your Personal Data on our behalf) are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the Personal Data of all users of our Website and those who purchase our Services. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data.
While information security risks are always evolving, so are the controls. The controls, so implemented, are periodically reviewed as part of internal and external audits. If you have questions about the security of your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18.
7. EEA, UK AND SWISS SPECIFIC RIGHTS
A) Collected Data (excluding Hosted Data)
If you are an individual resident in EEA, UK or Switzerland, you have the following data protection rights regarding Collected Data:
If you wish to
exercise an
y of the following rights in relation to your Personal Data (hereinafter referred to as a “
Request
”), you can do so at any time by contacting us using the details in section 18:
Your right of access
If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data (along with certain other details). If you require additional copies, we may charge a reasonable fee for producing those additional copies.
Your right to rectification
If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have it rectified. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the rectification where possible. If you ask us, where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them.
Your right to erasure
You can ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data in some circumstances, such as where we no longer need it or where you withdraw your consent (where applicable). If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to restrict processing
You can ask us to “block” or suppress the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances such as where you contest the accuracy of that Personal Data, or you object to us processing it for a particular purpose. This may not mean that we will stop storing your Personal Data but, where we do keep it, we will tell you if we remove any restriction that we have placed on your Personal Data to stop us processing it further. If we have shared your Personal Data with others, we will let them know about the restriction where it is possible for us to do so. If you ask us, where it is possible and lawful for us to do so, we will also tell you who we have shared your Personal Data with so that you can contact them directly.
Your right to data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to obtain Personal Data you have provided to us (in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Your right to object
You can ask us to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so, if we are: (i) relying on our own or someone else’s legitimate interest to process your Personal Data, except if we can demonstrate compelling legal grounds for the processing; or (ii) processing your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Your rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automatic processing, including profiling, if it produces a legal effect or similarly significantly affects you, unless such profiling is necessary for the entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us.
Your right to withdraw consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Your right to opt out of marketing communications
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the details in section 18.
Your right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
If you have a concern about any aspect of our privacy practices, including the way we have handled your Personal Data, please contact us using the details in section 18. You also have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
in the Member State of your residence or the place of the alleged infringement. You can find a list of contact details for all EU supervisory authorities at
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
. The UK data protection regulator is the Information Commissioner’s Office and contact details can be found at https://ico.org.uk.
If you are residing in France: your right to give instructions regarding the processing of your data after your death
You have the right to give instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your Personal Data after your death. You may designate a person to carry out these instructions. This person is then entitled to be informed of the directives and to request their implementation from us.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We can only process requests after we have verified your identity, which may mean requesting further information from you.
B) Hosted Data
As explained above, some of our Services include processing data on behalf of our customers in relation to Applications, tools or software that we provide. Save for the limited circumstances set out in this Notice, we are not the Data Controller of this Hosted Data as we do not determine the purposes or the means of the processing.
If you wish to access, correct, update, modify or delete Hosted Data or if you would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Customers you should direct your query to the Customer, who is the Data Controller of your data. If requested by the Customer to action a Request, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
If you are a Customer of our Services and wish to raise a Request on behalf of data subjects in connection with Hosted Data, you may raise a ticket on the support portal of the relevant Service. Please note that if a Customer has subscribed to more than one Service, a Request on a particular Service support portal is specific to that Service only and separate Requests need to be raised across other relevant Service support portals.
C) General Compliance
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Freshworks in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via dpo@freshworks.com. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Freshworks cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to co-operate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. As further explained in Annex I of DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Freshworks is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
8. CALIFORNIA-RESIDENT SPECIFIC RIGHTS
Your California Privacy Rights; “Shine the Light” Law
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share your personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
California Consumer Privacy Act
To the extent you are a 'consumer' as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and Freshworks is a 'business' as defined under CCPA, the following applies to you:
Under the CCPA, “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Subject to the provisions of the CCPA, consumers have the rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information about them, as well as rights to know/access, delete, correct, and limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information and opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights. To the extent that we collect personal information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected
You have the right to receive notice of certain information about our data collection, use, and disclosure. Freshworks does not sell personal information as defined by the CCPA. The following table summarizes the categories of personal information we may collect that may be disclosed to service providers. Freshworks does share personal information (as defined by the CCPA) as explained below the following table. The categories we use to describe personal information are those enumerated in the CCPA.
We may collect this personal information for the purposes described in the section above titled
'WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES FRESHWORKS COLLECT, HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND WHAT LEGAL BASIS DO WE RELY ON.'
Category
Source
Identifiers (such as contact information or personal characteristics like name, email address or postal address, or social media handles)
You; our social media pages
Health Information (such as protected health information or physical or mental health status)
You
Financial Information (such as payment data, bank account information, or credit information)
You
Protected Classifications and Other Sensitive Data (such as date of birth or gender)
You
Commercial Information (such as transaction information, billing and payment records, or order history)
You
Biometric Information (such as fingerprint, voiceprint, facial recognition, or eye recognition)
You
Geolocation Information (such as approximate location based on your IP address)
You
Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information (such as IP address, device identifier (e.g. Mac), cookie or tracking pixel information, browsing or search history, or diagnostic information)
You
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory, or Similar Information (such as call recordings, photographs, or video)
You
Professional or Employment-Related Information (such as current employer or job title)
You
Education Information (such as education history and level of education)
You
Inferences Drawn About You (such as user profile reflecting preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, or predispositions)
You
Content of Communications (such as contents of phone calls, emails, text messages, or photos)
You
Contacts (such as list of contacts you supply to us or that we may collect from your device with your permission)
You
We may share the categories of Identifiers, Geolocation Information (coarse location only), and Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information as described above with advertising partners.
We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation.
Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf. We restrict service providers from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy notice:
To our Group Companies
To the following categories of service providers who are bound by law and contractual obligations to keep your personal information confidential. Service providers may use information that we share with them only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them and as otherwise permitted by law.
Payroll services providers that assist us in calculating and disbursing your salary and other compensation.
Auditing and accounting firms, such as firms that assist us in the creation of our financial records.
Professional services consultants, such as firms that perform analytics, assist with improving our business, provide legal services, or supply project-based resources and assistance.
Recruitment vendors that assist with the application process, including assessing candidate qualifications and providing the platform through which candidates submit their candidacy.
Analytics services, including entities that analyze traffic to and on our website and assist with identifying and communicating with potential customers.
Security vendors, such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, and fraud prevention.
IT vendors, such as entities that assist with website design, hosting and maintenance; data and software storage; and network operation.
To other external parties when required by law or to protect Freshworks or other persons, as described in this privacy notice.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Freshworks’ assets or capital stock, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or a similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Freshworks about our employees, workers and contractors is among the assets transferred. If this happens, the recipient of the personal information will continue to honor the promises made in this privacy notice, or else provide you notice of any changes.
Your rights under the CCPA
Know and request access to and correction and deletion of personal information:
You have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with to whom we sell or disclose it. You also have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete personal information that we have collected directly from you or correct information that we have collected about you.
Right to opt out of selling/sharing personal information:
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to, and the sharing of your personal information with, third parties. Please note that the right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are legally and contractually obligated to use the data only for that function.
In case you would like to exercise this right please go
here
.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information:
You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information that we use to infer characteristics about you. If you exercise this right, we may still use and disclose sensitive information about you for limited purposes.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia
Residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia have the following rights:
Opt out of “sales” of personal information and use of their personal information for “targeted advertising,
” as those terms are defined under applicable law.
Opt out of “profiling
” under certain circumstances, as defined under applicable law. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Confirm processing of and access to personal information
under certain circumstances.
Correct personal information
under certain circumstances. (Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia only.)
Delete personal information
under certain circumstances.
Residents of these states can exercise their rights by contacting us using one of the methods listed below.
How to submit an opt-out, access or deletion request:
If you seek to exercise the foregoing rights to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, please contact us at
dpo@freshworks.com
or write to us
here
. We respond to all requests we receive from you wishing to exercise your rights within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable data protection laws. By writing to us, you agree to receive communication from us seeking information from you in order to verify you to be the consumer from whom we have collected the Personal Information and such other information as reasonably required to enable us to honor your request.
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, or Connecticut, you may, under certain circumstances, authorize another individual or a business, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. (Authorized agents in California must be registered with the California Secretary of State.) The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the personal information or an authorized representative of that person. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will depend on the type, sensitivity, and value of the information, including the risk of harm to you posed by any authorized access, correction, or deletion. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by matching the identifying information provided by you to the personal information that we already have.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period). If we cannot comply with a request, or cannot fully comply with a request, the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply.
Appeals
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have the right to appeal a denial of their request by contacting us as described in the notice of denial.
9. LGPD
The LGPD grants control and self-determination to data subjects and provides compliance responsibilities for organizations such as Freshworks in regard to personal data whose data subject is located within Brazilian territory at the moment of data collection or to any offering or providing of goods or service for individuals located within Brazilian territory. The LGPD gives national regulators powers to impose significant fines and indemnification liabilities on organizations that breach this law. All content of this notice and Freshworks’s processing of personal data are in strict compliance with LGPD, where applicable. At Freshworks we take a global approach to ensure all members benefit from increased control and clarity, which is in line with our commitment to putting our Customers first and working every day to maintain the trust they put in us.
LGPD grants the following rights to those individuals subject to its jurisdiction:
Confirmation of data processing and access
You have the right to know and have access to the data we process about you.
Data correction
You have the right to request a correction of any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data of yours that we process.
Anonymization, blocking or deletion
You have the right to request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of any data being processed contrary to the law.
Data portability
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to reuse the Personal Data you have provided to us elsewhere or to ask us to transfer it to your chosen third party.
Information on data sharing
You have the right to be informed about the public and private entities with which we may share your Personal Data.
Withdraw Consent
If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time, for all or part of the data. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent, in case which (as other applicable situations) you have the right to know what data we can retain.
You also have the right to know what the consequences of you withdrawing consent will be (for example, if it will prevent you from receiving a service).
File a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your Personal Data. The Brazilian data protection regulator is the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados and contact details can be found at
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br.
10. OPTING OUT PROCEDURE
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Freshworks commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Freshworks at: support@freshworks.com.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from Freshworks, you may click on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
. When using our Mobile Applications, you also have the option to turn off push notifications.
If you would like to object to the use of your Personal Data for analytics, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
To opt out of the use of cookies, please see update your preferences
here
.
You have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties
for purposes not essential to the delivery of our services. To exercise this option, you can contact us at
support@freshworks.com
.
We will only process sensitive personal data with your explicit, affirmative consent. This includes any data related to health, ethnicity, political opinions, or similar categories.
If we receive sensitive personal data from third parties, we will treat such data with the same safeguards and restrictions applied to data collected directly from individuals.
11. OTHER COMMUNICATIONS
If you are our Customer, we will send you announcements (email or in product notifications related to the Services) on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. Generally, you may not opt-out of such communications as they are a key part of delivering our Services to you effectively. If you do not wish to receive them, you may deactivate your Account.
12. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will retain Personal Data only as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, as set out in this Notice. We will also retain it as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, for legal and litigation purposes, to maintain accurate financial and other records, deal with complaints, and enforce our agreements.
Generally, in respect of Personal Data that we process in connection with the supply of our Services, we may retain your Personal Data for up to six years from the date of supply of the relevant Services and in compliance with our data protection obligations. We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Where we process any other Personal Data, we will generally retain relevant Personal Data for up to three years from the date of our last interaction with you (and in compliance with our data protection obligations). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any Personal Data is only useful for a short period (e.g., for a specific activity, promotion or marketing campaign), we will not retain it for longer than the period for which it is used by us. If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain Personal Data on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future. However, we will not use this Personal Data to send you further marketing unless you subsequently opt back in to receive such marketing.
Should you apply to work for us, we will retain data from your application for a limited period for record keeping and legal purposes. We may (subject to the laws in your jurisdiction) also retain your data in order to contact you if a role arises for which we think you would be suitable. Further information about this will be provided during the application process and we will ask for consent where necessary according to local law.
The above examples may vary in some cases due to local laws, liability periods and mandatory retention requirements. For example, if certain information needs to be retained for longer according to local laws, regulations or because different legal limitation periods apply, then we will keep the Personal Data for these longer periods.
13. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
Our Websites contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Freshworks. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects Personal Data.
14. GOOGLE API DISCLOSURE
Freshworks has developed a functionality that allows its customers to connect their Gmail mailbox using Oauth with our products. Connecting your Gmail mailbox to your Freshworks account allows Freshworks to associate your account with your personal information on Google, to see your personal information, including any personal information you have made available, to view your email address and access your emails in order to create them as a ticket in our products, and to transmit the Customer data to third-party applications listed on
Freshworks’ Marketplace
that you integrate with your Account. The connection will further allow you to respond to your emails directly from our product and to delete them once they are fetched into our product.
Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
Freshworks's use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy's App's
, including the Limited Use requirement.
15. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL DATA
Freshworks does not knowingly collect any Personal Data from children under the age of sixteen. If you are under the age of sixteen, please do not submit any Personal Data through our Websites or Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Notice by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through our Services or Websites without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of sixteen has provided Personal Data to us through our Websites or Services, please contact us using the details in section 18 and we will endeavor to delete that information and terminate the child's account from our databases.
16. AMENDMENTS
Amendments to this Notice will be posted to this URL and will be effective when posted. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a conspicuous notice on this Website or via e-mail or via in-product notification, but we encourage you to review this Notice periodically to keep up to date on how we use your Personal Data. You should frequently visit this Notice to stay fully informed. Your continued use of our Websites or the Service(s) following the posting of any amendment, modification, or change to this Notice shall constitute your acceptance of the amendments to this Notice. You can choose to discontinue use of the Websites or Service(s), if you do not accept the terms of this Notice, or any modified version of this Notice.
17. EFFECT OF MERGER OR ACQUISITION
In the event Freshworks goes through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Customers’ Accounts, Collected Data and Customer data will likely be among the assets transferred. A prominent notice will be displayed on our Websites to notify you of any such change in ownership or control and Customers will be notified via an e-mail.
18. CONTACTING FRESHWORKS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at dpo@freshworks.com or via postal mail at Freshworks Inc., 2950 S.Delaware Street, Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 at the attention of the Data Protection Officer with a copy to
dpo@freshworks.com
.
Annex 1 – Definitions
"Controller", "Data Subject", "Personal Data Breach", "Processor"
and
"Process"
shall have the meaning given to them in the GDPR or other applicable law.
“Account”:
means any accounts or instances created by or on behalf of Customer for access to and use of any of the Service(s).
“Affiliate”:
means, with respect to a Freshworks entity, any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Freshworks entity, whereby
“control”
(including, with correlative meaning, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct, or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.
“API”:
means the application programming interfaces developed, enabled by, or licensed to Provider that permits a User to access certain functionality provided by the Service(s).
“Apps”:
mean the software applications listed on the Market Place which are created, developed, licensed, or owned by third-party developers. The term also includes any updates, upgrades and other changes to such software applications and versions thereof.
“Documentation”:
means, the then-current, generally available user documentation provided by Freshworks detailing the functionalities of the Software and the Services.
"GDPR"
shall mean the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and any legislation relating to the processing of personal data effective in the UK and/or Switzerland that is intended to replicate or maintain some or all of the provisions, rights and obligations set out in Regulation (EU) 2016/679, as relevant.
“LGPD”
means “Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais”, which corresponds to the Brazilian data protection law no. 13.709/2018.
“Market Place”:
means an online marketplace for Apps that interoperate with the Service(s). Its Website(s) is
https://www.freshworks.com/apps/
.
“Mobile Applications”:
mean the software applications created, developed, and owned by Freshworks to enable access and use of the Service(s) through mobile or other handheld devices (such as apps on iOS or Android devices).
"Personal Data"
means, data relating to an individual who is or can be identified either from the data or from the data in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the data controller (as defined under applicable data protection laws).
“Processing”/“To Process”:
means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction.
“Customer Data":
means all electronic data, text, messages or other materials, including, without limitation, Personal Data of Users and End Users, submitted to the Services by Customer or its Users through Customer’s Account in connection with Customer’ use of the Services.
“Service(s)”:
means, the Freshworks software-based service offerings identified on the SOF and any Updates, including any Software, API or Documentation made available by Freshworks with such offering, but excludes any applications or APIs separately provided by third parties.
“Software”:
means the generally available software provided by Freshworks in connection with Customer’s use of the Services, and includes Mobile Apps, but excludes any applications or APIs that are provided by third parties.
“User”
: means, any individual who is authorized by Customer to use the Services, including an Account administrator, employees, consultants, contractors, and agents of Customer or its Affiliates, and third parties with which Customer or its Affiliates transact business.
Login to account
We make it fast and easy for your  to delight customers and employees.
Start new trial
We use cookies to track visitors, measure ads, ad campaign effectiveness and analyze site traffic. We may also share information about your use of our site with 3rd parties. For more info, see, our
Cookie Policy
and our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking on "
Cookie Preference Manager
" you can choose to enable only certain cookie categories. By clicking "Accept all" you agree to the storing of all cookies on your device.
Reject all
Accept all
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Advertising Cookies
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
Select All Hosts
Select All
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Confirm My Choices
Allow All
Sub-policy 2
https://www.bbc.co.uk/privacy/:
We've updated our Privacy and Cookies Policy
We've made some important changes to our Privacy and Cookies Policy and we want you to know what this means for you and your data.
OK
Find out what's changed
Cookies on the BBC website
We use cookies
to give you the best online experience.  Strictly necessary cookies are
on
by default.  Additional cookies are
off
by default.
Accept additional cookies
Reject additional cookies
Let me choose
JavaScript has been disabled.
This page needs JavaScript to work correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser
				settings.
JavaScript is required for the following feature(s):
opening and closing the navbar (on mobile)
Keeping your info safe and sound
We take your privacy very seriously. And so should you.
So have a look around to see what we’re doing with your personal information and how we’re keeping it secure.
Read our privacy promise.
Personal Information
What are you doing with my information?
Do you share my information with other organisations?
Sharing information with other sites
How long will you keep my information?
What are my rights?
Losing a loved one
Privacy and Your Activity
The BBC privacy promise
How do you collect information about me?
Who else can see how I've been using the BBC?
How do apps, devices and TVs capture my data?
Privacy notices
Children and Safety
How can I keep my child safe online?
View the BBC Children's Privacy Policy
View the full version of the BBC Privacy and Cookies Policy
Change language:
Cymraeg
Gàidhlig
iPages Dev tools
Page built:
Tue Dec 10 2024 14:16:24 GMT
Site ID:
ipages-using-the-bbc
Built from:
master @ d309a16
Rebuild Page
The page will automatically reload. You may need to reload again if the build takes longer than expected.
Rebuild page
Useful links
View in iSite
View page XML
View JSON cache
View in iPages Dashboard
Demo mode
Hides preview environment warning banner on preview pages.
On
Off
Theme toggler
Select a theme and theme mode and click "Load theme" to load in your theme combination.
Theme:
Blue
Green
Internal
Pink
Purple
Red
Studios
Teal
Wales
Neutral
Theme Mode:
Dark
Default
Light
Load theme
Reset
Sub-policy 3
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Sub-policy 4
https://crowdin.com/page/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last revised on December 2, 2024
In This Article
1. DEFINITIONS
2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON THE SERVICE
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
4. TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION
5. YOUR CHOICES
6. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
7. INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
8. THIRD PARTY COOKIES
9. MINORS AND CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
10. DATA SECURITY
11. DATA RETENTION
12. SETTINGS
13. DATA TRANSFER
14. DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROCESSOR
15. CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
16. USE OF GOOGLE WORKSPACE APIs
17. HOW TO CONTACT US
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in Crowdin (“Crowdin”, “we”, or “us”), our web site at
https://crowdin.com
(the “Site”), and all related web sites, downloadable software, mobile applications (including tablet applications), and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed, and all other communications with individuals though from written or oral means, such as email or phone (collectively, together with the Site, our “Service”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information that we gather on or through the Service, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By visiting the Site, or by purchasing or using the Service, you accept the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Crowdin Terms of Service. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy have the meaning given to them in the Crowdin Terms of Service.
1. DEFINITIONS
Client
a customer of Crowdin.
Client Data
-personal data, reports, addresses, and other files, folders or documents in electronic form that a User of the Service stores within the Service.
Personal Data
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Public Area
the area of the Site that can be accessed both by Users and Visitors, without needing to log in.
Restricted Area
the area of the Site that can be accessed only by Users, and where access requires logging in.
User
an employee, agent, or representative of a Client, who primarily uses the restricted areas of the Site for the purpose of accessing the Service in such capacity.
Visitor
an individual other than a User, who uses the public area, but has no access to the restricted areas of the Site or Service.
2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON THE SERVICE
We collect different types of information from or through the Service. The legal bases for Crowdin’s processing of personal data are primarily that the processing is necessary for providing the Service in accordance with Crowdin’s Terms of Service and that the processing is carried out in Crowdin’s legitimate interests, which are further explained in the section “How We Use the Information We Collect” of this Policy. We may also process data upon your consent, asking for it as appropriate.
2.1 User-provided Information
When you use the Service, as a User or as a Visitor, you may provide, and we may collect Personal Data. Examples of Personal Data include name, email address, mailing address, and credit card or other billing information. Personal Data also includes other information, such as geographic area or preferences, when any such information is linked to information that identifies a specific individual. You may provide us with Personal Data in various ways on the Service. For example, when you register for an Account, use the Service, post Client Data, interact with other users of the Service through communication or messaging capabilities, or send us customer service -related requests.
2.2 Information Collected by Clients
A Client or User may store or upload into the Service Client Data. Crowdin has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Data it hosts as part of Client Data. Each Client is responsible for providing notice to its customers and third persons concerning the purpose for which Client collects their Personal Data and how this Personal Data is processed in or through the Service as part of Client Data.
2.3 “Automatically Collected” Information
When a User or Visitor uses the Service, we may automatically record certain information from the User’s or Visitor’s device by using various types of technology, including cookies, “clear gifs” or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected” information may include IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the Service, the pages or other content the User or Visitor views or interacts with on the Service, and the dates and times of the visit, access, or use of the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding a Visitor or User’s interaction with email messages, such as whether the Visitor or User opens, clicks on, or forwards a message. This information is gathered from all Users and Visitors.  Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Statement
here
.
2.4 Integrated Services
You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of your Google account, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide Personal Data or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store your name, email address(es), timezones, gender, current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand what information that Integrated Service makes available to us, and make changes as appropriate. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
2.5 Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information, including Personal Data, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from other sources with Personal Data that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information that we collect in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
3.1 Operations
We use the information – other than Client Data - to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide the services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and to provide support to users of the Service. We process Client Data solely in accordance with the directions provided by the applicable Client or User.
3.2 Improvements
We use the information to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Visitors and Users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, feature, and functionality. Should this purpose require Crowdin to process Client Data, then the data will only be used in anonymized or aggregated form.
3.3 Communications
We may use a Visitor’s or User’s email address or other information – other than Client Data – to contact that Visitor or User (i) for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement, right of privacy violations or defamation issues related to the Client Data or Personal Data posted on the Service or (ii) with updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with. You have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications as described below under “Your Choices.”
3.4 Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We use automatically collected information and other information collected on the Service through cookies and similar technologies to: (i) personalize our Service, such as remembering a User’s or Visitor’s information so that the User or Visitor will not have to re-enter it during a visit or on subsequent visits; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Service and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on the Service. You can obtain more information about cookies by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
. For further information about the types of cookies and tracking technologies we use, why, and how you can control them, please see our Cookie Statement
here
.
3.5 Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure and evaluate access to and traffic on the Public Area of the Site, and create user navigation reports for our Site administrators. Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics to evaluate Users’ and Visitors’ activity on our Site. For more information, see
Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing
.
We take measures to protect the technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics. The data collected will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical issues, administer the Site and identify visitor preferences; but in this case, the data will be in non-identifiable form. We do not use any of this information to identify Visitors or Users.
4. TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION
Except as described in this Policy, we will not intentionally disclose the Personal Data or Client Data that we collect or store on the Service to third parties without the consent of the applicable Visitor, User or Client. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
4.1 Unrestricted Information
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a Public Area of the Service, such as a public profile page, will be available to any Visitor or User who has access to that content.
We may display information related to your account such as your name, username, languages you prefer, the translation projects made publicly available which you are participating in and activities you performed in such project. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity, that you can regulate from profile settings. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.
4.2 Service Providers
We work with third party service providers who provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to, or process Personal Data or Client Data as part of providing those services for us. We limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and our contracts with them require them to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
4.3 Non Personally Identifiable Information
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our Clients’, Users’ and Visitors’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, and/or functionality available through the Service.
4.4 Law Enforcement, Legal Process and Compliance
We may disclose Personal Data or other information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, in response to a facially valid court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose Personal Data or other information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights, enforce our contracts, or protect the rights, property, or safety of others.
4.5 Change of Ownership
Information about Users and Visitors, including Personal Data, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets and only if the recipient of the User or Visitor Data commits to a Privacy Policy that has terms substantially consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Client Data may be physically or electronically transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, for the sole purpose of continuing the operation of the Service, and only if the recipient of the Client Data commits to a Privacy Policy that has terms substantially consistent with this Privacy Policy.
5. YOUR CHOICES
5.1 Access, Correction, Deletion
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Data that you may have provided through your use of the Services. If you wish to access or amend any other Personal Data we hold about you, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained from an Integrated Service, you may contact us as set forth in the “How to Contact Us” section. At your request, we will have any reference to you deleted or blocked in our database.
You may update, correct, or delete your Account information and preferences at any time by accessing your Account settings page on the Service. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
You may decline to share certain Personal Data with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service.
At any time, you may object to the processing of your Personal Data, on legitimate grounds, except if otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you believe your right to privacy granted by applicable data protection laws has been infringed upon, please contact us at
privacy@crowdin.com
. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with data protection authorities.
This provision does not apply to Personal Data that is part of Client Data. In this case, the management of the Client Data is subject to the Client’s own Privacy Policy, and any request for access, correction or deletion should be made to the Client responsible for the uploading and storage of such data into the Service.
5.2 Navigation Information
You may opt out from the collection of navigation information about your visit to the Site by Google Analytics by using the
Google Analytics Opt-out feature
.
5.3 Opting out from Commercial Communications
If you receive commercial emails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email or by sending an email to the address provided in the “How to Contact Us” section.
Users are able to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that they receive from us by accessing the “Settings” tab on the account.
Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process your request. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Crowdin has no direct relationship with the Client’s customers or third party whose Personal Data it may process on behalf of a Client. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, delete inaccurate data or withdraw consent for further contact should direct his or her query to the Client or User they deal with directly. If the Client requests Crowdin to remove the data, we will respond to its request within thirty (30) days. We will delete, amend or block access to any Personal Data that we are storing only if we receive a written request to do so from the Client who is responsible for such Personal Data, unless we have a legal right to retain such Personal Data. We reserve the right to retain a copy of such data for archiving purposes, or to defend our rights in litigation. Any such request regarding Client Data should be addressed as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section, and include sufficient information for Crowdin to identify the Client or its customer or third party and the information to delete or amend.
6. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Service may contain features or links to web sites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
7. INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING
Interest based advertising is the collection of data from different sources and across different platforms in order to predict an individual’s preferences or interest and to deliver to that individual, or his/her computer, smart phone or tablet, advertising based on his/her assumed preference or interest inferred from the collection of data pertaining to that individual or others who may have a similar profile or similar interests.
We work with a variety of third parties to attempt to understand the profiles of the individuals who are most likely to be interested in the Crowdin products or services so that we can send them promotional emails, or serve our advertisements to them on the websites and mobile apps of other entities.
These third parties include: (i) advertising networks, which collect information about a person’s interests when that person views or interacts with one of their advertisements; (ii) attribution partners, which measure the effectiveness of certain advertisements; and (iii) business partners, which collect information when a person views or interacts with one of their advertisements.
In collaboration with these third parties, we collect information about our customers, prospects and other individuals over time and across different platforms when they use these platforms or interact with them. Individuals may submit information directly on our Sites or on platforms run by third parties, or by interacting with us, our advertisements, or emails they receive from us or from third parties. We may use special tools that are commonly used for this purpose, such as cookies, pixels, and similar technologies. We may have access to databases of information collected by our business partners.
The information we or third party collect enables us to learn what purchases the person made, what ads or content the person sees, on which ads or links the person clicks, and other actions that the person takes on our Sites, or in response to our emails, or when visiting or using third parties’ platforms.
We, or the third parties with which we work, use the information collected as described above to understand the various activities and behaviors of our customers, Site visitors and others. We, or these third parties, do this for many reasons, including: to recognize new or past visitors to our Sites; to present more personalized content; to provide more useful and relevant ads - for example, if we know what ads you are shown we can try not to show you the same ones repeatedly; to identify visitors across devices, sales channels, third party websites and Sites, or to display or send personalized or targeted ads and other custom content that is more focused on a person’s perceived interest in products or services similar to those that we offer.
Our interest-based ads may be served to you in emails or on third-party platforms. We may serve these ads about our products or services or send commercial communications directly ourselves or through these third parties. Crowdin does not provide any personal information to the third party sites that display interest-based ads promoting Crowdin.
8. THIRD PARTY COOKIES
We allow third parties with which we have a separate agreement to use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Site. These third parties include (i) business partners, which collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on the Site; and (ii) advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of their advertisements.
The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interests or preferences so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Site and on other sites across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
The business partners and advertising networks that serve interest-based advertisements on the Services have limited access to a small amount of information about your profile and your device, which is necessary to serve you advertisements that are tailored to your apparent interests. It is possible that they may reuse this small amount of information on other sites or services.
We do not share with these third parties any information that would readily identify you (such as email address); however, these third parties may have access to information about your device (such as IP or MAC address). We do not have access to, or control over, the technologies that these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Other than as discussed in this document, we have no control over these third parties.
8.1 The Following Types of Cookies Are Used in the Site
strictly necessary/essential cookies - These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services you have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor.
functionality cookies - These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
behaviourally targeted advertising cookies - These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
For more information about these and a full list of the cookies we use, what they do, and how to disable the non-necessary ones, please refer to our full
Cookie Statement
.
9. MINORS AND CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Data has been collected on the Service from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has obtained an Account on the Service, then you may alert us at
privacy@crowdin.com
and request that we delete that child’s Personal Data from our systems.
The Service is not intended to be used by minors, and is not intended to be used to post content to share publicly or with friends. To the extent that a minor has posted such content on the Service, the minor has the right to have this content deleted or removed using the deletion or removal options detailed in this Privacy Policy. If you have any question regarding this topic, please contact us as indicated in the “How to Contact Us” section. Please be aware that, although we offer this deletion capability, the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information.
10. DATA SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Data in our possession. This includes, for example, firewalls, password protection and other access and authentication controls. We use SSL technology to encrypt data during transmission through public internet, and we also employ application-layer security features to further anonymize Personal Data.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you believe your Personal Data has been compromised, please contact us as set forth in the “How to Contact Us” section.
If we learn of a security systems breach, we will inform you and the authorities of the occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.
11. DATA RETENTION
We only retain the Client Data collected from a User for as long as the User’s account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements as follows:
the Client Data of closed accounts are deleted within 3 months of the date of closure
backups are kept for 3 months
billing information is retained for a period of 7 years as of their provision to Crowdin in accordance with the Estonian accounting and taxation laws
information on legal transactions between Client and Crowdin is retained for a period of 10 years as of their provision to Crowdin in accordance with the general limitation period set for civil claims in the Estonian General Part of the Civil Code Act
12. SETTINGS
Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain Personal Data, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. We cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on or transmit to the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
13. DATA TRANSFER
We may transfer, process and store Personal Data we collect through the Services in centralized databases and with service providers located in the U.S. The U.S. may not have the same data protection framework as the country from which you may be using the Services. When we transfer Personal Data to the U.S., we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy.
The Service is hosted in the United States or Germany. Regardless of the database being hosted in the EU, if you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you may be transferring your Client Data and Personal Data outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing by our service providers listed in the Crowdin Terms of Service. We will comply with GDPR requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information from Europe to the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data to the U.S., the EEA, or other countries or regions deemed by the European Commission to provide adequate protection of personal data in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service.
14. DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROCESSOR
Crowdin does not own, control or direct the use of any of the Client Data stored or processed by a Client or User via the Service. Only the Client or Users are entitled to access, retrieve and direct the use of such Client Data. Crowdin is largely unaware of what Client Data is actually being stored or made available by a Client or User to the Service and does not directly access such Client Data except as authorized by the Client, or as necessary to provide Services to the Client and its Users.
Because Crowdin does not collect or determine the use of any Personal Data contained in the Client Data and because it does not determine the purposes for which such Personal Data is collected, the means of collecting such Personal Data, or the uses of such Personal Data, Crowdin is not acting in the capacity of data controller in terms of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679, hereinafter “GDPR”) and does not have the associated responsibilities under the GDPR. Crowdin should be considered only as a processor on behalf of its Clients and Users as to any Client Data containing Personal Data that is subject to the requirements of the GDPR. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, Crowdin does not independently cause Client Data containing Personal Data stored in connection with the Services to be transferred or otherwise made available to third parties, except to third party subcontractors who may process such data on behalf of Crowdin in connection with Crowdin’s provision of Services to Clients. Such actions are performed or authorized only by the applicable Client or User.
The Client or the User is the data controller under the Regulation for any Client Data containing Personal Data, meaning that such party controls the manner such Personal Data is collected and used as well as the determination of the purposes and means of the processing of such Personal Data.
Crowdin is not responsible for the content of the Personal Data contained in the Client Data or other information stored on its servers (or its subcontractors’ servers) at the discretion of the Client or User nor is Crowdin responsible for the manner in which the Client or User collects, handles disclosure, distributes or otherwise processes such information.
If you need a signed Data Processing Addendum in addition to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you can find the document signed on behalf of Crowdin
here
.
15. CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision, and will comply with applicable law. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
16. USE OF GOOGLE WORKSPACE APIs
Crowdin confirms that the Google Workspace APIs accessed through our services, including the Crowdin platform and any applications developed by Crowdin and available for installation on store.crowdin.com, are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML) models.
17. HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal Data, our use and disclosure practices, your consent choices, or if you have any concerns or complaints about this Policy or your Personal Data, by email at
privacy@crowdin.com
.
Your Crowdin Team.
Was this page helpful?
Submit
Thank you for your feedback!
Sub-policy 5
https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/:
Skip to main content
Home
Site policy
GitHub Terms
GitHub Terms of Service
GitHub Corporate Terms of Service
GitHub Terms for Additional Products and Features
GitHub Community Guidelines
GitHub Community Code of Conduct
GitHub Pre-release License Terms
GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms
GitHub Registered Developer Agreement
GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service
GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement
GitHub Research Program Terms
GitHub Open Source Applications Terms and Conditions
GitHub Event Terms
GitHub Event Code of Conduct
GitHub Educational Use Agreement
GitHub Copilot Extension Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policies
GitHub Acceptable Use Policies
Active Malware or Exploits
Bullying and Harassment
Disrupting the Experience of Other Users
Doxxing and Invasion of Privacy
Hate Speech and Discrimination
Impersonation
Misinformation and Disinformation
Sexually Obscene Content
Threats of Violence and Gratuitously Violent Content
GitHub Appeal and Reinstatement
Privacy Policies
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub Subprocessors
GitHub Cookies
GitHub Codespaces Privacy Statement
GitHub Candidate Privacy Policy
Other Site Policies
GitHub and Trade Controls
GitHub Deceased User Policy
GitHub Logo Policy
GitHub Government Takedown Policy
GitHub Username Policy
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
GitHub Account Recovery Policy
Content Removal Policies
Submitting content removal requests
DMCA Takedown Policy
GitHub Private Information Removal Policy
GitHub Trademark Policy
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Counter Notice
Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice
Security Policies
Coordinated Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities
GitHub Bug Bounty Program Legal Safe Harbor
GitHub SIRT description RFC 2350
GitHub Company Policies
GitHub Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor
GitHub Anti-Bribery Statement
GitHub GPL Cooperation Commitment
GitHub Gifts and Entertainment Policy
Site policy
/
Privacy Policies
/
GitHub General Privacy Statement
GitHub General Privacy Statement
In this article
GitHub Privacy Statement
Personal Data We Collect
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing of Personal Data
Private repositories: GitHub Access
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
Your Privacy Rights
International data transfers
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
Security and Retention
Security
Contact Us
Information for Minors
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
Translations
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
US State Specific Information
GitHub Privacy Statement
Effective date: February 1, 2024
Welcome to the GitHub Privacy Statement. This is where we describe how we handle your “Personal Data”, which is information that is directly linked or can be linked to you. It applies to the Personal Data that GitHub, Inc. or GitHub B.V., processes as the “Data Controller” when you interact with websites, applications, and services that display this Statement (collectively, “Services”). This Statement does not apply to services or products that do not display this Statement, such as Previews, where relevant.
End User Notice: Organization-Provided GitHub Accounts
When a school or employer supplies your GitHub account, they assume the role of Data Controller for most Personal Data used in our Services. This enables them to:
Manage and administer your GitHub account, including adjusting privacy settings.
Access and utilize your Personal Data, which includes details on how you use the Services, as well as your content and files.
Should you access a GitHub Service through an account provided by an organization, such as your employer or school, the organization becomes the Data Controller, and this Privacy Statement's direct applicability to you changes. Even so, GitHub remains dedicated to preserving your privacy rights. In such circumstances, GitHub functions as a Data Processor, adhering to the Data Controller's instructions regarding your Personal Data's processing. A Data Protection Agreement governs the relationship between GitHub and the Data Controller. For further details regarding their privacy practices, please refer to the privacy statement of the organization providing your account.
In cases where your organization grants access to GitHub products, GitHub acts as the Data Controller solely for specific processing activities. These activities are clearly defined in a contractual agreement with your organization, known as a Data Protection Agreement. You can review our standard Data Protection Agreement at
GitHub Data Protection Agreement
. For those limited purposes, this Statement governs the handling of your Personal Data. For all other aspects of GitHub product usage, your organization's policies apply.
Third Party Access and Data Protection
When you use third-party extensions, integrations, or follow references and links within our Services, the privacy policies of these third parties apply to any Personal Data you provide or consent to share with them. Their privacy statements will govern how this data is processed.
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data is collected from you directly, automatically from your device, and also from third parties. The Personal Data GitHub processes when you use the Services depends on variables like how you interact with our Services (such as through web interfaces, desktop or mobile applications), the features you use (such as pull requests, Codespaces, or GitHub Copilot) and your method of accessing the Services (your preferred IDE). Below, we detail the information we collect through each of these channels:
From You
Account Data: We collect certain information when you open an account such as your GitHub handle, name, email address, password, payment information and transaction information.
User Content and Files: When you use our Services, we collect Personal Data included as part of the information you provide such as code, inputs, text, documents, images, or feedback.
Demographic information: In some cases, you provide us with ethnicity, gender, or similar demographic details.
Feedback Data: This consists of information you submit through surveys, reviews, or interactive features.
Payment Information: For paid subscriptions, we collect details like name, billing address, and payment specifics.
Profile Information: We collect information to create a user profile, which may include a photo, additional email addresses, job title, or biography.
Sales and Marketing Data: This includes information provided for promotional communications, such as name, email address, and company name.
Support Data: When you seek customer support, we collect details like code, text, or multimedia files.
Automatically
Buttons, Tools, and Content from Other Companies: Our Services may contain links or buttons that lead to third-party services like Twitter or LinkedIn. Use of these features may result in data collection. Engaging with these buttons, tools, or content may automatically send certain browser information to these companies. Please review the privacy statements of these companies for more information.
Essential Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We use cookies and similar technologies to provide essential functionality like storing settings and recognizing you while using our Services.
Non-essential Cookies: Depending on your jurisdiction, we may use online analytics products that use cookies to help us analyze how de-identified users use our Services and to enhance your experience when you use the Services. We may also employ third-party Cookies to gather data for interest-based advertising. In some jurisdictions, we only use non-essential cookies after obtaining your consent. See
this
section for more details and control options.
Email Marketing Interactions: Our emails may have web beacons that offer information on your device type, email client, email reception, opens, and link clicks.
Geolocation Information: Depending on the Service's functionality, we collect regional geolocation data.
Service Usage Information: We collect data about your interactions with the Services, such as IP address, device information, session details, date and time of requests, device type and ID, operating system and application version, information related to your contributions to repositories, and performance of specific features or Services.
Website Usage Data: We automatically log data about your Website interactions, including the referring site, date and time of visit, pages viewed, and links clicked.
From Third Parties
Information from Other Users of the Services: Other users may share information about you when they submit issues and comments. We may also receive information about you if you are identified as a representative or administrator on your company's account.
Publicly Available Sources: We may acquire information about you from publicly available sources like public GitHub repositories.
Services you linked to your GitHub account: When you or your administrator integrate third-party apps or services with our Services, we receive information based on your settings with those services. This can include details like your name and email from services like Google for authentication. The information we receive depends on the third-party's settings and privacy policies. Always review these to understand what data is shared with our Services.
Vendors, Partners, and Affiliates: We may receive information about you from third parties, like vendors, resellers, partners, or affiliates for the purposes outlined in this statement.
Processing Purposes: How We Use Your Personal Data
The Personal Data we process depends on your interaction and access methods with our Services, including the interfaces (web, desktop, mobile apps), features used (pull requests, Codespaces, GitHub Copilot), and your preferred access tools (like your IDE). This section details all the potential ways GitHub may process your Personal Data:
Business Operations: We use Personal Data for activities like billing, accounting, and compensation. This includes creating aggregated statistical data for internal reporting, financial reporting, revenue planning, capacity planning, and forecast modeling (including product strategy).
Communication: We use Personal Data to inform you about new Services, features, offers, promotions, and other pertinent information. This also includes sending confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.
Inference: We generate new information from other data we collect to derive likely preferences or other characteristics. For instance, we infer your general geographic location based on your IP address.
Personalization: We use Personal Data to customize the Service to your preferences, to evaluate the effectiveness of enterprise business ads and promotional communications, and to ensure a seamless and consistent user experience.
Safety and Security: To promote safety, integrity, and security across our Services, we process Personal Data, using both automated and, at times, manual techniques for abuse detection, prevention, and violations of terms of service.
Service Provision: We use Personal Data to deliver and update our Services as configured and used by You, and to make ongoing personalized experiences and recommendations.
Troubleshooting: We use Personal Data to identify and resolve technical issues.
Ongoing Service Performance: Personal Data helps us keep the Services up to date and performant, and meet user productivity, reliability, efficacy, quality, privacy, accessibility and security needs.
Complying with and resolving legal obligations: including responding to Data Subject Requests for Personal Data processed by GitHub as Controller (for example website data), tax requirements, agreements and disputes.
Delivering Professional Services: We use Personal Data to deliver training, consulting or implementation (“Professional Services”). This includes providing technical support, professional planning, advice, guidance, data migration, deployment, and solution/software development services.
Improving Professional Services: Enhancing delivery, efficacy, quality, and security of Professional Services and the underlying product(s) based on issues identified while providing Professional Services, including fixing software defects, and otherwise keeping the Professional Services up to date and performant.
When carrying out these activities, GitHub practices data minimization and uses the minimum amount of Personal Information required.
Sharing of Personal Data
We may share Personal Data with the following recipients:
Abuse and Fraud Prevention Entities: We may disclose Personal Data based on a good faith belief it is needed to prevent fraud, abuse, or attacks on our Services, or to protect the safety of GitHub and our users.
Affiliates: Personal Data may be shared with GitHub affiliates, including Microsoft, to facilitate customer service, marketing and advertising, order fulfillment, billing, technical support, and legal and compliance obligations. Our affiliates may only use the Personal Data in a manner consistent with this Privacy Statement.
GitHub Organization Accounts: If an organization adds you to their GitHub account, we might share Personal Data with that organization to fulfill the commercial relationship. In such a case, your use of the Services is protected by a data protection agreement and terms between your organization and GitHub
Competent Authorities: We may disclose Personal Data to authorized law enforcement, regulators, courts, or other public authorities in response to lawful requests or to protect our rights and safety. Please refer to our
Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data
for more information.
Corporate Transaction Entities: we might disclose Personal Data within the limits of the law and in accordance with this Privacy Statement for strategic business transactions such as sales or a merger.
Partners and Resellers: We cooperate with third-parties that offer sales, consulting, support, and technical services for our Services. We may share your data with these partners and resellers where allowed, and with your consent when required.
Subprocessors and Service Providers: We may use vendors to provide services on our behalf, including hosting, marketing, advertising, social, analytics, support ticketing, credit card processing, or security services. They are bound by contractual obligations to ensure the security, privacy, and confidentiality of your information. Please visit
https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-subprocessors
to see our list of Subprocessors.
Visual Studio Code (GitHub Codespaces): GitHub Codespaces and github.dev offer Visual Studio Code in a web browser, where some telemetry is collected by default. Details on telemetry collection are on the
VS Code website
. To opt out, go to File > Preferences > Settings in the top left menu of VS Code. Opting out will sync this preference across all future web sessions in GitHub Codespaces and github.dev.
Other Third-party Applications: Upon your instruction, we may share Personal Data with third-party applications available on our Marketplace. You are responsible for the data you instruct us to share with these applications.
Other Users and the Public: Depending on your account settings, we may share Personal Data with other users of the Services and the public. You control what information is made public. To adjust your settings, visit User Settings in your profile. Please be aware that any information you share in a collaborative context may become publicly accessible.
Private repositories: GitHub Access
If your GitHub account has private repositories, you control the access to that information. GitHub personnel does not access private repository information without your consent except as provided in this Privacy Statement and for:
security purposes
automated scanning or manual review for known vulnerabilities, active malware, or other content known to violate our Terms of Service
to assist the repository owner with a support matter
to maintain the integrity of the Services, or
to comply with our legal obligations if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law.
GitHub will provide you with notice regarding private repository access unless doing so is prohibited by law or if GitHub acted in response to a security threat or other risk to security.
Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data (Applicable to EEA and UK End Users)
GitHub processes Personal Data in compliance with the GDPR, ensuring a lawful basis for each processing activity. The basis varies depending on the data type and the context, including how you access the services. Our processing activities typically fall under these lawful bases:
Contractual Necessity: Processing is required to fulfill our contractual duties to you, in accordance with the GitHub Terms of Service.
Legal Obligation: We process data when it's necessary to comply with applicable laws or to protect the rights, safety, and property of GitHub, our affiliates, users, or third parties.
Legitimate Interests: We process data for purposes that are in our legitimate interests, such as securing our Services, communicating with you, and improving our Services. This is done only when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights or your fundamental rights and freedoms.
Consent: We process data when you have explicitly consented to such processing. When we rely on consent as the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing at any time. The procedures for withdrawal are detailed in this Statement and available on our website.
Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your residence location, you may have specific legal rights regarding your Personal Data:
The right to access the data collected about you
The right to request detailed information about the specific types of Personal Data we've collected over the past 12 months, including data disclosed for business purposes
The right to rectify or update inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data under certain circumstances
The right to erase or limit the processing of your Personal Data under specific conditions
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data, as allowed by applicable law
The right to withdraw consent, where processing is based on your consent
The right to receive your collected Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format to facilitate its transfer to another company, where technically feasible
To exercise these rights, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. To verify your identity for security, we may request extra information before addressing your data-related request. Please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com for any feedback or concerns. Depending on your region, you have the right to complain to your local Data Protection Authority. European users can find authority contacts on the European Data Protection Board website, and UK users on the Information Commissioner’s Office website.
We aim to promptly respond to requests in compliance with legal requirements. Please note that we may retain certain data as necessary for legal obligations or for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims.
International data transfers
GitHub stores and processes Personal Data in a variety of locations, including your local region, the United States, and other countries where GitHub, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or subprocessors have operations. We transfer Personal Data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to countries that the European Commission has not recognized as having an adequate level of data protection. When we engage in such transfers, we generally rely on the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under
Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914
, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where GitHub processes personal data, see this article on the
European Commission website
.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF)
GitHub also complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. GitHub has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
GitHub has the responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on GitHub’s behalf. GitHub shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Dispute resolution process
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, GitHub commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact GitHub at: dpo[at]github[dot]com.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the International Centre for Dispute Resolution are provided at no cost to you.
An individual has the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. For additional information visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Government Enforcement
GitHub is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), an organization's failure to abide by commitments to implement the DPF Principles may be challenged as deceptive by the FTC. The FTC has the power to prohibit such misrepresentations through administrative orders or by seeking court orders.
Security and Retention
GitHub uses appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security controls to protect your Personal Data. We’ll retain your Personal Data as long as your account is active and as needed to fulfill contractual obligations, comply with legal requirements, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. The retention duration depends on the purpose of data collection and any legal obligations.
Security
GitHub uses administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate to protect your Personal Data.
Contact Us
Contact us via our contact form or by emailing our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Our addresses are:
GitHub B.V.
Prins Bernhardplein 200, Amsterdam
1097JB
The Netherlands
GitHub, Inc.
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
Information for Minors
Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from such individuals. If you become aware that a minor has provided us with Personal Data, please
notify us
.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
GitHub may periodically revise this Privacy Statement. If there are material changes to the statement, we will provide at least 30 days prior notice by updating our website or sending an email to your primary email address associated with your GitHub account.
Translations
Below are translations of this document into other languages. In the event of any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those versions and the English version, this English version is the controlling version.
French
Cliquez ici pour obtenir la version française:
Déclaration de confidentialité de GitHub (PDF)
.
Other translations
For translations of this statement into other languages, please visit
https://docs.github.com/
and select a language from the drop-down menu under “English.”
Our use of cookies and tracking technologies
Cookies and tracking technologies
GitHub uses cookies to provide, secure and improve our Service or to develop new features and functionality of our Service. For example, we use them to (i) keep you logged in, (ii) remember your preferences, (iii) identify your device for security and fraud purposes, including as needed to maintain the integrity of our Service, (iv) compile statistical reports, and (v) provide information and insight for future development of GitHub. We provide more information about
cookies on GitHub
that describes the cookies we set, the needs we have for those cookies, and the expiration of such cookies.
For Enterprise Marketing Pages, we may also use non-essential cookies to (i) gather information about enterprise users’ interests and online activities to personalize their experiences, including by making the ads, content, recommendations, and marketing seen or received more relevant and (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising and other marketing efforts. If you disable the non-essential cookies on the Enterprise Marketing Pages, the ads, content, and marketing you see may be less relevant.
Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email.
The length of time a cookie will stay on your browser or device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay until they expire or are deleted. The expiration time or retention period applicable to persistent cookies depends on the purpose of the cookie collection and tool used. You may be able to delete cookie data. For more information, see
GitHub General Privacy Statement
.
What are cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, local storage, and mobile analytics, to operate and provide our Services. When visiting Enterprise Marketing Pages, like resources.github.com, these and additional cookies, like advertising IDs, may be used for sales and marketing purposes.
Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called “single-pixel” or “clear GIFs”) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content.
Mobile identifiers for analytics can be accessed and used by apps on mobile devices in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. When visiting Enterprise Marketing pages, like resources.github.com, on a mobile device these may allow us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to collect data for sales and marketing purposes.
We may also use so-called “flash cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects” or “LSOs”) to collect and store information about your use of our Services. Flash cookies are commonly used for advertisements and videos.
How do we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies?
The GitHub Services use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our Services perform, track your interaction with the Services, develop inferences, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. Some of these cookies and technologies may be provided by third parties, including service providers and advertising partners. For example, our analytics and advertising partners may use these technologies in our Services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) related to your online activities over time and across Services for various purposes, including targeted advertising. GitHub will place non-essential cookies on pages where we market products and services to enterprise customers, for example, on resources.github.com.
We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.
The table below provides additional information about how we use different types of cookies:
Purpose
Description
Required Cookies
GitHub uses required cookies to perform essential website functions and to provide the services. For example, cookies are used to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, improve user experience, and for audience measurement. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Analytics
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better. For example, cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. We also use some analytics cookies to provide personalized advertising.
Social Media
GitHub and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on GitHub’s websites. This ensures that the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests. This also enables third parties to develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by GitHub.
Advertising
In addition, GitHub and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads based on ads you've already seen. Cookies also track which ads you click or purchases you make after clicking an ad. This is done both for payment purposes and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, cookies are used to detect when you click an ad and to show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
What are your cookie choices and controls?
You have several options to disable non-essential cookies:
Specifically on GitHub Enterprise Marketing Pages
Any GitHub page that serves non-essential cookies will have a link in the page’s footer to cookie settings. You can express your preferences at any time by clicking on that linking and updating your settings.
Some users will also be able to manage non-essential cookies via a cookie consent banner, including the options to accept, manage, and reject all non-essential cookies.
Generally for all websites
You can control the cookies you encounter on the web using a variety of widely-available tools. For example:
If your browser sends a
Do Not Track
(DNT) signal, GitHub will not set non-essential cookies and will not load third party resources which set non-essential cookies.
Many browsers provide cookie controls which may limit the types of cookies you encounter online. Check out the documentation for your browser to learn more.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block tracking, such as
Privacy Badger
, non-essential cookies set by a website or third parties may be disabled.
If you enable a browser extension designed to block unwanted content, such as
uBlock Origin
, non-essential cookies will be disabled to the extent that content that sets non-essential cookies will be blocked.
You may use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) to communicate your privacy preferences. If GitHub detects the GPC signal from your device, GitHub will not share your data (we do not sell your data). To learn more, visit
Global Privacy Control — Take Control Of Your Privacy
Advertising controls. Our advertising partners may participate in associations that provide simple ways to opt out of ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States:
NAI
and
DAA
Canada:
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Europe:
European Digital Advertising Alliance
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our Services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
US State Specific Information
This section provides extra information specifically for residents of certain US states that have distinct data privacy laws and regulations. These laws may grant specific rights to residents of these states when the laws come into effect. This section uses the term “personal information” as an equivalent to the term “Personal Data.”
Privacy Rights
These rights are common to the US State privacy laws:
Right to Knowledge and Correction: You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you and the right to correct inaccurate information. You can exercise this right by contacting us. You can also access and edit basic account information in your settings.
Right to Know Data Recipients: We share your information with service providers for legitimate business operations, such as data storage and hosting. For more details, please see “Sharing Your Information” below.
Right to request Deletion: You reserve the right to request the deletion of your data, barring a few exceptions. Such exceptions include circumstances where we are required to retain data to comply with legal obligations, detect fraudulent activity, investigate reports of abuse or other violations of our Terms of Service, or rectify security issues. Upon receiving your verified request, we will promptly delete your personal information (unless an exception applies), and instruct our service providers to do the same. We employ brief retention terms by design.
Right to a Timely Response: You are allowed to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We commit to responding to your request within 45 days. In complex cases, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days.
Non-Discrimination: We will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. On the contrary, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and contact us with any questions.
Notice of Collection of Personal Information
We may collect various categories of personal information about our website visitors and users of "Services" which includes GitHub applications, software, products, or services. That information includes identifiers/contact information, demographic information, payment information, commercial information, internet or electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, and inferences drawn from such information.
We collect this information for various purposes. This includes identifying accessibility gaps and offering targeted support, fostering diversity and representation, providing services, troubleshooting, conducting business operations such as billing and security, improving products and supporting research, communicating important information, ensuring personalized experiences, and promoting safety and security.
Exercising your Privacy Rights
To make an access, deletion, correction, or opt-out request, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com and follow the instructions provided. We may need to verify your identity before processing your request. If you choose to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, please ensure they have your signed permission or power of attorney as required.
To opt out of the sharing of your personal information, you can click on the "Do Not Share My Personal Information" link on the footer of our Websites or use the Global Privacy Control ("GPC") if available. Authorized agents can also submit opt-out requests on your behalf.
California
Mandatory Disclosures
We also make the following disclosures for purposes of compliance with California privacy law:
We collected the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender), payment card information associated with you, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above.
The sources of personal information from whom we collected are: directly from you, automatically or from third parties.
The business or commercial purposes of collecting personal information are as summarized above and in our Privacy Statement under Processing Purposes.
We disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, demographic information (such as gender and rough geographic location), payment information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, visual or similar information, and inferences drawn from the above. We disclosed each category to third-party business partners and service providers, third-party sites or platforms such as social networking sites, and other third parties as described in the Sharing of Personal Data section of our Privacy Statement.
As defined by applicable law, we “shared” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers/contact information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We shared each category to or with advertising networks, data analytics providers, and social networks.
The business or commercial purpose of sharing personal information is to assist us with marketing, advertising, and audience measurement.
We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of age.
Shine the Light Act
Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing (privacy[at]github[dot]com). Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
Removal of Content
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To remove content or information you have publicly posted, please submit a
Private Information Removal request
. Alternatively, to request that we remove such content or information, please send a detailed description of the specific content or information you wish to have removed to
GitHub support
. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. If you have any questions about our privacy practices with respect to California residents, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
We value the trust you place in us and are committed to handling your personal information with care and respect. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please email our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]github[dot]com.
Colorado/Connecticut/Virginia
If you live in Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia you have some additional rights:
If we deny your rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. We will provide you with the necessary information to submit an appeal at that time.
You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. GitHub does not engage in such profiling as defined by Colorado law, so there’s no need to opt out.
Nevada
We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Statement, please send an email to privacy[at]github[dot]com.
Sub-policy 6
https://slack.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Trust navigation
Overview
Slack privacy policy
Privacy FAQ
Data request overview
Data request policy
Transparency report
Cookie policy
Slack's GDPR Commitment
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) FAQ
CCPA metric disclosure
FERPA Compliance
Overview
Transparency and control
Privacy principles: search, learning and intelligence
Legal overview
Effective: 5th July 2023
This Privacy Policy describes how Slack collects, uses and discloses information associated with an identified or identifiable individual (referred to in this Privacy Policy as
‘Personal Data’
) and what choices you have around this activity. If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
When we refer to ‘
Slack
’, we mean Slack Technologies, LLC or Slack Technologies Limited, as explained in more detail in the ‘Identifying the data controller and processor’ section below.
Table of contents:
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
Information we collect and receive
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
How we share and disclose information
Data retention
Security
Age limitations
Changes to this Privacy Policy
International data transfers
Data Protection Officer
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Your rights
California privacy rights
Data Protection Authority
Contacting Slack
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Slack’s online workplace productivity tools and platform, including the associated Slack mobile and desktop applications (collectively, the ‘
Services
’), Slack.com and other Slack websites (collectively, the ‘
Websites
’) and other interactions (e.g. customer service enquiries, user conferences, etc.) that you may have with Slack. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of Slack’s business. For the avoidance of doubt, this is the only privacy policy that applies to Slack.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Slack platform (‘
Third-Party Services
’), or any other third-party products, services or businesses who will provide their services under their own terms of service and privacy policy. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the ‘
Customer Agreement
’), including the processing of data such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts (collectively, ‘
Customer Data
’). The organisation (e.g. your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (the ‘
Customer
’) controls its instance of the Services (its ‘
Workspace
’) and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Workspace settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose Workspace you use. If you have an account, you can check
http://slack.com/account/team
for the contact information of your workspace owner(s) and administrator(s). If you have received an invitation to join a Workspace but have not yet created an account, you should request assistance from the Customer that sent the invitation.
California notice of collection of personal information: We collect the information described below under ‘Information we collect and receive’ for the business and commercial purposes described below under ‘Information use’. To learn more about exercising your California privacy rights, please review the ‘California privacy rights’ section below.
Information we collect and receive
Slack will collect and receive information through operating the Services and Websites, and through other interactions with Slack. Such information will include Customer Data and other information and data (‘
Other Information
’) in a variety of ways:
Customer Data
. Customers or individuals granted access to a Workspace by a Customer (‘
Authorised Users
’) routinely submit Customer Data (such as messages, files or other content submitted through Services accounts) to Slack when using the Services.
Other Information.
Slack also collects, generates and/or receives the following categories of Other Information:
Workspace and account information
: To create or update a Workspace account, you or our Customer (e.g. your employer) supply Slack with an email address, phone number, password, domain and/or other account set-up details (for more detail on Workspace creation,
click here
. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide Slack (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information and/or a billing address.
Usage information:
Services metadata
. When an Authorised User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way that an Authorised User uses the Services. For example, Slack logs the Workspaces, channels, people, features, content and links that you view or interact with, the types of files shared and what Third-Party Services are used (if any).
Log data
. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page that you visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time that the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, and your language preferences.
Device information
. Slack collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
Location information
. We receive information from you, our Customers and other third parties that helps us to approximate your location. We may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer (who is our Customer) or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location to assist with localisation or for security purposes.
Cookie information
: Slack uses a variety of cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services to help us collect Other Information. For more details about how we use these technologies, and your opt-out controls and other options, please visit our
Cookie policy
.
Third-Party Services information
: A Customer can choose to permit or restrict Third-Party Services for its Workspace and Slack can receive personal data from such Third-Party Services. Typically, Third-Party Services are software that integrate with our Services, and a Customer can permit its Authorised Users to enable and disable these integrations for its Workspace (for more details on third-party application management, settings and permissions,
click here
). Slack may also develop and offer Slack applications that connect the Services with a Third-Party Service. Once enabled, the provider of a Third-Party Service may share certain information with Slack. For example, if a cloud storage application that you are using is enabled to permit files to be imported to a Workspace, we may receive the user name and email address of Authorised Users, along with additional information that the application makes available to Slack to facilitate the integration. Authorised Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third-Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to Slack. When a Third-Party Service is enabled, Slack is authorised to connect and access Other Information made available to Slack in accordance with our agreement with the provider of the Third-Party Service and any permission(s) granted by our Customer (including by its Authorised User(s)). Examples of information which Slack may receive in this manner include whether you successfully created a new account or interacted with a third-party application in a way that is attributable to Slack usage activity. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third-Party Services when connecting them to the Services. For more information on Slack’s interaction with Third-Party Services,
click here
.
Contact information
: In accordance with the consent process provided by your device or other third-party API, any contact information that an Authorised User chooses to import (such as importing an address book to find colleagues and Slack Connect contacts or calendar from a device or API), forward or upload to the Services (for example, when sending emails to the Services) is collected when using the Services.
Third-party data
: Slack may receive data about organisations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information that we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to postcodes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Audio and video metadata
: Slack may receive, capture and store metadata derived from your use of features such as Slack huddles or clips, and additional related data such as data regarding the date and time of your Slack huddle and the Authorised User that you connected with.
Additional information provided to Slack
: We also receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or in other ways, such as responses or opinions that you provide if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, feedback that you provide about our products or services, information that you provide if you apply for a job with Slack, enrol in a certification programme or other educational programme hosted by Slack or a vendor, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Slack.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively “
Information
”). However, certain Information is collected automatically and if some Information, such as Workspace setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
Customer Data will be used by Slack in accordance with a Customer’s instructions, including to provide the Services, any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement, a Customer’s use of Services functionality and as required by applicable law. Slack is a processor of Customer Data and the Customer is the controller. The Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to a Workspace, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share and remove Customer Data, and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.
Slack uses Other Information to operate our Services, Websites and business. More specifically, Slack uses Other Information for the following purposes:
Compliance with a legal obligation:
Slack processes Other Information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others. For example, a search warrant or production order from law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as your profile picture or IP address.
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, contact information, third-party data, audio and video metadata, and additional information provided to Slack for compliance with a legal obligation.
Legitimate interests
:
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (‘legitimate interests’).
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, contact information, third-party data, audio and video metadata, and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
This includes the use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Customer Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyse and monitor usage, trends and other activities, or at an Authorised User’s request.
It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
Slack tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific Workspaces and Authorised Users. For example, we may:
improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorised User;
make Services or Third-Party Service suggestions based on historical use and predictive models;
identify organisational trends and insights;
customise a Services experience; or
create new productivity features and products.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Customers and Authorised Users to continuously improve and develop the customer support that we provide.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
We may use a variety of tools such as device fingerprinting to prevent issues and abuse. We may process, including in an automated fashion, Other Information to better understand how Slack is used or to prevent spam or abuse.
It is in our interest to keep the Services secure and to detect, prevent and address abuse (such as spam) and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity on the Services.
To aggregate or de-identify information.
In some cases, we aggregate or de-identify information that we have associated with you and use the resulting information, for example, to improve the Services.
It is in our interest to research and improve the Services;
It is in the interests of Customers and Authorised Users to practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information.
Share information with others, including law enforcement, and to respond to legal requests.
It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of Slack, violations of our terms or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Transfer, store or process your information outside the European Economic Area.
As the Websites and Services operate globally, with Customers around the world, we need to share information that we collect globally. We carry out necessary transfers outside the European Economic Area, including to Australia, Canada, Japan, India, South Korea and the United States, to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
For more information, review the ‘International data transfers’ section below.
It is in our and your interests to provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
We use Workspace and account information, Third-Party Services information, third-party data and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and questions.
If you contact us, we may use your Other Information to respond.
It is in our, our Customers’ and Authorised Users’ interests to facilitate communication (for example to answer questions from Customers).
To send service emails and other communications.
For example, we may:
send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages and other types of communications; or
contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services, and you may not opt out of them. It is in our Customers’ and Authorised Users’ interests to address service-related issues.
We use Workspace and account information and usage information for the following legitimate interests:
For billing, account management and other administrative matters.
Slack may need to contact you for invoicing, account management and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
It is in our interest to facilitate the effective provision and administration of the Websites and Services.
We use Workspace and account information, usage information, cookie information, Third-Party Services information, third-party data and additional information provided to Slack for the following legitimate interests:
To send marketing emails and other communications.
We sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about Slack. These are marketing messages, so you can control whether you receive them. If you have additional questions about a message that you have received from Slack, please get in touch through the contact mechanisms described below.
It is in our interest to promote the Websites and Services and send our direct marketing.
How we share and disclose information
This section describes how Slack may share and disclose Information, as described in the section entitled ‘Information we collect and receive’ above. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information to third parties. Slack does not control how a Customer or any third party chooses to share or disclose Information.
The Customer’s instructions.
Slack may share and disclose Information in accordance with a Customer’s instructions and with appropriate consent, including any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and the Customer’s use of Services functionality and in compliance with applicable law and legal process. Some sharing at a Customer’s request may incur additional fees.
To enable Slack to follow our Customers’ instructions, Slack provides several
administrator controls
to allow Customers to manage their Workspaces. For example, we follow our Customers’ instructions to enable or disable Authorised Users’ use of various features of the Services, such as
clips
or
Slack huddles
,
channel posting permissions
, the sharing and visibility of direct messages including files, or whether and how Authorised Users can connect with other organisations’ Workspaces through Slack Connect.
We also follow Customer and Authorised User instructions on how an Authorised User’s profile may be displayed within a
Customer’s Workspace
or when shared through
Slack Connect
or other features.
Customers may also provide their Authorised Users with the ability to adjust the audience and visibility of certain Customer Data. To learn more, visit our
Help Centre
to understand what choices and settings are available.
Displaying the Services.
When an Authorised User submits Information, it may be displayed or discoverable to other Authorised Users in the same or connected Workspaces or Slack Connect instances. For example, an Authorised User’s email address may be displayed with their Workspace profile, or other profile and organisational information may be displayed to Authorised Users. Please consult the
Help Centre
for more information on Services functionality.
Collaborating with others.
The Services provide different ways for Authorised Users working in independent Workspaces to collaborate, such as Slack Connect or email interoperability. Information, such as an Authorised User’s profile and organisational information, may be shared, subject to the policies and practices of the Workspace(s) that you use. For example, depending on the settings of your Workspace, to enable connections with other Authorised Users, your profile may be shared or searchable or discoverable by Authorised Users or other users outside of the Workspace(s) that you belong to, or shared via email when you invite an Authorised User or other user to collaborate via Slack Connect. In many instances, Slack includes either administrator controls or user controls, depending on the use case, with respect to external collaboration. Authorised Users may also decide to expand the visibility of certain content and Customer Data, such as files.
Customer access.
Owners, administrators, Authorised Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify or restrict access to Information. This may include, for example, your employer using features of the Services to access or modify your profile details, or to export logs of Workspace activity. For information about your Workspace settings, please visit
https://slack.com/account/settings
.
Third-party service providers and partners.
We may engage third-party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services, assist Slack with verifying Owners and Customers, or we may share business information to develop strategic partnerships with Third-Party Service providers to support our common customers. In this respect, depending on the Third-Party Service provided, Slack may share your Information. Additional information about the subprocessors that we use to support delivery of our Services is set forth in the Salesforce
Infrastructure and subprocessors documentation
.
Third-Party Services.
A Customer may enable, or permit Authorised Users to enable, Third-Party Services. We require each Third-Party Service provider to disclose all permissions for information accessible through the Services, but we do not guarantee that they do so. When Third-Party Services are enabled by a Customer or an Authorised User, Slack may share Information with Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services are not owned or controlled by Slack and third parties that have been granted access to Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection, use and sharing. Please check the permissions, privacy settings and notices for these Third-Party Services, or contact the provider if you have any questions.
Forums.
The Information that you choose to provide in a community forum, including personal data, will be publicly available.
Organisers and sponsors of events/webinars.
If you attend an event or webinar organised by Slack, we may share your profile and organisational information with the event or webinar sponsors when you register, have your badge scanned or join a breakout room. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. For more information, please refer to the terms provided when you register for such an event or webinar.
Professional advisers.
We may share your Information with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, controllers or joint controllers – including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Information containing personal data.
Corporate affiliates.
Slack may share Information with our corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
During a change to Slack’s business.
If Slack engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, sale of some or all of Slack’s assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities, some or all of the Information described in the ‘Information we collect and receive’ section may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
Aggregated or deidentified Data.
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Information with prospects or partners for business or research.
Law enforcement and regulators.
If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe that disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process. Please review the
Data request policy
,
Data request overview
and
Transparency report
to understand how Slack responds to requests to disclose data from government agencies, law enforcement entities and other sources. This may at times include information that Slack Technologies, LLC processes on behalf of Slack Technologies Limited in its role as a subprocessor, including as pursuant to the terms of any data protection agreement between Slack and its Customers.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Slack, its users or third parties, including enforcing its contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing illegal activity, fraud or security issues, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
With consent.
Slack may share Information with third parties when we have consent to do so or as otherwise permitted in this Privacy Policy. For Workspaces registered to corporate entities, Slack may share Information with consent of the Workspace primary owner or authorised corporate officer, or their designee. For workplaces created without a formal affiliation, Slack may require user consent.
Data retention
Slack will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer’s instructions (including to perform any applicable terms in the Customer Agreement and through the Customer’s use of Services functionality) and as required by applicable law. The Customer may customise its retention settings and, depending on the Services subscription, apply those customised settings at the Workspace level, channel level or other level. The Customer may also apply different settings to messages, files or other types of Customer Data. The deletion of Customer Data and other use of the Services by the Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain associated Other Information. For more detail, please review the
Help Centre
or contact the Customer.
Slack may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (such as to provide the Services, including any optional features that you use, and to provide customer support). This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for Slack to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Security
Slack takes security of data very seriously. Slack works hard to protect Information that you provide from loss, misuse and unauthorised access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Information that we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. Slack has received internationally recognised security certifications. To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of the Services, please visit our
Security practices
. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Slack cannot guarantee that Information during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others. When you click a link to a third-party site, you will be leaving our site, and we don’t control or endorse what is on third-party sites.
Age limitations
Slack does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 16 years old, to the extent prohibited by applicable law. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with personal data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Slack may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our services or business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Slack will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
International data transfers
Slack may transfer your Personal Data to countries other than the one in which you live, including transfers to the United States. To the extent that Personal Data is transferred abroad, Slack will ensure compliance with the requirements of the applicable laws in the respective jurisdiction in line with Slack’s obligations.
In particular, we offer the following safeguards if Slack transfers Personal Data from jurisdictions with differing data protection laws:
European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses.
Slack uses Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (and the equivalent standard contractual clauses for the UK, where appropriate) for transfers to, among others, Australia, Canada, India, Japan, South Korea and the United States. Slack will transfer your Personal Data to facilitate the provision of the Services. A copy of our standard data processing addendum, incorporating the Standard Contractual Clauses, is
available here
, and a copy of the executed version of the Standard Contractual Clauses may be obtained by contacting us as described in the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below.
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Cross-Border Privacy Rules System and Privacy Recognition For Processors.
Slack’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (‘APEC’) Cross Border Privacy Rules (‘CBPR’) system and the Privacy Recognition for Processors (‘PRP’). The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organisations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies, and the PRP demonstrates an organisation’s ability to provide effective implementation of a personal data controller’s privacy obligations related to the processing of personal information. More information about the APEC framework can be
found here
. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to our
APEC, CBPR or PRP certifications
that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may
contact
our third-party dispute resolution provider.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email
dpo@slack.com
.
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the ‘controller’ and ‘processor’ of information. In general, the Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, Slack is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of Other Information. Different Slack entities provide the Services in different parts of the world.
Slack Technologies Limited
, an Irish company based in Dublin, Ireland, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside of the US and Canada.
Slack Technologies
, LLC, a US company based in San Francisco, California, is the controller of Other Information and a processor of Customer Data relating to Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada.
Your rights
Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Brazil and across the globe have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to your personal information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this information. You can do this using the settings and tools provided in your Services account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact the Customer who controls your workspace for additional access and assistance. Please check
https://slack.com/account/settings
for Customer contact information.
To the extent that Slack’s processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation or other applicable laws requiring a legal basis for processing Personal Data, such as the UK Data Protection Act and the Brazilian General Data Protection Act (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados), Slack primarily relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your Personal Data. Where we rely on legitimate interests to process your Personal Data, you can object to that processing by contacting us as described in the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below. In response to your objection, we will stop processing your information for the relevant purposes unless we have compelling grounds in the circumstances or the processing is necessary in the context of legal claims. Slack may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, and you have a right to object to Slack’s use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.
Your California privacy rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information that we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or ‘CCPA’, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act or ‘CPRA’.
California law requires that we detail the categories of personal information that we collect and disclose for certain ‘business purposes’, such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in earlier sections of this Privacy Policy. In addition to the information provided above in the ‘Information we collect and receive’ section, we collect the following categories of personal information from you, your employer, data analytics providers, data brokers and Third-Party Services for our business purposes:
Identifiers/contact information;
Commercial information;
Internet or electronic network activity information;
Financial information;
Geolocation information;
Professional or employment-related information;
Audio and visual data;
In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected under California or United States law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the above categories.
We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the ‘
How we process your information and our legal bases for doing so
’ section above. We share this information as described in the ‘
How we share and disclose information
’ section above. Slack does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA or otherwise) the personal information that we collect (and will not sell it without providing a right to opt out). We may also share personal information (in the form of identifiers and Internet activity information) with third-party advertisers for the purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Slack websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect personal information from our sites or services if those third parties are authorised service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use and disclosure of such personal information, or if you use our sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your personal information to third parties.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information that we collect (including how we use, disclose or may sell this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any ‘sales’, to know and opt out of sharing of personal information for delivering advertisements on non-Slack websites, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by contacting us at
privacy@slack.com
or by filling in
this form
. We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including the email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorised agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. Authorised agents must submit proof of authorisation.
If you would like to opt out of sharing activity based on your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls.  If you would like to opt out of sharing activity based on other identifiers (such as email address or phone number), contact us in accordance with the ‘Contacting Slack’ section below.
For more information on Slack’s role and obligations under the CCPA, please visit Slack’s
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) FAQ
.
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Slack’s use of Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following
website
. If you are a resident of the United Kingdom you may contact the UK supervisory authority, the
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
Contacting Slack
Please also feel free to contact Slack if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Slack’s practices or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. Slack will respond within a reasonable timeframe. You can contact us at
privacy@slack.com
or at our postal address below:
For Customers and Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers in the US and Canada:
Slack Technologies, LLC
50 Fremont Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
United States
or
For Customers and Authorised Users who use Workspaces established for Customers outside the US and Canada:
Slack Technologies Limited
Salesforce Tower
60 R801, North Dock
Dublin
Ireland
Esc
We use cookies to make your interactions with our website more meaningful. They help us better understand how our websites are used, so we can tailor content for you. For more information about the different cookies we are using, read the
Privacy Statement
. To change your cookie settings and preferences, click the Cookie Consent Manager button.
Cookie Consent Manager
Reject All Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Cookie Consent Manager
We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose to opt out of functional and advertising cookies. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings.
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
Manage Cookie Preferences
Always Active
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Cookies Details‎
Advertising Cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 7
https://www.kitronik.co.uk/data-protection-policy/:
Electronic Kits
Easy Build Kits
Intermediate Kits
Lighting kits & modules
Amplifier kits
Pre-programmed PIC Kits
Programmable PIC Kits
Kitronik PIC Kits
PICAXE Project Kits
Custom bulk PCB service
Materials
Perspex & Acrylic Sheets
Value Acrylic Sheets
Greencast
Engraving laminates
Opaque Perspex Sheets
Transparent Perspex Sheets
Fluorescent Perspex Sheets
Clear & Mirrored Acrylic Sheets
Frosted Perspex Sheets
Special Finish Sheets
Glitter Acrylic Sheets
Acrylic Tube | Rod | Bubble Rod
1000mm x 600mm
800mm x 450mm
600mm x 400mm
600mm x 300mm
300mm x 200mm
A4 297mm x 210mm
Laser Plywood (LaserPly)
Birch Laser Plywood
Poplar Laser Plywood
Ceiba Laser Plywood
Polypropylene Sheets
0.8mm Polypropylene Sheets
0.5mm Polypropylene Sheets
Fluted Polypropylene Sheets
MDF
2mm Laser Compatible MDF
3mm Laser Compatible MDF
4mm Laser Compatible MDF
6mm Laser Compatible MDF
9mm Laser Compatible MDF
800mm x 600mm Laser Compatible MDF
600mm x 400mm Laser Compatible MDF
600mm x 300mm Laser Compatible MDF
400mm x 300mm Laser Compatible MDF
Veneered Sheet Material
Ash
Beech
Birch
Cherry
Maple
Oak
Painted
Pine
Walnut
Laserables
PETG Sheets
High Impact Polystyrene Sheets HIPS
Sustainable Materials
Bamboo Sheets
Smart Materials
PVC Sheet
Veneers
Craft Foam
Laser Compatible Rubber
Laser Compatible Cork
Craft Kits
Coding
microbit & accessories
BBC micro:bit
BBC micro:bit accessories
Raspberry Pi Pico
Raspberry Pi Pico Boards
Raspberry Pi Pico Kits
Raspberry Pi Pico Add-Ons
Raspberry Pi Pico Accessories
Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi Boards
Raspberry Pi Kits & Bundles
Raspberry Pi HATs pHATs & GPIO
Raspberry Pi Accessories
Products for Arduino
Shields for Arduino
Arduino Compatible Sensors & Breakout Boards
Cables & Connectors for Arduino
Kits for Arduino
Arduino Compatible Mainboards
MakeCode Arcade Boards
Kitronik Inventor's Kits
Lesson in a box
Gaming
Environmental Monitoring
Grove Systems
E-Textiles
E-Textiles Kits
Conductive Thread & Material
E-Textiles Switches & Sensors
Sewable Buzzers
LEDs for E-Textiles
Easy Sew LEDs
E-Textiles Compatible LEDs
E-Textiles Power Boards
Batteries for E-Textiles
Programmable E-Textiles
Kitronik Programmable E-Textiles
LillyPad Programmable E-Textiles
Robotics
:MOVE mini & Accessories
Buggy Kits
Robotics Kits & Parts
Motors | Gearboxes | Solenoids
Motor control
Propeller & Impeller Blades
Pulleys | Axles | Tyres
Servos & Accessories
Wheels and Castors
Components
Breakout Boards
Kitronik Breakout Boards
SparkFun Breakout Boards
Voltage Regulator Boards
LEDs & Lamps
Kitronik ZIP LEDs
E-Textiles Kits
Standard LEDs
Flashing LEDs
Ultra Bright LEDs
Colour Changing & RGB LEDs
5mm Super Flux LEDs
High Luminosity Power LEDs
5V LEDs
LED Spacers & Holders
Seven Segment Displays
LED Strips
Lamps
Clocks & Accessories
Switches & Sensors
Thermistors
Switches
Light Sensors
Microphone
Movement & Force
Current Sensors
Weather Sensors
Resistors & Accessories
Resistors
Potentiometer Knobs
Capacitors
Ceramic Disc Capacitors
Electrolytic Capacitors
Super Capacitor
Semiconductors
Transistors & Thyristors
Diodes
Integrated Circuits (ICs)
IC Sockets
Heatsinks
Storage Trays
Audio
Buzzers With Built-in Drive
Buzzers Without Drive
Speakers
Microphone
Component Kits
Relays
Batteries & Power
Battery Holders
Batteries
Solar
Power Supplies & USB Power
Tools & Testing
Hand Tools
Test Equipment
Soldering Equipment
Wires, Leads & Connectors
Wire
Leads & Connectors
PCB Equipment
Copper Clad Board & Strip Board
PCB Fixing Equipment
Miscellaneous PCB Equipment
Fuses
Filter by....
New Arrivals
Made by Kitronik
Gift Ideas
Clearance
Resources
D&T resources
Teaching Resources
STEM makes
Kitronik university - electronics
Kitronik university - BBC microbit
Kitronik university – materials
Kitronik university - 3D printers
Tutorials on electronics
Tutorials on coding
Tutorials on Electro-Fashion
Tutorials on 3D printing
Resources for Kitronik kits
Student photo gallery
Materials guides
Coding tutorials
News
Privacy policy
Data Protection Privacy Policy
At Kitronik we take the protection of our customers’ personal details very seriously. It goes without saying that we will never sell on your details and we only share them with a small number of companies essential to providing the service. The type of information we keep and what it is used for depends on why you gave us the data in the first place, as detailed in the paragraphs below.
Kitronik may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1/11/2010.
Placing an order
If you have placed an order online then Kitronik store the details of what was on the order, the delivery address and your contact details as this is all required so we can meet the contractual requirements of fulfilling the order. Your address and contact information will be shared with the Royal Mail or our preferred courier in order that we can ship the order. Your email address will be used to confirm the order and to inform you that the goods are on the way. We will only use your phone number if we have a query with the order.
If you have checked out without creating an account we store these details for 12 months allowing refunds or replacement under warrantee to be an easy experience and so that we can contact you should we need to recall a product that you have purchased. At the end of the 12 months all your personal details are erased, we still know what products were sold, but we don’t know anything about the buyer.
If you have created an account then the details of your order are stored for a period of 3 years so that you can look back at your order history, should you wish to reorder.
If you have a credit account or distributor account with us then we also keep the order history for a period of 3 years.
Email list
If you have signed up to our email list then your email address is stored by MailChimp and is only used in order that we can keep you up to date. You can withdraw from this service at any point in time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all emails.
Paper marketing list
Most UK secondary schools receive a termly update flyer and a new catalogue once a year. This is sent to as many or as few staff members as the school likes. If you wish to change the name of the person we send it to, add a new name or stop receiving these communications please get in touch with the customer service team by phone or email.
Website
The Kitronik website runs on the Shopify platform, if you place an order with us Shopify will store your details so we can facilitate processing the order. If you make use of the stock notifications emails we use a third party app from Zooomy apps, who need to store your email so they are able to email you when the item is back in stock. Your browsing information may be shared with Google and Facebook for advertising purposes.
Website cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
We also use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to this website.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. The Kitronik website relies on cookies and will not function correctly without them.
List of cookies we collect
Shopify
The Kitronik website is hosted on the Shopify platform. Shopify allows users to localise their experience using cookies to store location and currency information, logged in status is also stored in a cookie. Cookies are used to differentiate carts as well as allow the checkout process to function. Shopify logs the pages you have visited. On some product pages there is the option to buy locally, if you select your country this is remembered in a cookie.
Facebook & Google
Cookies are used by Facebook and Google to log information on which pages you have visited.
Youtube
On product or resource pages that contain a video, cookies will be used by Youtube to store session ID and preferences which are needed to allow the videos to be played.
Google Play Store apps
Kitronik collects no data or personal information from users that download this app. There is no way to create a user account from within the app, there are no in app purchases, no in app advertising, and there are no app push notifications.
The app will request permission to access Bluetooth and Location, this is used solely for app functionality. No usage data is collected or transmitted by Kitronik or a third party.
This policy applies to the following apps: Kitronik Bluetooth Control.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Your rights
Should you wish, you can ask to see your personal data and can request that any errors are corrected. You also have the right to withdraw your consent for us using your personal data and have the right to be forgotten. Please get in touch with the customer service team by phone or email should you wish to do any of these.
If you don’t feel that we have acted on your requests then you are entitled to make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority.
This information has been produced by Geoff Hampson, the data controller at Kitronik. If you have any questions regarding it please
get in touch with the customer service team
, who will be glad to assist you.
Free UK Delivery*
Spend over £40 (ex VAT) and get free delivery. (excludes sheet materials and offshore / remote areas).
No Quibble Refunds
If you don't like the product for whatever reason, send it back (packaged and unused) for a full refund.
Product Support
Free Email and telephone support on all our products.
Secure Payments
Pay securely using credit / debit card or by Paypal.
Sub-policy 8
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 9
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and how to review and update it.
Read our Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Describes the rules you agree to when using our services.
Read our Terms of Service
Google Safety Center
Making products for everyone means protecting everyone who uses them. Visit safety.google to learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online.
Explore what we do to help keep you safe
Google Account
Control, protect, and secure your account, all in one place. Your Google Account gives you quick access to settings and tools that let you safeguard your data and protect your privacy.
Visit your Google Account
Our Privacy and Security Principles
We build privacy that works for everyone. It’s a responsibility that comes with creating products and services that are accessible for all. We look to these principles to guide our products, our processes, and our people in keeping our users’ data private, safe, and secure.
Explore our Privacy and Security Principles
Google Product Privacy Guide
As you use Gmail, Search, YouTube, and other products from Google, you have the power to control and protect your personal information and usage history. The
Google Product Privacy Guide
can help you find information about how to manage some of the privacy features built into Google's products.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 10
https://www.jotform.com/privacy/:
Post ID
Table of Contents
Information We Collect
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
How Long We Retain Your Information
Requests to Delete, Amend or Withdraw Consent – Non-EEA, UK or Australian Residents
Additional Terms for European Economic Area, UK and Australian Residents
Brazil Users and Customers
How to Contact Us Regarding Your Personal Information
Home
Open or Close
Information We Collect
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
How Long We Retain Your Information
Requests to Delete, Amend or Withdraw Consent – Non-EEA, UK or Australian Residents
Additional Terms for European Economic Area, UK and Australian Residents
Brazil Users and Customers
How to Contact Us Regarding Your Personal Information
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how Jotform handles your personal information and data, and applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Jotform Inc., Jotform Ltd, Jotform Pty Ltd, Jotform Canada Inc., and their affiliates (collectively, “Jotform”), except where otherwise noted. Jotform products, services and websites are collectively referred to as the “services” in this policy. Unless otherwise noted, all services are provided by Jotform Inc., which is based in the United States.
In this policy, “you” refers to those who use and/or interact with any or all of our products, services, and websites, and “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Jotform. “Customer”(s) refers specifically to those who use Jotform services. “Form Responders” refers to those who fill in and/or submit forms used by our Customers.  “AI Functionality Users” refers to those who interact with AI Functionality on our Platform and/or websites.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
From Our Customers
Registration information.
When you register for an account with us so you can create and/or use forms, we collect your username, password and email address.
Billing information.
If you make a payment to Jotform Inc., we require that you provide your billing details, including name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder. Our integrations with third party payment gateways are for processing only. We don’t store or log any sensitive cardholder data provided by you or your form users. We follow industry-standard best practices to protect the security of cardholder data during processing and transmission. Jotform Inc. is certified as a PCI DSS Level 1 Compliant Service Provider, and we perform annual audits to ensure that our handling of your credit card information aligns with industry guidelines.
Read more here
.
Account settings.
Our customers can set various preferences and personal details on pages, such as your
account settings page
. For example, your default language, timezone and communication preferences (e.g. opting in or out of receiving marketing emails from us).
Form data.
We store our customers’ form data (form fields and input and data inputted in those fields), in some cases using third party server providers such as Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud.
Data you use to create forms is owned by you.
We treat your forms as  private, unless you make them available to members of the public. We don’t sell or make forms you’ve created available to anyone, nor do we use the form responses you collect, for purposes unrelated to you or our services, except in a limited set of circumstances (e.g. if we are compelled by a subpoena or court order, or if you’ve given us permission to do so).
Jotform safeguards responders’ email addresses.
To make it easier for you to invite people to complete your forms via email, you may upload lists of email addresses, in which case we act as a mere custodian of that data. We don’t sell these email addresses or make them available to others except as directed by you and in accordance with this policy. The same is true for any email addresses collected through your forms.
Jotform holds your data securely.
Read our
Security Statement
for more information. This includes any personal information you provide to us, including but not limited to where a customer voluntarily shares their phone number or other sms information with us so we may contact them.
Form data is stored on servers located in the United States.
Our customers have the option to store their data in the EU. See
https://www.jotform.com/security/
for more information.
From Visitors to Our Websites
Usage data.
We collect usage data when you interact with our services. This may include which web pages you visit, what you click on, when you performed those actions, and so on. Additionally, like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, and timestamps.
Device data.
We collect data from the device and application you use to access our services, such as your IP address, operating system version, device type, system and performance information, and browser type. We may also infer your geographic location based on your IP address.
Referral data.
If you arrive at a Jotform website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us.
Information from third parties.
We may collect your personal information or data from third parties, if you have given permission to those third parties to share your information.
Information from page tags.
We use third party tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as
web beacons
) to collect aggregated and anonymized data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by Jotform or by users through our services may include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We do this to allow the email sender to measure the performance of their email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates.
See our
Cookie Policy
for more info
From Form Responders
When you fill in or complete a form used by one of our Customers, we collect information relating to you and your use of our services:
Form responses.
We collect and store the form responses that you submit, in some cases using third party server providers like Amazon Web Services or Google Cloud, on behalf of our Customers. The form creator (Customer) is responsible for this data, and they manage it. A form may ask you to provide personal information or data. If you have any questions about a form which a Customer has sent to you or given you access to fill in, or about the data to be provided in the form, please contact the form creator directly, since Jotform is not responsible for the content of that form. The form creator may have their own privacy policy.
Are your form responses anonymous?
You will need to ask the form creator as it depends on how the individual, company or organization has chosen to configure the form(s). We provide information to form creators on how they can collect responses anonymously. However, even if a form creator has followed those steps, specific questions in the form may still ask you for your personal information or data that could be used to identify you.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
Customers
We treat unique form questions and responses as information that is private, unless a party other than Jotform has made that information public. We don’t use form data other than as described in this privacy policy without our Customers’ consent. We don’t sell Customers’ form data, nor do we make it available to third parties without the Customer’s permission.
We use information gathered from and provided by our Customers to do the following for our Customers:
Provide services and technical support, assist them with form design and creation, provide technical troubleshooting, manage our relationship with them, and to gather information on how they use our services.
Certain features of our services use the content of form questions and responses and Customer account information in additional ways. Feature descriptions will identify where this is the case. Customers can avoid the use of form data in this way by simply choosing not to use such features. For example, by using our form templates feature, to add questions to forms, you also permit us to aggregate the responses you receive to those questions with responses received by other form templates users who have used the same questions. We may then report statistics about the aggregated (and de-identified) data sent to you and other form creators.
We do not share our customers’ or users’ phone numbers or other personally-identifying mobile information or consents or opt-ins with third parties, affiliates, or partners, whether for marketing/promotional, or other purposes.
AI
(Artificial Intelligence)
. We use AI (artificial intelligence) capabilities to help our users create and manage forms, to create AI “agents” that can assist the user in communicating with the user’s customers, form responders, or end users, such as through chat or simulated phone calls. Such agents are by definition not human. Our users can choose whether to create and use agents. See our
AI policy
for more information.
Third-Party Services and Apps
. If you choose to link your Jotform account with a third party account, such as your Google or Facebook account, Jotform may use the information you allow us to collect from those third parties to provide you with additional features, services, and personalized content.
For your convenience, the services may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by the owners or operators of any such websites or services. You use them at your own risk. Your use of and interactions with such websites and services are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. We suggest you review the privacy policies of such parties before providing any personal information.
In order to provide you with useful options to use the services together with social media and other applications, we may give you the option to export information to, and collect information from, third party applications and websites, including platforms such as Google and Twitter and social networking sites such as Facebook. When exporting and collecting such information, you may be disclosing your information to the individuals or organizations responsible for operating and maintaining such third party applications and sites, and your information may be accessible by others visiting or using those applications or sites. We do not own or operate third party applications or websites that you connect with – you should review the privacy policies and statements of such websites to ensure you are comfortable with the ways in which they use the information you share with them.
We use your information, including certain form data, for the following limited purposes
:
To monitor, maintain, and improve our services and features.
We internally perform statistical and other analysis on information we collect, including usage data, device data, referral data, question and response data and information from page tags, to analyze and measure user behavior and trends, to understand how people use our services, and to monitor, troubleshoot and improve our services, including to help us evaluate and design new features. We may use your information internally in order to keep our services secure and operational, such as for troubleshooting and testing purposes, and for service improvement, marketing, research and development purposes.
To enforce our Terms of Use.
To prevent potentially illegal activities.
To screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity.
For example, we have automated systems that screen content for activities such as, phishing, spam, and fraud.
To create new services, features or content.
We may use your form data and form metadata (that is, data about the characteristics of a form) for our internal purposes to create and provide new services, features or content. Regarding form metadata, we may look at statistics like response rates, question and answer word counts, and the average number of questions in a form, and publish interesting observations about these for informational or marketing purposes. When we do this, neither individual form creators nor form responders will be identified or identifiable unless we have obtained their permission.
To facilitate account creation and the logon process.
If you choose to link your Jotform account to a third party account, such as your Google or Facebook account, we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate the account creation and login process.
To contact you about your service or account.
We will occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature (e.g. service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You are prevented from opting out of this type of communication since it is required to provide our services to you.
To contact you for marketing purposes.
We will send you promotional emails only if you have consented to us contacting you for this purpose. You may opt out of these communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in them, or changing the relevant setting on your
My Account
page.
Legal Process and Law Enforcement Requests for Information
As a service provider, Jotform is legally required to turn over user data in our possession when we receive valid legal process from government authorities with proper jurisdiction. We strive to balance the needs of law enforcement and other legal process with the privacy of our customers and third parties who submit their information to our customers on their forms. Accordingly, we carefully review each legal and law enforcement request for information, and where we do produce personal information, we endeavor to produce only that information which is actually required.
For parties in North America, disclosures are governed by U.S. law and the Federal Stored Communications Act (“SCA”), 18 U.S.C. §§ 2701-2712 . For parties outside the US, our disclosures are governed by the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In general, we will turn over general information such as name, subscription inception date, information on form creation, email address, registration IP address, and, where we believe required, billing information. We require a valid subpoena, or a law enforcement request issued in connection with an official criminal investigation.
Form Responders
and AI Functionality Users
Personal information a form responder includes in a form belongs to the responder, unless the responder has given rights in that information to the Customer who provided them with the form. Check with the Customer if you have questions about that. Form submission data is managed by the form creator (the Customer). Jotform treats that information as private unless the responder and/or Customer has made it publicly available. Please contact the form creator directly to understand how they use your form responses. Some form creators may provide you with a privacy policy or notice at the time you complete its form, and we encourage you to review that to understand how the form creator will handle your responses.
In some cases, artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities assist you in filling in and/or submitting forms to our users, and in communicating with our users via chat or simulated phone calls.. When you provide information, including personal information with AI assistance, as part of such interactions with forms or our users, our AI providers may have access to the information you provide during such interactions. See our
AI policy
for more information.
We do not sell personal information gathered from form responses. We won’t use any contact details collected in our customers’ forms to contact form responders.
See the section above for information on how we use data provided by our Customers or to which our Customers have given us access.
Website Visitors
See the section above regarding information related to visitors to our websites. We use that information, including but not limited to cookies, customer data, usage data, device data, referral data and information from page tags, to manage and improve our services, to serve and support our Customers, for research purposes, and for the other various purposes described in this privacy policy.
No Sale or Leasing of Your Information
We will not sell or lease your personal information to any third party. We may disclose aggregate demographic and statistical information with our business partners, but this information is not specific to the identification of you as an individual.
Children’s Privacy
Use of our websites is intended for adults at least eighteen (18) years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally-identifying information from children under the age of thirteen (13).
Generally
We may disclose information with third parties, for limited purposes, as follows:
Your information to our service providers.
We use service providers who help us to provide you with our services. We give some personnel of these providers access to your information, but only to the extent necessary for them to perform their services for us. Our contracts with our service providers require them to maintain technical protections to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and data, to use it only for the provision of their services to us, and to handle it in accordance with this privacy policy. Examples of service providers include payment processors, hosting services, AI providers, email service providers, and web traffic analytics tools. See our
AI policy
for information relating to AI, AI providers, privacy considerations, and the like.
Your account details to your billing contact.
If your account holder details are different from the billing contact listed for your account, we may disclose your identity and account details to the billing contact upon their request. We typically will attempt to notify you of such requests. By using our services and agreeing to this privacy policy, you consent to this disclosure.
Your email address to your organization.
If the email address under which you’ve registered your account belongs to or is controlled by an organization, we may disclose that email address to that organization in order to help it understand who associated with that organization uses our services, and to assist the organization with its enterprise accounts.
Aggregated or de-identified (anonymized) information to third parties to improve or promote our services.
We do this so that no individuals can reasonably be identified or linked to any part of the information we share with third parties to improve or promote our services.
The presence of a cookie to advertise our services.
We may ask advertising networks and exchanges to display ads promoting our services on other websites. We  may ask such parties to deliver those ads based on the presence of a cookie or similar technology that was placed when you visited one of our websites, but in doing so we will not share any other personal information with the advertiser. Our advertising network partners may also use cookies and page tags or web beacons to collect certain non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you with targeted advertising based upon your interests.
Your information if required or permitted by law.
We may disclose your information as required or permitted by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or other legal process served on us.
Your information if there’s a change in business ownership or structure.
If ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, or we undertake a corporate reorganization, including a merger, acquisition or consolidation or any other action or transfer between Jotform entities, you expressly consent to Jotform Inc. transferring your information to the new owner or successor entity so that we can continue providing our services.
Information you expressly consent to be shared.
For example, Jotform Inc. may expressly request your permission to provide your contact details to third parties for various purposes, including to allow those third parties to contact you for marketing purposes. If you give your permission, you may later revoke your permission, but if you wish to stop receiving communications from a third party to which we provided your information with your permission, you will need to contact that third party directly.
If you’re a Customer
, you are able to control who can take your form by changing your collector settings. For example, forms can be made completely public, and indexable by search engines. You can also choose to share your form responses instantly or at a public location.
Please note that, if you’re a form responder or Customer who has entrusted us with safeguarding the privacy of your personal information, we will not disclose or share it with third parties unless we have (a) given you notice, such as in this privacy policy, (b) obtained your express consent, such as through an opt-in checkbox, or (c) de-identified or aggregated the information so that individuals or other entities cannot reasonably be identified by it.
By using our services or visiting our websites, you consent to the above-described disclosures.
In some cases, the applications or user interfaces you encounter while on our sites are managed by third parties, who may require that you provide your personal information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party services or applications. We recommend carefully reviewing the user terms and privacy statement of each third party service, website, and/or application prior to use.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We generally retain your information for as long as you have an account with us, as necessary to otherwise to provide services to you, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our agreements and terms of use, and for as long as one or more of your forms remain publicly accessible on our website. If you close your account and make your forms publicly unavailable through your account dashboard, your personal info will be deleted after one month. If your account has not been closed but is inactive for one year, we will hold your personal data in encrypted form for one additional year, at which time we will delete it. We will delete personal info in response to valid data subject requests made under applicable privacy law such as under the GDPR. This paragraph constitutes our data retention policy as to your personal information.
REQUESTS TO DELETE, AMEND OR WITHDRAW CONSENT – NON-EEA, UK OR AUSTRALIAN RESIDENTS
You may be entitled to request that we delete or amend your personal information. You may also be entitled to withdraw your consent, when consent is the basis for processing your personal information. We apply the same procedures, limitations and exceptions established for European Economic Area (EEA), UK and Australian residents in this privacy policy to all who make such requests to delete or amend personal information, or withdraw consent for processing personal information, regardless of geographic location. Please read the “Your Rights” paragraph under the “ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UK AND AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS” below for details. If you are a resident of the EEA, UK or Australia, see below for more specific details on how that applies to you.
ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UK AND AUSTRALIA RESIDENTS
Legal Basis for Use of Your Information
Personal information that we collect is processed under the following legal basis:
Our legitimate interests
. This includes:
to enable us to provide our products and services and website use and access to you
for analytics, to gather metrics to better understand how users use the our websites, and to evaluate and improve our websites
to prevent fraud and other illegal activity
the legitimate interests of others (for example, to ensure the security of our website)
to comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other internal business administration purposes
if we collect demographic information from you (such as gender and ethnic origin) in order to carry out diversity monitoring and such information is not collected in an anonymous format, then we rely on our legitimate interest to do so.
Contractual obligations
. For the performance of contractual obligations between you and Jotform, including the Jotform Terms of Use and/or in our separate written contract with you.
Consent
. Where required by law, we may process your personal information in some cases for marketing purposes on the basis of your consent (which you may withdraw at any time after giving it, as described in this privacy policy).
See our GDPR page at
https://www.jotform.com/gdpr-compliance/
.
Australian Privacy Principles (APP) Privacy Policy
Scope
This policy relates to the requirements of the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) contained in the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (the Act). This policy applies to the collection of Australian residents’ personal information by customers of Jotform utilising our service provision in the Australian region. In  circumstances where it is construed as an APP Entity, Jotform complies with the APP and has implemented suitable controls and measures to ensure that personal information is collected, held and disclosed in a manner that is secure
Collection of Personal Information
Jotform does not actively collect personal information from Australian residents directly (solicited information). We may collect personal unsolicited information in the course of our service provision to our Australian customers. Our Australian customers use the Jotform platform and software as a service provision within their business operations to improve business practices. This may include the use of our forms and tables, and other services we offer, in the process of collecting personal information of end users. The types of personal information collected by our customers varies, and they should provide a detailed list in their own privacy policy.
Disclosure (Data Sharing)
Information that is collected by our customers may be disclosed to and stored on our servers (and backups) which are provided by Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and by Amazon Web Services (AWS). This may include overseas disclosures and Australian resident personal information may be transferred to cloud providers based in the United States of America. We work closely with our service providers to ensure a high standard of security is maintained to ensure that personal information is protected from unauthorized access. Our cloud service providers also have certifications including ISO27001 and SOC 2 which evidence high standards of information security management.
Individual Rights
As an Australian resident you have rights under the Australian Privacy Act 1988. You have the right to access your personal information, and to have your personal information corrected if it is not accurate. We will respond to your request as soon as is practicable. Ordinarily a charge will not be required for this service, unless the request is excessive or requires significant resources. To exercise these rights, contact
privacy@jotform.com
.
Making a Complaint
As an Australian resident whose personal information we may have collected, you can make a complaint to us using the email address below, and we will deal with the issues you are reporting as swiftly as we can. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) by emailing this address
https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-complaints
Contact UsFor further information, or to make a request for access or correction of personal information, please contact us by email at
privacy@jotform.com
.
Transfer Impact Assessment
Please see our
transfer impact assessment page
for information that may assist you in assessing potential transfers of data to the United States from within the EU or UK.
Your Rights
Deletion of Personal Information
You may be entitled to request that we delete your personal information in certain specific circumstances. If you wish to exercise this right, please submit your request using
this form
. We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (but no longer than one calendar month from our receipt of your request unless we tell you that we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). We may require you to verify your identity before we respond to your request. Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, including as provided for in this privacy policy.
Access, Update, Data Portability and Other Rights
You may also be entitled to access your information, update your personal information which is out of date or incorrect, restrict use of your personal information in certain specific circumstances, place a data portability request (applicable only when we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract, and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means), and ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process it on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest. Requests should be directed via
this form
.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (but no longer than one calendar month from our receipt of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). We may require you to verify your identity before we respond to any of your requests. Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, including as provided for in this privacy policy.
Complaints
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before a supervisory data protection authority regarding our data processing. If you are in Europe, an up to date list of data protection authorities is available at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
. If you are in the UK, the data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office available at
https://ico.org.uk/
.
EU-U.S. and Swiss
Data Privacy Frameworks (“DPF”)
Jotform complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Jotform has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Jotform has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Jotform commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS (www.jamsadr.com), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
www.jamsadr.com
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
See the “Information We Collect” section above for information on what personal data we collect, and the “How We Use and Disclose Your Information” section for information on how we use such data and to whom we may disclose it. Whatever personal data our user or customer (the data “controller”) collects via submissions to their forms on our platform is determined by the user or customer on the one hand and by the persons who fill in and submit their forms on the other hand.
See above for information on the choices you have concerning limiting the use and disclosure of your data, and your right to access your personal data. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. We may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. See above. We may be liable for onward transfers to third parties if and to the extent determined by law. Complaints regarding our compliance with the DPF may be subject to binding arbitration before the American Arbitration Association in the US – see our
terms of use
. You may address any complaints directly to us using
this form
, free of charge, worldwide.
Representation for Data Subjects in the EU
We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter as our privacy representative and your point of contact.
Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g. requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit: https://prighter.com/q/11830216921
BRAZIL USERS AND CUSTOMERS
In most cases where Jotform may receive personal data of and/or for our Brazilian customers, the customer is the Controller under the LGPD, rather than Jotform. For purposes where Jotform does in fact function as a Controller with respect to our customer, our Privacy Team is the designated Data Protection Officer, and may be contacted at
privacy@jotform.com
.
HOW TO CONTACT US REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us using
this form
.
Revision March 03, 2025
Sub-policy 11
https://www.thinkific.com/privacy-policy/:
+For Business
Menu
Thinkific Logo
Start free trial
Thinkific Logo
Product
What you can build & sell
Courses
Monetize your knowledge with courses that sell
Communities
Grow your business with shared online learning spaces
Digital Downloads
Generate leads and revenue with digital products
Coaching and Webinars
Connect with users through interactive experiences
Memberships
Generate recurring revenue by giving users access to exclusive perks
Marketing tools
Landing Pages
Build a high-converting landing page almost instantly with AI support
Email Automation
Automated emails to help drive and recapture sales
Analytics
Get actionable data insights to optimize your products and grow revenue
Branded Mobile
Get a custom mobile app for your business
Sales tools
Selling Tools
Boost sales, conversions, and order value with TCommerce and other tools
Time-Saving Tools
Automate and streamline time-consuming admin tasks
TCommerce
Sell more, and spend less time doing it
Featured
Earn more money. Get new leads. All with Digital Downloads.
Offer eBooks, guides, templates, and more to quickly boost your revenue.
Learn more
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Resources Center
The latest — and greatest — on how to market and sell learning experiences
Tools
Free AI tools to help you with everything from generating course outlines to naming your learning products
Webinars
Outlines and blueprints for planning and creating your learning experiences quickly
Education
Blog
Get best tips, tricks, and strategies for managing your learning business
Customer Stories
Discover how other Creator Educators are finding success
Academy
Learn how to start and grow your education business with online courses and workshops
Accelerator
Join our program designed to help you create and sell your digital learning products faster
Podcast
Hear from our CEO, Greg Smith, in Unique Genius: The Business of Creators
Featured Content
How Businesses Are Scaling Revenue Through Online Learning
Don’t rely on guesswork. Get clarity on pricing, business models, speed to market, and engagement strategies from 1,040 successful businesses.
Download now
Support
Help Center
Explore topics in our central hub for customer support
App Store
Power your education ecosystem with the best tools in the business
FAQ
Find answers to our most common queries
Developers
Understand how to design and build amazing apps with Thinkific
Expert Marketplace
Get expert help with content, marketing, design, site creation, and more
Sign In
Start free trial
Privacy Policy
How we protect your privacy
Last Updated: September 9th, 2024
Thinkific Labs Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. In order to provide you with the best possible website platform, we may collect and process your personal data. The purpose of this privacy policy is to help you better understand how we collect, store, and process this personal data, whether you’re a Thinkific customer, a student/subscriber to a Thinkific site, a participant in Thinkific’s partner or affiliate program, or even if you’re just visiting the Thinkific website.
This website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements or practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to any information collected by any third party, including through any application or content that may be accessible via our website. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Minors
If you are below the age of 16, you may use our website only with the permission and active involvement of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or other website visitors with any personal information and do not use this website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we may delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at
info@thinkific.com
.
THE TYPE OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may process (eg collect, use, store and/or transfer) different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use different methods to collect personal data so we’ve broken down this section of the policy into different sections so you can better understand what areas are applicable to you.
How we collect personal data about our customers
In order to offer and access our services, we need to collect certain personal data from our customers. Here is a summary of how we collect personal data from our customers:
We collect your Contact Data, Identity Data and Technical Data about our customers to provide you with the services, for example, to confirm your identity or contact you.
We collect Usage Data about Thinkific-hosted webpages, including how you interact with such webpages. We also collect data about how and when you access your account in order to give you access and to continuously improve our services.
We collect Profile Data in the course of offering your courses to others .
When transactions between you and our website involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks, money orders, and/or third party online payment services, we will collect Financial Data and Transaction Data as part of the course of doing business
This personal data is collected when you sign up for our services, when you access our services or otherwise provide us with the personal data. In some circumstances, when you have given us express permission, we may also use and store your personal data.
How we collect personal data about our customers’ students/subscribers
In order to provide our services, we collect and process personal data about our customers’ students/subscribers. Here is a summary of the personal data that we collect from our customers’ students/subscribers:
We collect Contact Data, Identity Data, Technical Data and Profile Data about our customers’ students/subscribers to allow them to access our services for processes such as enrollment, authentication, or otherwise administering our customers’ courses. This information is given on a voluntary basis when a customer uses or accesses our services, for example when a customer visits a Thinkific site, enrols in a course, or signs up for an account on a Thinkific site.
We collect Usage Data about how our customers’ students interact with a course(s) and website(s), including but not limited to, their progress through the course, quiz scores, survey results, discussion or forum contributions and other student activities.
Some transactions between learners and our website or our customers’ courses may involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks, money orders, and/or third party online payment services. In such transactions, we will collect Financial Data and Transaction Data in order to provide our customers with the services, including a billing address, telephone number, and other information related to the transaction.
How we collect personal data about Partners, Affiliates, Ambassadors, and Experts
Here is more information about how we collect personal data about our partners, affiliates, ambassadors, and experts.
We may collect your Identity Data, Financial Data, Profile Data, Usage Data and Technical Data whenever you sign up for a Partner, Affiliate, Ambassadors, or Expert Account or when you sign up one of your customers for our services, in order to register and give you access to your account and to improve our services.
How we collect personal data about Thinkific website visitors and support users
Here is a little more information about how we collect personal data about our website visitors and support users:
We collect your Usage Data including your IP addresses and how you interact with our website.
We also collect backend Usage Data  such as when you visited, the website from where you came prior to visiting us, the website where you go when you leave our website, your computer’s operating system, location data, and the type of web browser that you are using.
We also collect Contact Data and Identity Data submitted by you via any messaging or email feature available from any of our websites.
We may also receive Contact Data when you submit help tickets or make other requests to Thinkific via any of our websites,
We also collect the Contact Data of our telephone support users.
For all those that email us for technical support, we collect Contact Data, Identity Data and Technical Data
If you use our forum or community, we collect your Contact Data.
We collect this personal data when you visit Thinkific-hosted web pages, use services offered on our websites or engage with us either by email, web form, instant message, phone, or post content on or through our websites (including forums, blogs and via any Messaging Feature). We also collect any additional information that you might provide to us. We use this information to provide and enhance our services (including servicing your account, if applicable), and to answer any questions you may have.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate business interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us and you can unsubscribe from any such marketing communications at any time.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you want any more information on the legal bases we use to process your personal data.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a)Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies or similar tracking technologies on our webpages. This
information can be used to track your session on our website. Cookies may
also be used to customize our website content for you as an individual. For more information about how Thinkific uses cookies, please see our
Cookies Policy
.
Information that we share with third parties
Thinkific works with third parties to help provide our services and we may share your personal data with them to support these efforts in accordance with the purposes and lawful bases set out in the table above. In certain limited circumstances, we may also be required to share personal data with third parties to conform to legal requirements or to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Personal data may be shared with third parties to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to the services, or as otherwise required by law.
Personal data may also be shared with a company that acquires our business, whether through merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or other similar transaction or proceeding. If this happens, we will post a notice on our homepage.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Thinkific will ask for your consent before sharing your Personal Information with third parties for purposes other than those described in this Section 7.
Terminating your relationship with us
If you decide to terminate your relationship with us, you may request that we delete your personal data. We try our best to comply with such requests but will continue to store archived copies of your Personal Information for legitimate business purposes and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We will continue to store anonymous or anonymized information, such as website visits, without identifiers, in order to improve our services.
What we don’t do with your personal Information
We do not and will never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide Personal Information to other companies (other than to specific Thinkific customers you may be interacting with) for the marketing of their own products or services.
If you are a customer using Thinkific’s services, we do not use the Personal Information we collect from you or your customers to independently contact or market to your customers. However, Thinkific may contact or market to your customers if we obtain their information from another source, such as from the customers themselves.
Keeping your personal information secure
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
International transfers of personal data
Thinkific Labs Inc. is a Canadian company that provides services to customers, and our technology processes data from users, around the world.
Accordingly, Thinkific may transfer your personal data outside of the country, state, or province in which you are located. Thinkific ensures that whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK and EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following appropriate safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for processing of personal data pursuant to adequacy regulations made in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Where we use certain service providers, we will enter into an agreement with those providers in the form of the standard contractual clauses approved in accordance with applicable data protection laws and which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK and EEA.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK.
Your legal rights
If you are located in the UK, EEA, or California, you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws with respect to your personal data. Under certain circumstances, you have the following rights under these laws:
The right to request access to your personal data.
The right to request correction of your personal data.
The right to request erasure of your personal data.
The right to object to processing of your personal data.
The right to request restriction of processing your personal data.
The right to request transfer of your personal data.
The right to withdraw your consent.
In order to exercise any of these rights, please reach out to us using the contact information below.
User Names and Passwords
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a username and password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping the username and password confidential. Do not give your password to anyone. If you enter a section of our website that requires a password, you should log out when you leave. As a safety precaution, you should also close out of your web browser completely and re-open it before viewing other parts of the Internet.
Autoresponders
We may use autoresponders to communicate with you by e-mail. To protect your privacy, we use a verified opt-in system for such communications and you can always opt-out of such communications using the links contained in each autoresponder message. If you have difficulties opting out, you may contact us by sending an e-mail to info@thinkific.com, or sending us mail to the address listed below.
Disclaimer
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to our website. Any transmission of personal data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website, including the illegal acts of third parties (such as criminal hacking).
Policy Changes
We keep this privacy policy under regular review, so the terms of this policy may change from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal data, we will notify you by posting the revised policy on this website or by other means when appropriate. Your continued use of this website constitutes your consent to such revised privacy policy.
If you are concerned about the topic covered by this policy, you should read it each time before you use our website. Any questions or concerns about this policy should be brought to our attention by sending an e-mail to info@thinkific.com, or one of the methods provided under Contact Information, and providing us with information relating to your concern.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Privacy@Thinkific.com
Kevin Vye, Data Privacy Officer
Thinkific Labs Inc.
#400 – 369 Terminal Ave
Vancouver, BC
V6A 4C4
ANTI-SPAM POLICY
We hate unsolicited commercial e-mail as much as you do: Spam or junk e-mail, is a disservice to the Internet and our community.
We fully endorse and comply with the requirements of Canada’s anti-spam legislation (CASL) and CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act), and all other applicable unsolicited commercial e-mail laws.
If you subscribe to electronic newsletters or other communications from us or our website, you will always have an option to unsubscribe immediately.
If you have additional questions, comments or concerns, please contact us by sending an e-mail to info@thinkific.com and providing us with information relating to your concern.
You may also mail your concerns to us at the following address:
info@Thinkific.com
Thinkific Labs Inc.
#400 – 369 Terminal Ave
Vancouver, BC
V6A 4C4
Thinkific Logo
Start your creator educator journey with us today.
Product
Pricing
Courses
Communities
Digital Downloads
Coaching and Webinars
Email Automation
Memberships
Landing Pages
Funnels
Analytics
Branded Mobile
Selling Tools
Time-Saving Sales Tools
TCommerce
Thinkific App Store
Company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Security
Legal
Press
Investors
The Leap
Customers
Customer Examples
Example Websites
Partners
Becoming a Partner
Expert Marketplace
Thinkific Developers
Affiliate Program
Support
Help Center
Status
FAQ
Resources
Blog
Resources Center
Tools
Webinars
Academy
Podcast
Accelerator
© 2024 Thinkific.
Sub-policy 12
https://short.io/privacy?_gl=1*1ogq7bc*_ga*MTQwODcyNTQ2OC4xNjUwNDU5Mjky*_ga_JVCX6B1JPE*MTY1MTA0NzM2NC40LjEuMTY1MTA0NzQzMy41MQ..#privacy-policy:
pricing
features
integrations
enterprise
blog
help
log in
get started
Open Dashboard
Collecting data about your visitors
Privacy Policy of Short.io
Cookie Policy of Short.io
Owner and Data Controller
Short.cm
Owner contact email:
support@short.io
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that short.io collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      email address; Usage Data; Cookies; number of Users; session statistics; password; IP address; device information; browser information; operating systems; city; ZIP/Postal code; state; county; country; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; geography/region; answers to questions; Data communicated in order to use the Service; session duration; Application opens; launches; Data communicated while using the service.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using short.io.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by short.io is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for short.io to provide its services. In cases where short.io specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by short.io or by the owners of third-party services used by short.io serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through short.io.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of short.io (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Handling payments, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Managing contacts and sending messages, Tag Management, Heat mapping and session recording, Infrastructure monitoring, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Advertising, Registration and authentication, User database management, Interaction with support and feedback platforms, Analytics, Registration and authentication provided directly by short.io, Traffic optimization and distribution and Spam and bots protection.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on short.io, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers for identifying Users, behavioral retargeting i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, or to measure ads performance. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Google Ads conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on short.io.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics 4
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of short.io, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
;  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Analytics for Firebase (for apps)
Google Analytics for Firebase (for apps) or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
Short.io uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; launches; session duration.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
;  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable short.io to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, short.io shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Heat mapping and session recording
Heat Mapping services are used to display the areas of a page where Users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor and analyze web traffic and keep track of User behavior.
Some of these services may record sessions and make them available for later visual playback.
Hotjar Heat Maps & Recordings (Hotjar Ltd.)
Hotjar is a session recording and heat mapping service provided by Hotjar Ltd.
Hotjar honors generic „Do Not Track” headers. This means the browser can tell its script not to collect any of the User's data. This is a setting that is available in all major browsers. Find Hotjar’s
opt-out information here
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Malta –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable short.io to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of short.io.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon)
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  See the Amazon privacy policy –
Privacy Policy
.
OpenAI API (OpenAI, L.L.C.)
The OpenAI API provided by OpenAI, L.L.C. is a service that helps the Owner to automate tasks through its AI engine.
Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows short.io to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of short.io.
Sentry (GetSentry, LLC)
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional Software, Inc. .
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Statuspage.io
We display a notification message if our service is down
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of short.io.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
Canny
We display changelog from this service
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon)
Amazon Simple Email Service is an email address management and message sending service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow short.io to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, short.io will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Google OAuth (Google Inc.)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Facebook Authentication (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication provided directly by short.io
By registering or authenticating, Users allow short.io to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (short.io)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to short.io.
Personal Data processed: email address; password.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows short.io and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of short.io by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general
.
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Inc.)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the activity of short.io with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Spam and bots protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of short.io, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from unwanted parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as spam or protecting it from malicious bots activities.
hCaptcha (Intuition Machines, Inc)
hCaptcha is a SPAM protection service provided by Intuition Machines, Inc.
Personal Data processed: answers to questions; Data communicated in order to use the Service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on short.io in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows short.io to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between short.io and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.
Amazon CloudFront (Amazon Web Services, Inc.)
Amazon CloudFront is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Personal Data processed: browser information; city; country; county; device information; geography/region; IP address; latitude (of city); longitude (of city); metro area; operating systems; state; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
;  Australia –
Privacy Policy
;  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to short.io, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving short.io.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on short.io.
Intercom (Intercom Inc.)
Intercom is a User database management service provided by Intercom Inc.
Intercom can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within short.io.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; email address; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
Short.io uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
     in the European Union
This section applies to all Users in the European Union, according to the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and, for such Users, supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. Further details regarding the categories of Data processed, the purposes of processing, the categories of recipients of the Personal Data, if any, and further information about Personal Data can be found in
the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document
.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of short.io or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, short.io may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, short.io and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with short.io (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within short.io and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through short.io (or third-party services employed in short.io), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use short.io, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using short.io who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of short.io. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of short.io.
short.io (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by short.io as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to short.io, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Cookie Policy of short.io
This document informs Users about the technologies that help short.io to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with short.io.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Short.io uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information — such as the presence of other Trackers — in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
How short.io uses Trackers
Necessary
Short.io uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Functionality
Short.io uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner.
Trackers managed by third parties
Canny
We display changelog from this service
Facebook Authentication (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Trackers duration:
_fbp: 3 months
fbssls_*: duration of the session
lastExternalReferrer: duration of the session
Measurement
Short.io uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyse User behaviour to improve the Service.
Trackers managed by third parties
Hotjar Heat Maps & Recordings (Hotjar Ltd.)
Hotjar is a session recording and heat mapping service provided by Hotjar Ltd.
Hotjar honors generic „Do Not Track” headers. This means the browser can tell its script not to collect any of the User's data. This is a setting that is available in all major browsers. Find Hotjar’s
opt-out information here
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Malta –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Trackers duration:
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress: 30 minutes
_hjCachedUserAttributes: duration of the session
_hjClosedSurveyInvites: 1 year
_hjDonePolls: 1 year
_hjFirstSeen: duration of the session
_hjIncludedInSessionSample: 30 minutes
_hjLocalStorageTest: duration of the session
_hjLocalStorageTest: duration of the session
_hjMinimizedPolls: 1 year
_hjSession*: 30 minutes
_hjSessionRejected: duration of the session
_hjSessionResumed: duration of the session
_hjSessionTooLarge: 1 hour
_hjSessionUser*: 1 year
_hjSessionUser_*: 2 years
_hjShownFeedbackMessage: 1 year
_hjTLDTest: duration of the session
_hjUserAttributesHash: duration of the session
_hjViewportId: duration of the session
_hjid: 1 year
Google Analytics 4
Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of short.io, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting
Google’s official documentation
.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: number of Users, session statistics, Trackers and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
;  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Trackers duration:
_ga: 2 years
_ga_*: 2 years
Marketing
Short.io uses Trackers to deliver personalized ads or marketing content, and to measure their performance.
Trackers managed by third parties
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Inc.)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the activity of short.io with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Trackers duration:
Conversion: 3 months
DSID: 14 days
FCNEC: 1 year
FLC: 10 seconds
FPAU: 3 months
FPGCLAW: 3 months
FPGCLDC: 3 months
FPGCLGB: 3 months
GCL_AW_P: 3 months
GED_PLAYLIST_ACTIVITY: duration of the session
IDE: 2 years
NID: 6 months
RUL: 1 year
__gads: 2 years
__gpi: 2 years
__gpi_optout: 2 years
__gsas: 2 years
_gac_
: 3 months
_gac_gb_
: 3 months
_gcl_ag: 3 months
_gcl_au: 3 months
_gcl_aw: 3 months
_gcl_dc: 3 months
_gcl_gb: 3 months
_gcl_gf: 3 months
_gcl_gs: 3 months
_gcl_ha: 3 months
ar_debug: 3 months
id: 2 years
receive-cookie-deprecation: 6 months
test_cookie: 15 minutes
Google Ads conversion tracking (Google Inc.)
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on short.io.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Trackers duration:
IDE: 2 years
test_cookie: 15 minutes
Intercom (Intercom Inc.)
Intercom is a User database management service provided by Intercom Inc.
Intercom can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within short.io.
Personal Data processed: Cookies, email address, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Trackers duration:
intercom-id-*: 10 months
intercom-session-*: 7 days
intercom-test: indefinite
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent on short.io
Whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting or updating their preferences via the relevant privacy choices panel available on short.io.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
How to control or delete Cookies and similar technologies via your device settings
Users may use their own browser settings to:
See what Cookies or other similar technologies have been set on the device;
Block Cookies or similar technologies;
Clear Cookies or similar technologies from the browser.
The browser settings, however, do not allow granular control of consent by category.
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting).
How to opt out of interest-based advertising
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU and UK), the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Consequences of denying the use of Trackers
Users are free to decide whether or not to allow the use of Trackers. However, please note that Trackers help short.io to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document). Therefore, if the User chooses to block the use of Trackers, the Owner may be unable to provide related features.
Owner and Data Controller
Short.cm
Owner contact email:
support@short.io
Since the use of third-party Trackers through short.io cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by short.io.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through short.io (or third-party services employed in short.io), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use short.io, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using short.io who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of short.io. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of short.io.
short.io (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by short.io as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to short.io, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Withdraw consent
Do you want to visit
上海索特艾欧科技有限公司
website?
跟随
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
Sub-policy 13
https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Designed for Families
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Straps
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet.  We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals.  Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models.  To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
.  For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 14
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 15
https://en-gb.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy:
Facebook
Log in
Log in
Forgotten account?
This content isn't available at the moment
When this happens, it's usually because the owner only shared it with         a small group of people or changed who can see it, or it's been deleted.
Go to News Feed
Go back
Visit Help Centre
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off Meta Products and to provide features such as maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies that we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off our Products, and provide features such as maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Centre
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 16
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 17
https://linktr.ee/s/privacy/:
Templates
Marketplace
Discover
Linktree for Instagram
Linktree for TikTok
Linktree for X
Linktree for LinkedIn
Pricing
Learn
The 2024 Creator Report
All Articles
Creators
Trends
Best Practices
Company
Product News
Help
Log in
Sign up free
Privacy Notice
Last updated:
5 October 2023
Quick links
We recommend that you read this Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Notice, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
What does Linktree do?
How does this Privacy Notice apply to me?
What personal information do we collect?
Why do we collect your personal information?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who may we disclose your personal information to?
Disclosure of personal information to other countries
How do we use cookies and similar tracking technology?
How long do we retain your personal information?
How do we secure your personal information?
What are your rights in relation to personal information?
Complaints
Changes to This Privacy Notice
Contact us
Supplemental information for Californian residents
Linktree group companies
Linktree service providers
What does Linktree do?
Linktree is the launchpad to your latest video, article, recipe, tour, store, website, social post, and other content. We connect your audience to wherever you are online, and make your content more discoverable and easier to manage. Our Website (located at
https://linktr.ee/)
and other digital properties (such as our mobile app and Developer Portal) (together our “
Platform
”) provides information about us and allows individuals and businesses to sign-up as Linktree Users (to create a personalised, easily-customisable page), as Subscribers (to subscribe to and follow Linktree Users), or as developers (to create functionality that interacts with our Platform) (together, the “
Linktree Services
“).
The pages that Linktree Users are able to create using the Linktree Services are referred to in this Privacy Notice as “
User Profiles
“. User Profiles are accessible by the public.
We are headquartered in Melbourne, Australia and have offices in Sydney. For more information about Linktree, please see the “About” section of our Website at
https://linktr.ee/s/about/
.
How does this Privacy Notice apply to me?
This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information we collect as a controller from:
visitors to our Platform (“
Platform Visitors
“);
individuals, representatives of individuals, or companies that sign up to use our Linktree Services via a paid plan (“
Paid Plan Users
“) or free plan (“
Free Plan Users
“), together our “
Linktree Users
“;
individuals that sign up to subscribe to and/or follow User Profiles (“
Subscribers
“);
individuals that visit and interact with User Profiles (“
Profile Visitors
“);
developers that sign up to our Developer Portal in order to build functionality that interacts with the Linktree Services (“
Linktree Developers
”); and
individuals who respond to our surveys, marketing materials or participate in trade promotions or competitions that we may run from time to time.
This Privacy Notice, applies to the processing of personal information by Linktree as a controller. When we talk about Linktree acting as a “controller”, we mean that Linktree determines the purpose and the means of the processing (i.e. we make decisions about how we will handle your personal information). Because of the nature of our services, we can also act as a “processor” on behalf of Linktree Users. This means that, when we are instructed by a Linktree User, we can facilitate processing of Profile Visitors’ and Subscribers’ personal information on behalf of that Linktree User (“
Processor Services
“). This Privacy Notice does not address Processor Services. If you are a Profile Visitor or Subscriber, and want to know how a Linktree User handles your personal information, please get in touch with the Linktree User directly and/or refer to any privacy notice on the relevant User Profile.
If you provide us with information about another person (if, for example, you are a representative of an individual), you must provide them with a copy of this Privacy Notice and let that other person know that we use their personal information in the ways set out in this Privacy Notice.
What personal information do we collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information you provide voluntarily
When you sign up to become a Linktree User, a Subscriber, use or interact with our Linktree Services or staff, visit our Platform, visit a User Profile, sign up to our Developer Portal, respond to a survey or participate in a trade promotion we may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, if you are a Free Plan User we will ask you to provide your email address, name, username, hashed password, vertical (industry to which your account relates) and marketing preferences. If you are a Paid Plan User we will also ask for your full name, billing email address, billing address and payment method in order to facilitate billing. If you are a Subscriber, we will ask you to provide your email address or SMS number.To opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails or SMS we may send you or completing our Data Request Form.You may also provide us with your personal data when you submit queries or make a report to us (such as an Intellectual Property Report or Counter Notice). For example, we may ask you to provide your name and email address so that we can respond to your queries. If you are making an Intellectual Property Report or Counter Notice, we ask you to provide your name, address, email address, phone number and details regarding the intellectual property rights concerned.If you are a Profile Visitor, a User might request that you provide your email address, mobile number, date of birth or age, or other personal information in order to access elements of a User Profile (such as locked content). We may use the results of such access (i.e. successful or unsuccessful access attempts) to produce aggregated statistics for our own internal purposes and to improve the Linktree Services.You may also provide personal information voluntarily if you respond to our surveys, marketing materials, or through your participation in trade promotions and competitions we may run from time to time.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Platform, use our Linktree Services, interact with a User Profile, respond to a survey or participate in a trade promotion we collect certain information automatically from your device. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and UK, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), time zone, usage data, diagnostic data and other technical information. We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Platform, Linktree Service or User Profiles, including the pages accessed and links clicked.Collecting this information enables us to better understand you, where you come from, and what content is of interest to you. We use this information for our internal analytics purposes, to improve the quality and relevance of our Platform and Linktree Services, to provide hints and tips to our Linktree Users and to make recommendations of Linktree Profiles you might be interested in viewing.Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “
How do we use cookies and similar tracking technology
” below.Further, we may undertake automatic scanning of User Profiles and links to determine whether mandatory or default sensitive content warnings should be applied and presented to Profile Visitors who wish to access the relevant User Profile or linked content, and to determine if any content should be removed or any User Profiles should be suspended in line with our Community Standards and/or Terms of Service. Where a User changes their User Profile, we will also notify relevant Subscribers to that User Profile that updates have been made.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including from service providers that help us run marketing campaigns or competitions and our partners who help us provide our Linktree Services). In all cases, we will only receive such data where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.
Children’s data
Our services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (the “Age Limit”). If you are under the Age Limit, please do not use the Linktree Services and do not provide us with your personal information. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that an individual (of whom you are a parent or guardian) under the Age Limit has provided us with personal information, please contact us. We will, upon notice or discovery, take all reasonable efforts to erase or destroy any personal information that may have been collected or stored by us about that individual.
Recruitment
If you applied for a role at Linktree, then the personal information collected will only be collected, used and accessed for recruitment purposes only. The data will be retained for a maximum of two years and will then be anonymised for statistical purposes. Linktree currently use Ashby, Inc. to collect, store and process data for recruitment purposes. We only engage third party service providers after careful and comprehensive review of the service provider’s  technical and organisational data protection measures. You can find further information about Ashby’s data privacy policy at:
https://www.ashbyhq.com/resources/privacy
Why do we collect your personal information?
In general, we will use the information we collect for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information. These include:
To provide and deliver the Linktree Services and to assess, maintain and improve the performance and functionality of the Linktree Services.
To ensure the Linktree Services are relevant to you and your device, to notify you about changes to the Linktree Services, and to deliver targeted and/or localised content based on your user data, location and preferences.
For consumer research and to allow you to participate in surveys or interactive features of the Linktree Services when you choose to do so.
To provide customer support and to process and respond to a request, complaint or Intellectual Property Report or Counter Notice that you may have made.
To monitor the usage of the Linktree Services and to detect, prevent and address technical issues.
To process payments for Paid Plan Users.
To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.
To deliver promotional materials, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted out of receiving such information.
For the administration of our business including for fulfilling and exercising our obligations and rights, exercising or defending legal claims, to comply with our legal obligations and law enforcement requests, and managing the relationship with you.
To verify your identity and to detect fraud and potential fraud, including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the Linktree Services.
To include Linktree User content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote Linktree.
To inform our algorithms so we can deliver the most relevant recommendations to you, including of User Profiles that you may be interested in.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific circumstances in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). As indicated above, we require certain personal information to enter into a contract with you as a Linktree User. Without your personal information, we will be unable to provide you with Linktree Services available to Linktree Users.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to develop and improve the Linktree Services, to provide additional functionality, to ensure appropriate security or to implement sensitive content warnings and content moderation. We may have other legitimate interests, and if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
Contact Us
” heading below.
Who may we disclose your personal information to?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies, third party services providers (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Platform or Linktree Services), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. A list of our current group companies is available
here
and a list of our current service providers and partners is available
here
. We also facilitate third party payment providers and this is set out in more detail below;
to the extent we introduce social media log-ins in the future, we may provide personal data to the relevant social media provider to facilitate such log-in;
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice; and
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
In order to facilitate paid products and/or services within the Linktree Service, we use third party payment processors. We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policies and their own terms and conditions. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by payment card industry data security standards (“PCI-DSS”) as managed by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe (their privacy policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy)
;
PayPal (their privacy policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full)
; and
Square (their privacy policy can be viewed at
https://squareup.com/au/en/legal/general/privacy)
.
Disclosure of personal information to other countries
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are a resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, Linktree may transfer personal information to the United States and other countries in which we do business. Linktree may also subcontract certain activities and share your personal information with third parties located outside of Australia (which is where we are headquartered).
The countries in which these organisations are located will vary, but, in the course of our business operations, we generally disclose personal information to organisations located in Australia, or the United States. Such transfers are made in order to provide the Linktree Services and carry out the activities specified in this Privacy Notice.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection laws. These include entering into data transfer agreements between our group companies and these can be provided on request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. No transfer of your personal information will take place to an organisation or another country unless we believe there to be adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. For more details please see the “
How do we secure your personal information
” section below.
How do we use cookies and similar tracking technology?
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
How long do we retain your personal information?
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice and in each case in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements in respect of permitted or required retention periods and limitation periods relevant to legal action.
How do we secure your personal information?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition we limit access to your personal information to employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need for access. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal information breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
What are your rights in relation to personal information?
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct or update your personal information, you can do so at any time by completing our
Data Request Form
.
Depending on the country which you live in and the laws that apply to you, you may also have additional data protection rights. If you are resident in the UK or the European Economic Area, these rights include:
To
request deletion
of your personal information. You can do so at any time by completing our
Data Request Form
.
To
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by completing our
Data Request Form
.
To
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you or completing our
Data Request Form
.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
The
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available
here
and the UK
here
.)
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Complaints
We take your privacy concerns seriously. If you have a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information or concerning our privacy practices, you may file a complaint with us using the contact details provided under the “
Contact Us
” heading below. We will confirm receipt of your complaint and, if we believe necessary, we will open an investigation.
We may need to contact you to request further details of your complaint. If an investigation has been opened following a complaint made by you, then we will contact you with the result as soon as possible. In the unlikely circumstances we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction, you may contact the local privacy and data protection authorities in your jurisdiction.
Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may update our Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our privacy practices or if you would like to make a request about any personal information we may hold about you, including correction of personal information, please contact us:
By email using: support@linktr.ee
By visiting this page on our Platform:
linktr.ee/help
By post at Linktree Pty Ltd, 1-9 Sackville Street, Collingwood VIC 3066, Australia.
If you want to request any information about how we process, store or use your data or anything relating to personal information and privacy laws, please use our
Data Request Form
.
GDPR Representation
If you are located in the
EU
, we have appointed Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd. as our data protection agent. You can contact them via:
Name: Adam Brogden
Email: contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +353 15 549 700
Address: Office 2, 12A Lower Main Street, Lucan Co. Dublin, K78 X5P8, Ireland.
Website:
https://linktree.gdprlocal.com/eu
If you are located in the
UK
, we have appointed GDPR Local Ltd. as our data protection agent. You can contact them via:
Name: Adam Brogden
Email: contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +441 772 217 800
Address: 1st Floor Front Suite 27-29 North Street, Brighton England BN1 1EB
Website:
https://linktree.gdprlocal.com/eu
Supplemental Information for California Residents
The following section provides supplemental information to California residents, whose personal information we have collected. This section applies to the personal information we collected from California residents during the 12 months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, depending on interactions with us.
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information
(a) Categories of Personal Information We Have Collected:
Identifiers
such as name, alias, postal address, online identifier (e.g. cookies) and other similar identifiers;
Personal records
such as payment information;
Characteristics
such as age, gender and other demographic data;
Customer Accounts / Commercial information
such as the User Profile, records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered;
Online usage information
such as Internet and other network activity information, such as, but not limited to, browsing history, search history and information on interactions with the Linktree Services;
Geolocation data
such as country and zip code;
Sensory information
such as recordings of customer service calls; and
Inferences derived from personal information
such as purchase preferences, interests and characteristics. There may be additional information that we collect that meets the definition of personal information under California law but is not reflected in a category, in which case we will treat it as personal information as required under California law, but will not include it when we are required to describe our practices by category of personal information.
(b) Categories of Sources of Personal Information that We Collect:
Directly from you. For example, when you create an account, make a purchase, browse our Platform, or use the Linktree Services.
Directly and indirectly from activity on the Platform and/or using the Linktree Services.
Social networks (to the extent we introduce social media log-ins in the future).
Service Providers who provide services on our behalf such as those used to fulfill orders, process your payments and requests, verify your information, monitor activity on the Platform and/or using the Linktree Services, provide analysis and analytics, maintain databases, administer and monitor emails and marketing, administer and send mobile messages, serve ads on this and other services, and provide consulting services.
‍
2. Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
We may disclose the following categories of personal information to service providers for a business purpose, or, at your direction, with third parties such as sponsors of promotions, sweepstakes, or contests. We have disclosed the following:
Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
Identifiers;
Personal records;
Characteristics;
Customer Accounts / Commercial information;
Online usage information;
Geolocation data;
Sensory information; and
Inferences derived from personal information.
Categories of Recipients
Service Providers
Group companies
Governmental authorities and agencies
We do not sell personal information and we do not believe that our sharing of information would qualify as a sale under California law.
For the avoidance of doubt, we also do not sell personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
3. California Privacy Rights
(a) Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information about personal information we collect from you:
categories of personal information collected;
categories of sources of personal information collected;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you over the past 12 months.
‍
(b) Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions permitted by law.
‍
(c) Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information
As mentioned above, we do not sell personal information and we do not believe that our sharing of information would qualify as a sale under California law. Nonetheless, if you are a California resident who has purchased products or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at support@linktr.ee.
‍
(d) Right to Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not be treated in a discriminatory manner for exercising your privacy rights. We do not use the fact that you have exercised or requested to exercise any privacy rights for any purpose other than facilitating a response to your request.
4. Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
To exercise your rights, you can contact us:
By email at support@linktr.ee
By visiting this page on our website:
linktr.ee/help
If you want to request any information about how we process, store or use your data or anything relating to personal information and privacy laws, please use our
Data Request Form
.
Once we receive your request, we are required to verify that you are the person that is the subject of the request. This verification process consists of matching identifying information provided by you with the information we have about you in our records. Upon making a request, you will be asked to provide your name, email address, and request details. A confirmation email will be sent to the email address you provide to begin the process to verify your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to respond to your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise any of the above privacy rights on your behalf, subject to the agent request requirements under California law.
Please note, for your safety and security, we will require authorized agents to provide proof of consent and designation of the authorized agent for the purpose of making the request, and will require authorized agents to provide information necessary to verify the identity of the individual who is the subject of the request. We may also require that an individual verify his/her own identity directly with us before we respond to an authorized agent’s request.
We reserve the right to deny requests in certain circumstances, such as where we have a reasonable belief that the request is fraudulent.
5. Do Not Track
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn’t an industry standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.
6. California’s Shine the Light law
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes absent your consent as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light law”). To opt-out of future sharing with third parties for their direct marking purposes, contact us at support@linktr.ee. Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
7. Changes
We reserve the right to change this Supplemental Information for California Residents from time to time. Changes shall become effective on the date they are posted.
‍
Linktree Group Companies
Linktree International Holdings Pty Ltd
Linktree, Inc.
‍
Linktree Service Providers and Partners
Amazon Web Services
Snowflake
Fivetran
Intercom
Prodsight
Zapier
ProfitWell
ChartMogul
Looker
Airtable
SendGrid
Hubspot
Typeform
Great Question
Formstack
Fastly
Square
ChargeBee
Stripe
Braze
Heap
AppCues
Datadog
Branch
Google Analytics
Google (via Youtube) – Linktree uses Youtube’s API for Music Link or Video link functions to allow you to display Youtube videos on your Linktree. This is covered by
Google’s Privacy Policy