About Us
The Business For Home website is a widely recognised platform, established in 2007, that provides news, insights, and resources related to the network marketing, direct selling, and multi-level marketing (MLM) industries. It is a go-to source for Direct Sales professionals, companies, and enthusiasts in these fields to stay updated on industry developments.
The website is considered a trusted source for transparent information and aims to build credibility within the industry. It has a global audience and is often referenced by industry professionals when assessing opportunities or seeking inspiration.
Armand Puyolt, Business For Home Executive Chairman, Majority Shareholder
As of February 2025 an exciting new chapter for Business For Home started as network marketing Legend
Armand Puyolt
has taken the helm. This strategic move promises to elevate and expand its influence and reach, as Puyolt and partners envisions a vibrant future for the publication. Read the full
press release here
.
Key Features of Business For Home:
Company Rankings
: The site ranks MLM companies based on revenue, growth, and other performance metrics.
Leaderboards
: It highlights top industry leaders, earners, and influencers, providing details about their achievements and income estimates.
Industry News
: Business For Home covers the latest news, product launches, and events in the network marketing world.
Opportunities
: The site evaluates and ranks business opportunities in the MLM industry, helping individuals find reputable companies.
Educational Content
: It offers articles, reports, and insights to educate people about direct selling and MLM strategies.
Per year, the website receives an estimated
15 + million views
from all over the world with the majority being Network Marketing professionals with approximately 75% visiting the website looking for a new or additional opportunities. Our free
BFH App has over 650,000 downloads
(and counting). At times we use push notifications to inform our app users about important news.
Additionally, articles are shared through the Business For Home
Facebook Business Page
which is currently at 84,000+ likes, and
Twitter
On average the website is serving
12,000 – 15,000+ visitors per day
, with all time daily highs of
70,000 visitors
when “Breaking News” occurs or
Poll voting
takes place. About 40% is coming from North America and 60% from all other countries.
The objective of the website is to show the “outside” world, Direct Selling, Network Marketing, MLM or Party Plan based companies, are a great way to earn an honest living with unlimited potential for a professional distributor.
Therefore the website is distributing information such as:
Direct Selling News and press releases, Multi Level Marketing (MLM) news, Network Marketing news, estimated
earnings
for the Top Earners in the Industry (above $5,000 per month) and
polls
. If we list Top Earners it is NOT an endorsement,
please check this article
.
The published distributor earnings are based on this
confidential form
, public sources, conventions, as well as up- and downline information and are
estimated
due to the dynamics in pay plans. We do not delete top earners from our ranks, based on regulators fear (FTC), or company policies.
We work with independent freelance reporters who send us international news, which we validate before we publish. We have no tolerance policy for
spam, abusive or anti-industry comments.
Business For Home.org was co-founded in 2007 by
Dini Noorlander
and
Ted Nuyten
, in the
Netherlands
under
Dutch law
. We are since 2015 members of the Dutch Organisation Of Journalists (
NVJ.nl
)
Our business model
To cover the website operational costs and for a sustainable and independent on-line business model we have the next streams of revenue:
We have paid subscribers model for
recommended distributors
.
At times we publish paid articles with top earners, company news, rank advancements and corporate executives and /or place them in the spotlight.
At times we are intermediaries between investors, venture capital and Network Marketing companies.
Regular we travel around the world to visit Direct Selling Head offices and Top Leaders to get first hand information. (see below photo’s). We do not accept banners, and we do
NOT
sell or rent our 200,000 + contact lists.
Our principles
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Business For Home.org we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our blogging products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.Our articles should not be taken as, and are not intended to provide, investment advice. Please conduct your own thorough research before investing in or joining any company.
Privacy policy for website visitors
Like most website operators, Business For Home collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our privacy policy in Dutch, as we operate from the Netherlands,
can be found here.
This Privacy Policy (GDPR) meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Business For Home’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Business For Home’s visitors use its website.
From time to time, Business For Home may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Business For Home also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on the blog.
Business For Home only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Organising the Annual European Direct Selling Congress
Recap European Direct Selling Congress 2018
Corporate meetings – On Top Of The News
4life Corporate – USA – Utah
Jeunesse Corporate – USA – Utah
Alliance In Motion – Philippines on stage 50,000 attendees
Turkey – Istanbul on stage 7,000 attendees
ARIIX -Hong Kong on stage 5,000 attendees
Avon – USA with CEO Sheri McCoy – Dallas
PM International – Germany with CEO Rolf Sorg
Synergy Corporate – USA – Utah
Mannatech – USA with CEO Al Bala – Texas
ASEA Corporate- USA – Utah
Evolv Health Corporate – USA – Texas
Vemma – USA With CEO BK Boreyko – Arizona
Talk Fusion – USA With CEO Bob Reina – Florida
Mega Holding Corporate- Hong Kong
Agel Corporate – USA – Utah
ForeverGreen Corporate – USA – Utah
Zrii Corporate- USA
Javita Corporate – USA
Morinda Corporate – USA – Utah
LifeVantage – USA – Utah with CEO Darren Jensen
Kuvera – USA – Utah
BeneYou – USA – Utah
Sanki Global – USA – Nevada
Vabo-N- Austria – Wien
Lyconet Germany with CEO Mario Kapun
Enhanzz Global –  Switzerland
Our contact details:
Business For Home BV
Linge 88
2105 WG Heemstede
The Netherlands
Email:
support@businessforhome.org
A visitor from
Dublin, Ireland
viewed
About Us - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
1s
A visitor from
Hong Kong, Hong Kong
viewed
推荐经销商 - 直销事实、数据和新闻
10s
A visitor from
San Jose, United States
viewed
The 500+ Largest Direct Sales Companies In The World 2025 - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
12s
A visitor from
United States
viewed
Enagic USA - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
13s
A visitor from
United States
viewed
LiveGood - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
14s
A visitor from
Reedley, United States
viewed
Dexter Yager - Amway's Nr. 1 Passed Away - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
22s
A visitor from
Culpeper, United States
viewed
Jifu - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
30s
A visitor from
Russia
viewed
Mona Christensen - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
31s
A visitor from
United States
viewed
Stampin' Up! Names Sara Douglass As CEO - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
32s
A visitor from
Newburgh, United States
viewed
Amare Global Ranked As Triple AAA+ Opportunity For 2024 And 2025 - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
39s
A visitor from
Russia
viewed
Review by Ken and Cyn Reed on Allen Furrer - Direct Selling Facts, Figures and News
41s
Newsletter
Get Our FREE Direct Selling Newsletter, already 100,000+ Worldwide Subscribers!
Name
(Required)
Email
(Required)
Δ
Stay up to date about everything that happens on and around Business for Home.