Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.
Terms and privacy
Introduction
PLACE TO PLUG has updated and adapted its protocols and privacy policies to the European Data Protection Regulation (RGPD) UE 2016/679, because we are concerned about the security and protection of personal data. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to regulate the collection and processing of the data that we obtain through access to our application, website, blog, social networks, information services or that is provided to us under a contractual relationship. For the purposes of this Policy, the term "User" refers to everyone who accesses PLACE TO PLUG services and provides their data, under the conditions indicated below.
Who is responsible for processing your data
PLACE TO PLUG, SL (hereinafter PLACE TO PLUG) with address at Ronda Camp de l´Aviació 4 - Polígono Pla de Carrases B, CV-35 Exit 30 – 46160 Líria, with CIF B-B55664445, is responsible for the assets in which your personal information is stored. For any query as well as for the exercise of the rights that correspond to you, you can contact PLACE TO PLUG by postal mail addressed to the address indicated above or electronically to the following address: • Email responsible for privacy: privacy@placetoplug.com
Policy Scope
The download, installation and use of the PLACE TO PLUG application, access to the web, or the use of any other means that involves the processing of personal data implies acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
PLACE TO PLUG will provide information in any case so that, prior to the communication and completion of personal data, the User can access the Privacy Policy and any other relevant information on Data Protection.
The legitimacy for the treatment of the data is the consent and, where appropriate, the execution of a contractual relationship for the provision of a service.
Fundamental principles
PLACE TO PLUG
§ Will never request personal information unless it is really necessary to provide the services that are required.
§ Will never share users' personal information with anyone without your express authorization, except to comply with a legal obligation. § Will never use your personal data for a purpose other than that expressed in this privacy policy.
Categories and purpose of data use
At PLACE TO PLUG we collect the personal information necessary for the management and maintenance of our services. In particular, we collect the following categories of data: (i) Personal identification: name, surname and email address (ii) Vehicle identification: brand, model, location. (iii) Technical data of the mobile device to address and resolve incidents that may affect the contracting of services through the APP. PLACE TO PLUG processes your personal data in order to respond to requests for information sent to us by Users, formalize registration and manage the provision of contracted services. In particular, the treatment is carried out with the following purposes: (i) Respond to requests for information. (ii) Inform Users about the location of the different recharging points for electric vehicles. (iii) Resolution of incidents (iv) Provision and maintenance of the contracted services. Only advertising communications or recommendations of products and services will be sent to Users who have given their express consent to do so.
Legitimation of the treatment
The legitimacy for the processing of personal data derives: (i) CONSENT of the Users obtained in the installation and use of the application or access to the web, social networks or any other means that involves data processing. (ii) CONTRACTUAL in the event that there is a provision of services between Place to Plug and the User.
Communication of data to other recipients
PLACE TO PLUG guarantees that the data will only be transferred to: 1. Group companies with the following purposes: (i) Develop commercial actions. (ii) Hire products and/or services. (iii) Comply with legal obligations. 2. Competent Public Bodies, Tax Agency, State Security Forces and Bodies, Judges and Courts, when PLACE TO PLUG has the legal obligation to provide them. 3. In addition, PLACE TO PLUG has the collaboration of some third-party service providers who have access to your personal data and who process said data in the name and on behalf of PLACE TO PLUG as a result of their provision of services. In no case will your personal data be shared with third-party companies without obtaining your prior consent.
Retention and accuracy of data
We will never keep your data for longer than is necessary for the purposes of the treatment. The period of conservation of personal data will vary depending on the service that may be contracted. In any case, your data will be kept for the minimum time for the provision of the contracted services. Once the provision is finished, we will keep your data blocked during the prescription periods of the obligations that may have arisen from the treatment and/or the applicable legal periods, remaining at the disposal of the competent authorities, for the attention of the possible responsibilities arising from the treatment. Data derived from requests for information will be deleted one year after the last communication. The data of Users who have accepted the receipt of advertising shipments will be kept until they revoke said authorization. The User will be responsible at all times for the accuracy of the data and that they are duly updated.
How to exercise your rights
As the rights holder of your personal information, you have control over such data. In this way, we also ensure that the information is accurate and truthful. The rights that you can exercise are: (i) Right of Access: you can check if we are processing personal data that concerns you. (ii) Right of Rectification and Deletion: you can access your personal information and request the rectification or deletion of your data when they are inaccurate or you consider that they are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. (iii) Right of opposition: you may oppose the processing of your data, unless, for compelling legitimate reasons, or in the exercise or defense of possible claims, we keep them duly blocked during the corresponding periods as long as the legal obligations subsist. (iv) Right of Limitation to treatment: You may request the limitation of the treatment of your personal information while the challenge of the accuracy or legality of your data is verified, during the exercise or defense of possible claims or litigation. (v) Portability Right: You may request the portability of the data you have provided to another data controller, in certain circumstances. You may exercise your rights free of charge by writing to the email address indicated above: privacy@placetoplug.com How can you complain to the Control Authority? If a user considers that there is a problem with the way in which PLACE TO PLUG is handling their data, they can direct their claims to the person responsible for privacy or to the corresponding data protection control authority, with the Spanish Data Protection Agency being the indicated in the case of Spain.
Security and confidentiality
At PLACE TO PLUG we maintain the highest levels of security required by law to protect your personal data against accidental loss and unauthorized access, processing or disclosure, taking into account the state of the technology, the nature of the data stored and the risks to which they are exposed. When we receive your data, we use rigorous procedures and security features to prevent any unauthorized access. The personal data that may be collected will be treated with absolute confidentiality, committing ourselves to keep secrecy regarding them and guaranteeing the duty to keep them by adopting all necessary measures to prevent their alteration, loss and treatment or unauthorized access, in accordance with what is established in the applicable legislation.
Acceptance and consent
The user declares to have been informed of the conditions on protection of personal data, accepting and consenting to their treatment by PLACE TO PLUG in the manner and for the purposes indicated in this privacy policy.
Changes in the privacy policy
PLACE TO PLUG reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to new legislation or jurisprudence, as well as to industry practices. In such cases, PLACE TO PLUG will announce the changes introduced on this page reasonably in advance of their implementation, allowing access to it.
Commercial e-mails
In accordance with the LSSICE, PLACE TO PLUG does not carry out SPAM practices, therefore it does not send commercial emails that have not been previously requested or authorized by the user. In accordance with the provisions of Law 34/2002 on Services of the Information Society and electronic commerce, PLACE TO PLUG undertakes not to send communications of a commercial nature without properly identifying them.
Cookies
Our application and our website use "cookies" to collect information on how they are used. If you wish to obtain more detailed information on how PLACE TO PLUG uses cookies, consult the Cookies Policy.
Return