Meno Ma3ay PRIVACY POLICY
Revised 17 January, 2018
By accepting the Meno Ma3ay Privacy Policy and/or
using the Services You consent to the collection, use, sharing and
processing of personal information as described herein. If You
provide us with personal information about someone else, You confirm
that they are aware that You have provided their information and that
they consent to our use of their information according to our Privacy
Policy. You may opt-out at any time to prevent further use of the
information shared via the Services.
Please note that provision of information from
the Meno Ma3ay database is constitutionally protected under
applicable laws on Freedom of Expression, see the Terms of Service.
Personal
	Information Collected
1.1
User Profile
When You create a user profile in the Services and
confirm being the holder of a certain number, Meno Ma3ay will collect
the information provided by You. In order to create a user profile,
You must register Your first name, last name and phone number.
Additional information that may be provided at Your option include,
but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code,
country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook
page, Twitter address and a short status message. Meno Ma3ay may
supplement the information provided by You with information from
third parties and add it to the information provided by You e.g.
demographic information and additional contact information that is
publicly available.
1.2
Installation
and Use
When You install and use the Services, Meno Ma3ay
will collect personal information from You and any devices You may
use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may
include e.g.: geo-location; Your IP address; device ID or unique
identifier; device manufacturer and type; device and hardware
settings; SIM card usage; applications installed on your device; ID
for advertising; ad data, operating system; web browser; operator;
IMSI; connection information; screen resolution; usage statistics;
default communication applications; access to device address book;
device log and event information; logs, keywords and meta data of
incoming and outgoing calls and messages; version of the Services You
use and other information based on Your interaction with our Services
such as how the Services are being accessed (via another service, web
site or a search engine); the pages You visit and features you use on
the Services; the services and websites You engage with from the
Services; content viewed by You, content You have commented on or
sent to us and information about the ads You see and/or engage with;
the search terms You use; order information and other usage activity
and data logged by Meno Ma3ay’s servers from time to time.
Meno Ma3ay may collect some of this information automatically through
use of cookies and You can learn more about our use of cookies in our
Cookie
Policy
.
Some information, including, but not limited to,
usage information and other information that may arise from Your
interaction with the Services, cannot be used to identify You,
whether in combination with other information or otherwise and will
not constitute personal information for the purposes of this Policy.
1.3
Third
Party Services
You may provide us with Your user identifier
information regarding
, or to enable Your
usage of,
certain third party services
(together with a mapped photo where applicable) e.g. social
networking services and payment services, in order for the Services
to interoperate with such third party services. You may use such
third party services to create Your user profile or log in to our
Services, share information with such third party services, or to
connect Your user profile with the respective third party services.
Such third party services may automatically provide us with access
to certain personal information retained by them about You (e.g.,
your payment handle, unique identification
information,
content viewed by You, content
liked by You and information about the advertisements You have been
shown or may have clicked on) and You agree that we may collect, use
and retain the information provided by these third party services in
accordance with this Privacy Policy. You
may be able
to control the personal
information You allow us to have access to through the privacy
settings on the respective third party service.
We will
never store any passwords created
for any third party services.
1.4
Contact
Information
Where the Meno Ma3ay mobile applications
(“
Meno Ma3ay Apps
”)
are obtained from other sources than Apple App Store or Google Play,
You may share the names, numbers, Google ID’s and email addresses
contained in Your address book (“
Contact
Information
”) with Meno Ma3ay by
enabling the Meno Ma3ay Enhanced Search Functionality. Where the
Meno Ma3ay Apps are obtained from Apple App Store or Google Play, we
will only use permitted Contact Information to make our Services more
relevant to You and Your engagement with the Meno Ma3ay community. In
addition to Contact Information, if You choose to activate use of a
third party service, such as social networks services, within the
Services, Meno Ma3ay may collect, store and use the list of
identifiers associated with said services linked to the Contact
Information in order to enhance the results shared with other Users.
You acknowledge and agree that any Contact
Information that You share with Meno Ma3ay is submitted for
publication in the Meno Ma3ay database, for which a Publishing
Certificate (Sw: utgivningsbevis) has been issued. Such Publishing
Certificate provides for constitutional protection under the Swedish
Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression, see the Terms of Service.
Please note that no other contact
information other than the phone numbers and thereto attached names,
Google ID’s and email addresses will be collected and used from
Your address book. Other numbers or information that may be contained
in Your address book will be filtered away by our safety algorithms
and will therefore not be collected by Meno Ma3ay. Please
also note that You can always choose not to share Contact
Information with Meno Ma3ay and if You have shared such information
and changed Your mind, You can  delist Your number or opt-out to
render Your entire Contact Information unavailable for search in the
Meno Ma3ay database.
1.5
Other
Information You may provide
You may provide us with various information in
connection with Your interaction with our Services. For example, You
may through tagging functionality associate a phone number, that is
not registered in the Meno Ma3ay database, with a business or name
and You may report a phone number as spam or some other attribute to
be included in spam blocking directories. Meno Ma3ay may also from
time to time offer You the opportunity to provide information on Your
experience from using the Services or to participate in contests,
surveys or other promotions. Meno Ma3ay will collect the information
You provide in connection therewith, as well as any other information
You provide through the Services or when You communicate or interact
with us.
Use
	of Personal Information
2.1
Provide,
improve and personalize our Services
Meno Ma3ay may use the personal information
collected to provide, maintain, improve, analyze and personalize
the Services to its Users, partners and third party providers. More
specifically, Meno Ma3ay may use such information to:
provide
				smart caller ID, dialer and messaging functionality that, among
				other features, allow for population of unidentified numbers and
				other data in call or message logs, display the name associated
				with a certain number for incoming or outgoing calls and messages
				or following a manual number search against the Meno Ma3ay
				database;
display
				the number associated with a certain name following a manual name
				search against the Meno Ma3ay database, subject to that name
				searches will only produce a number linked to the name if the
				number is available for search in a public database or relates to
				a User who has made his or her name available for search, provide
				Your information to the person You reach out to when requesting a
				contact via the Meno Ma3ay name search service, in which case
				Your request will be forwarded to that person via an SMS and
				he/she may choose whether or not to share the phone number with
				You at his/her own discretion;
display
				information based on connections a User may have in common,
				directly or indirectly, with other Users via a “social graph”
				algorithm, display the “who viewed my profile” and
				“availability” functionalities of the Services;
send
				in application push notifications and reminders and deliver
				messages via the Services, in which case Your messages will be
				kept for a limited period of time in order to deliver the
				messages but Meno Ma3ay will not, unless specifically stated,
				monitor the content of Your messages;
maintain
				User spam lists and build a community based spam blocking
				directory;
enable
				You to use and share Your information in connection with Your
				registration, login or other use of third party services e.g.
				payment service providers, online services, social networking
				sites and other third party API’s; and
otherwise
				improve our Services, business and operations.
2.2
Statistical
data from the Services
We
use aggregated or anonymized personal information for statistical and
analytical purposes. We may come to share such data with third
parties.
We do not consider personal information to include
information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can
no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in
combination with other information or otherwise.
2.3
Personalize
our advertising and communications
We may use any of the information collected, as
set out above, to provide You with location and interest based
advertising, marketing messaging, information and services. We may
also use the collected information to measure the performance of our
advertising and marketing services.
We may contact You for verification purposes or
with information pertaining to the Services or special offers, e.g.
newsletter e-mails, SMS and similar notifications about Meno Ma3ay’s
and our business partners’ products and services. We also use the
collected information to respond to you when you contact us.
2.4
Compliance
with laws and prevention of fraudulent or illegal activities
We may use the collected information to comply
with applicable laws and to enforce our agreements and protect and
defend the rights or safety of Meno Ma3ay, its Users or any other
person and verify provided User profile information with third party
providers and ensure technical service functionality and data
accuracy, perform trouble-shooting and prevent or detect fraud,
security breaches or illegal activities.
Sharing
	and Disclosure of Personal Information
In addition to the sharing and disclosure of
personal information that is included as part of the functionality of
the Services as described in section 2 above, Meno Ma3ay may disclose
personal information if we believe such action is necessary to:
comply
				with the law, or legal process served on us;
protect
				and defend our rights and the enforcement of our agreements; or
protect
				the security and safety of Users or members of the public or
				other aspects of public importance, provided, of course, that
				such disclosure is lawful.
We transfer information to trusted vendors,
service providers, and other partners who support our business and
Services, such as providing technical infrastructure services, bug
testing, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the
effectiveness of ads and services and facilitating payments
as well as potential partners who may wish to work with us to provide
other services.
Meno Ma3ay will always
require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and
technical measures to protect personal information and to observe
applicable legislation. Meno Ma3ay may also share personal
information with third party advertisers, agencies and networks. Such
third parties may use this information for analytical and marketing
purposes e.g. to provide measurement services and targeted ads and
for improvement of products and services. The information may be
collected by such third parties by use of cookies, or similar
technologies, and You can learn more about the use of cookies in our
Cookie
Policy
.
We may disclose and transfer Your Information to
our associated or affiliated organisations or related entities and to
any third party who acquires, our business, whether such acquisition
is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a
substantial portion of our assets.
Delisting
	of Contact Information and Opt-Out of Ad Targeting
If a User chooses to disable the Enhanced Search
Functionality, the Contact Information made available by that User is
disabled and will thereafter not be available for search in the
Meno Ma3ay database. If any persons do not wish to have their names
and phone numbers made available through the Enhanced Search or Name
Search functionalities, they can exclude themselves from further
queries by notifying Meno Ma3ay via its website at www.Meno Ma3ay.com
or as set forth in the contact details below. You acknowledge and
agree that Meno Ma3ay may keep and process personal information
related to such request in order to be able to honor the request.
You can limit or opt-out of the collection and use
of Your information for ad targeting by third parties via Your device
settings.
Information
	Security and Transfer of Personal Information to Other Countries
In order to provide the Services, Meno Ma3ay will
transfer, process and store personal information in a number of
countries, including but not limited to Sweden, and may also use
cloud based services for this purpose. Meno Ma3ay may also
subcontract
storage or
processing of Your information to third parties located in
countries other than Your home country. Information collected within
the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”)
may, for example, be transferred to and processed in a country
outside of the EEA, which may not provide the same level of
protection for personal data as within the EEA. You acknowledge and
agree that Meno Ma3ay may transfer Your personal information as
described above for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. We
take all reasonable
precautions
to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorized
access. Meno Ma3ay has implemented physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards in order to protect the information, including
that the information will be stored on secured servers and protected
by secured networks to which access is limited to a few authorized
employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the
Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Accessing
	and Updating Personal Information
Meno Ma3ay may on its own initiative, or at Your
request, replenish, rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or
outdated personal information retained by Meno Ma3ay in connection
with the operation of the Services. When required by applicable law,
You have the right to know what personal information is stored about
You and to have any such information corrected or deleted on Your
request. See contact details below.
Minors
Services are not intended for or designed to
attract anyone under the
relevant
age
of
consent to enter into binding legal
contracts under the laws of their respective jurisdictions.
Meno Ma3ay does not intentionally or knowingly collect personal
information
through
the Services from anyone under that age. We encourage parents
and guardians
to
be involved in the online activities of their children to ensure that
no personal information is collected from a child without
their consent
.
Changes
	to this Privacy Policy
Meno Ma3ay may at any time with or without a
separate notice change this Privacy Policy, and You are encouraged to
review this Policy from time to time. In case of substantial changes,
Meno Ma3ay will notify the Users by push notice or via notice in the
Services. Your continued use of the Services after a notice of
changes has been communicated to You or published on our Services
shall constitute consent to the changed policy.
Cookies
As described in our
Cookie
Policy
, we use cookies, web
beacons, flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies, pixel tags and other web
application software methods, including mobile application
identifiers, to help us recognize you across the Services, learn
about your interests both on and off the Services, improve your
experience, increase security, measure use and effectiveness of the
Services, and serve advertising. You can control Cookies through your
browser settings and other tools. By interacting with the
Services, you consent to the use and placement of Cookies on your
device in accordance with this Privacy Policy, which by reference
incorporates our
Cookie
Policy
.
Contact
If You have any additional questions about
Meno Ma3ay’s Privacy Policy or want to make a request regarding
certain personal information, You are encouraged to contact
Meno Ma3ay via email on ask@menom3ay.com