Baby+ App
Privacy Notice
Last modified [November 1, 2024]
INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE
The Baby+ App (“App) helps you track your baby's growth, development and upcoming milestones, as well as personalized articles, tips and other services ("Services").
This Baby+ Privacy Notice (“App Privacy Notice”) explains how Philips processes information and personal data about you when you use the App, and supplements the
Philips Privacy Notice
, which provides general information on how we process your personal data, including information not specifically covered in this App Privacy Notice.
DATA CONTROLLER
The data controller of your data is Philips Consumer Lifestyle B.V., with address at High Tech Campus 5, 5656 AE, Eindhoven, The Netherlands.
WHY WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
Subject to your choices, we process your personal data for the following purposes:
Create and manage your account.
When utilizing the App, you can create an account by manually entering your personal information or using third-party login credentials. We process your account credentials and profile details to allow you to securely login to the App and provide you with our services
Provide App services.
In order to provide you with a personalized experience in your App, we process your personal data, enabling you to track your baby’s growth, development and milestones, and providing you with personalized articles, tips and features to enable you to include your babies’ moments and memories. App features provided through the App that may process your personal data include:
Secure Data Storage.
By creating an account, we are able to securely store your baby’s data and any other data that you choose to upload into the App. This helps ensure that your data is safely backed up, especially if you need to reinstall the App on another device.
Personal App experience.
We use your App data (including your baby’s data) to provide you with personalized content tailored to your baby’s age. Based on your settings, we may send you regular updates relevant to your baby’s development, through push notifications and in-app messages.
Customer support.
We may process information related to you and your use of our services, including your interaction with us, and how to contact you, to provide customer support, respond to your questions and requests, and fix our services.
Serve in-app advertisements.
We use Google’s ad serving solutions to serve Ads in the App. By consenting to receive personalized advertisements in the App, you allow us to use cookies/ similar technologies that collect and use your App data (e.g., your baby’s age in weeks) and usage data in order to tailor the ads based on their relevance to you. We will share certain App data with our advertising partner, i.e., Google Ad Manager and Ad Exchange, which will use this data to serve advertisements that are relevant and interesting to you. Our advertising is contextual to the App itself, and we do not combine or use data from other sources to further personalize the ads based on your interests and preferences outside of the App environment.
Improve our products and services.
Our primary goal is to provide you with the best possible products and services.
Based on your App usage data.
We do so by:
Assessing how you use the app and how the App performs on your mobile device. This includes identifying and promptly resolving any issues that may arise, such as app crashes.
Implementing and analysing changes or features deployed across different test groups to understand interactions.
Evaluating how the App is accessed and used and directly link you to specific App sections.
Based on Surveys and Feedback.
Occasionally, we may interact with you to gather your feedback by inviting you to participate in surveys or research projects organized by us.Participation in surveys and research projects are entirely optional. We may process your survey data in combination with your App usage data. We use this data to gain an understanding of our users and use these insights to improve our App and services in the Philips mother & childcare domain. To do so, we analyse and aggregate your information and answers.
Pregnancy+ App Users.
If you have created an account in the Pregnancy+ App offered by us and log in to the Baby+ App using the same credentials, your account will be merged at the backend and your information will be combined.
WHAT DATA WE PROCESS
The categories of personal data we process include:
Create and manage your account.
When managing your account, the data we process includes your account credentials and profile information, such as name, email address, username, account unique identifier, country, language, password, as well as your session, login and authentication information.
Provide App services
Secure Data Storage.
When you create an account in our App, we securely store your account data (e.g., your name and account unique identifier) and any other data that you upload to the app, which includes your breastfeeding data, gender, your age, your profile photo, your location, your uploaded pictures, baby’s name, baby’s birth date, baby’s gender, twin, baby’s photo,  your weekly notes, your diary entries and memories, baby’s doctor’s visits, baby’s milestones, baby’s activities, baby’s growth data, baby’s sleep data, baby's feed data, baby’s tooth data, baby’s nappy data, baby’s medication, and baby’s vaccines.
Personal App experience.
The data we process in order to provide you services in the app includes data that you directly provided to us in the app and data that we collected about your interactions with the app, through the use of cookies/similar technologies:
Your baby’s data (e.g., your baby’s birth date, your baby’s gender, if your babies are twins);
Electronic Identification data (e.g., app installation identifier, IP address, device identifiers, operating system, language and locale, time zone, device model);
App usage data (e.g., app interactions, number of articles read/liked, notification authorization status, days active, last active time, app version, session).
Customer support.
When responding to your questions and requests and to provide customer support, we process your name, email address used to send the request, email content and attachments, device type, OS, app name, app version, email address associated to your account, and account unique identifiers. We may track whether you open the email sent in response to your request.
Serve in-app advertisements.
When providing personalized advertising in the app, the data that we process includes:
Electronic identification data (e.g., AdID/IDFA, IP address, operating system version, mobile carrier, country, language);
Usage data (e.g., session); and
Information about you and your baby (e.g., relationship to baby, baby’s age in weeks).
Improve our products and services.
To improve our product and services, we process the following categories of personal data:
Based on your App usage data.
When improving our products and services based on your app usage data, the data we process includes your app installation identifier, account unique identifier, mobile device identifiers, operating system version, device model, carrier, network information and (masked) IP addresses, locale, device settings, and app information, such as app name, app version, usage and events, app sections visited,  and session information.
Surveys and Feedback.
When improving our app and services based on your survey answers, the data we process include your app installation identifier, start and end time of survey, consent, your responses, which may relate to your opinion and experience when interacting with our services or third-party services, as well as information about how you use the application or about any other mother and childcare topics.
When improving our products and services based on your ratings and reviews, the data we process include your app store username and profile, country, language, app version, device type, operating system version, app store purchase information in case of Google Play Store users (order identifier, purchase data and currency), ratings, reviews, comments and questions.
When improving our products and services based on how you interact with us across multiple channels, the data we process include your IP addresses, mobile device information, communications you click on or tap, location details, and websites you visit.
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
The lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data are as follows:
Create and Managing your Account.
We rely on the legal basis of performance of the contract to create and manage your account. We may access minimal information on your mobile device in order to facilitate and enable communication with you and to provide the service you explicitly requested.
Provide App services.
We process yours and your baby’s data to provide you services based on the App terms and relying on performance of contract. However, because our services may involve processing of sensitive data, we will require your consent. Please note that we cannot provide the services without processing data related to your baby. You can choose to delete your account and any associated data at any time if you do not want us to process this data.
Customer support.
We process your personal data based on performance of contract as is necessary to manage our services by identifying and fixing bugs and to provide customer support and reply to your request. However, we may process your data based on our legitimate interests to analyze the app’s performance for improvement of our services. We always verify that our legitimate interests do not outweigh your privacy rights and interests.
Serve in-app advertisements.
We process your personal data and your baby’s data to provide you with relevant and personalized advertising based on your explicit consent.
Improve our product and services.
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests involve improving our services, products and solutions. We always conduct a balancing test in order to make sure that our legitimate interest outweighs any risks to your rights and freedoms.
PERMISSIONS
When required to provide our services, the app may request your permission to access your mobile device’s storage capabilities, sensors or other features. These permissions include:
WiFi.
The app requires WiFi connection to connect to the internet. You can at any time block WiFi connections through the settings of your mobile device.
Camera or Photo Gallery.
If you add a picture to your profile, the app require permission to access your mobile device's camera or photo gallery.
Calendar.
The app allows you to copy your appointments to your mobile device calendar.
Apple Health.
If you are using iOS, you can authorize the app to read data from Apple’s Health App as well as to write data to Apple’s Health App. Philips’ cloud solutions do not sync with Apple. This means that the exchange of data only happens locally in your mobile device. Please note that, when you disable the sync with Apple’s Health App, the data that was previously exchanged while it was enabled remains available.
Files.
The app may require access to the mobile device’s files to store the language configurations and other files that the app uses to operate (e.g., graphics, media files, or other large program assets). If you delete the app, the data will be deleted from your mobile device.
Other.
In some cases, your operating system may request permissions that your mobile device needs for technical reasons, but that are not controlled or used by Philips.We will not collect any data associated with such permissions unless required to provide our services in accordance with this notice.
Sub-section Policy: 