Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
Witty Games India Pvt. ltd and its affiliates ("Witty Games", “us”, “our” or "we") are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you").  This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our Apps or any Witty Games websites provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android)(collectively, the "Service").  Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Witty Games through your use of the Service.  Witty Games is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer.  Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.  If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact +91-040-66061222.
Information Collection and Use
Witty Games collects information as described below.  Witty Games primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
Witty Games Sites
While you are browsing Witty Games Sites/ mobile applications, your computers/ mobile phone operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type/ OS type and language may be logged automatically.  We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service.  In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.  We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services.  We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with Witty Games Sites and notify you about company news and promotions.  Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions.
IOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the Witty Games applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address).  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application.  We will not share this information with any third party. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service.  This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Witty Games you are playing.
Facebook Connect.
You can log in to our applications using Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on your profile page to share with others within your network only after taking the respective permissions from you. We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service.  The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Witty Games.
Invite a Friend
Witty Games may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Witty Games and/or you can invite them to join you in Witty Games.  Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.  You or the third party may contact us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent Witty Games stores any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Witty Games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, Bonus, Private Tables and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings or in the game lobby settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.  This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile Google analytics to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile app on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Disclosure of Your information
Witty Games does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.  If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
.  If you no longer wish to receive such communications from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
Witty Games may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf.  Example of these services include analyzing data and providing customer support.  These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Witty Games.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with legal terms, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Witty Games may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.  You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
Witty Games takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this information.  We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S/ other countries. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Contact Us
Want to know more? We’d love to hear from you on any new ideas, thoughts, feedback – write to us at
info@wittygamesindia.com
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
© 2019 Witty Games India
Disclaimer:
All our apps are freemium apps which are purely for fun and recreational purposes. There are no real money gains or losses. Our in-app purchases are only for extended and enhanced gaming experiences and the virtual currency is not redeemable or transferrable and do not carry any monetary value. Consequently, you cannot trade or sell your in-game virtual balances for "real" money or alternative currencies except for the purposes of usage within the game.