Privacy Policy
steve
2024-10-04T15:56:27-07:00
Looking for our Terms of Service? Click
here
.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT
Updated October 4, 2024
This Privacy Policy shall apply to the applications published in the Microsoft Store and Apple App Store by Scriptation LLC and that are accessible from mobile devices and personal computers (the “
App
“), and the use of the websites controlled by Scriptation LLC in general (the “
Website
“; App, and Website together the “
Services
“).
1. GENERAL
Regarding the Services: Scriptation LLC (“
Scriptation
“, “
we
“, “
us
” or “
our
“) is the Data Controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
“).
This privacy policy shall inform you on how we collect, process and use (“
Use
“) personal data in connection with the Services.
2. DATA WE COLLECT, PROCESS AND USE
2.1
In general, you can use the Services without providing any personal information such as e.g. your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, financial information (all such information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual data subject together “
Personal Data
“). Therefore, if you do not provide us directly with Personal Data in another way or actively consent to the Use by us of certain Personal Data, we, in general, do not Use your data with the exception of the following:
2.1.1
Regarding the Website: when you visit the Website, your browser transfers certain data so that it can access the Website, namely:
the IP address
the date and time of the request
the browser type
the operating system
the language and version of the browser software.
Additionally, we use cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technologies to collect information about user interactions with the website. This data is used solely for internal purposes such as improving website functionality, analyzing usage trends, and enhancing user experience. We do not sell or share this information with third parties.
2.1.2
Regarding the App: when you use the App, we collect data on your usage of the App, such as the periods of time in which you use the App and the type of device you use (e.g. iPhone, iPad), actions you perform, features you interact with, and links you follow out of the App. We use this information to collect general analytical information on how the App is being used to improve the App, offer new features, and to show you content that is relevant to you. If you are using the App through an Enterprise account, we also collect your name and your email address. We only use the Personal Data described in the preceding sentence for the purposes set forth in Sections 2.4 through 2.6 below.
2.1.3
Regarding email: we save a record of communication including attachments and information you voluntary decide to share with us for troubleshooting purposes whenever you communicate with our support team.
2.1.4
Email messages sent by us via third-party services like MailChimp or Crisp may contain tracking pixel which helps us collect statistics on delivery and opening rates of our correspondence. These pixels do not provide us with any additional personal data about you or your behavior online. You can disable image rendering in your email client which will deactivate this feature, however you will be unable to see any images within other received emails.
The legal basis for the processing of the data described above in section 2.1.1 through 2.1.3 (to the extent such data is to be considered Personal Data) is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. GDPR (legitimate interests; regarding section 2.1.1 the legitimate interests to Use such data arises from the fact that without such data the Website cannot be accessed by our customers and/or other users; regarding section 2.1.2 the legitimate interests to Use such data is that we have an interest to continuously improve the App; regarding section 2.1.3 the legitimate reason is that we need the information to provide you with the support you requested).
2.1.5
As part of our commitment to data privacy and security, we inform you that our use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. This ensures that any Google user data we process through Restricted and Sensitive Scopes is handled in a manner that is consistent with Google’s policies and user expectations.
2.2
Only in cases in which you have given us prior consent we also use your Personal Data for other purposes but only to the extent needed in each specific case. The legal basis for the processing of the data described in this section 2.2 is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR (consent).
2.3
We may disclose Personal Data to third parties where such disclosure is required by law (for example, upon request of a court or of law enforcement authorities). The legal basis for the processing of the data described in this section 2.3 is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. c GDPR (legal obligation).
2.4
If a third party has credible evidence, as determined by us in our discretion, that you may be using the Services for tortious or illegal (such as leaking scripts or breaching copyright), and provides this evidence to us, we may share your Personal Data with the proper governmental authorities to aid the investigation. If your access to the App is provided by your employer or another party with whom we have a written agreement, we may provide the Personal Data to them necessary to investigate a claim by them that you are using the Services for tortious or illegal activities.
2.5
If we believe you have breached any of your responsibilities under our Terms of Service, or any other agreement between you and us, we may use the Personal Data we’ve collected to resolve the dispute or take necessary legal action to protect ourselves and our affiliates.
2.6
We may also Use certain data as set forth in section 3 below.
3. SCRIPTATION’S COOKIES POLICY
3.1
Scriptation’s websites use cookies to personalize your experience on our sites. Cookies tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, help us measure the performance of ads, and give us insights into user behavior so we can improve our communications and products.
You can disable cookies anytime in your web browser. Here is how it works in Google Chrome and Safari browsers:
Chrome:
Go to the Settings in the Chrome menu (Chrome toolbar).
Scroll down the page and click Advanced.
In the “Privacy” section, click the Content settings.
Click “Cookies” and change anything desired.
Safari:
Go to Preferences.
Click the Privacy tab.
Choose to Block all cookies.
For other browsers, please check the documentation your provider provides.
Scriptation’s cookies don’t collect information that personally identify you. Also, other sites or companies won’t be able to track you through our cookies.
When you disable cookies, our website can no longer provide you with the best user experience and you miss the opportunity to get more personalized information, such as displaying information in your language or displaying prices in your currency.
In addition to cookies, we use pixels and other tracking technologies to better understand how users interact with our website. The data collected from these technologies is used for internal analytics and performance improvements, and we do not share or sell this information with third-party services.
COOKIES: USE OF (FURTHER ANALYZING) TOOLS
Cookies are stored on your computer when using the Website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk of the computer with which you visit a website and which are allocated to your browser and through which certain information is submitted to the cookies user that sets the cookie (in this case us). Cookies serve to make the website offering more user-friendly and effective overall.
The Website uses cookies to the following extent:
Transient / Session cookies
Persistent / Setting cookies
Analysis cookies
Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This includes in particular the session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, which identify user session in the browser. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close your browser.
Persistent cookies help the Website remember your information and settings when you visit them in the future. They are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie.
We also use cookies on our website which enable an analysis of the user’s surfing behavior.
3.2
The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze how you use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.
The IP address that your browser transfers within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, however please note that if you do so you may not be able to use all functions of the Website. You can also opt-out from the storage by Google of the data that is created by the cookie and is related to the use of the Website (including your IP address) and the processing of such data by Google by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out Browser add-on available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
As an alternative to the browser add-on or within browsers on mobile devices, you can click this link in order to opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics within this Website in the future (this opt-out option applies only for the browser in which you set it and with regard to the Website). In this case an opt-out cookie is put on your device. In case you delete your cookies, you will have to use the aforementioned link again.
For further information on Google Analytics please refer to:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms
,
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
and
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en
3.3
Our Apps use Meta SDK of Meta Platforms, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park (
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios
,
https://developers.facebook.com/policy
) to analyze sources of app installations and how you use the app. Meta SDK and Analytics is a service which helps us to improve ours Service by better understanding general app usage patterns.
3.4
If you decide to deactivate (some of) the cookies and tools described above, please note that certain features and functionalities of the Services might not work or might not be accessible to you.
3.5
The legal basis for the processing of the data described in this section 3 (to the extent such data is to be considered Personal Data) is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR (legitimate interests; the legitimate interests to Use such data is that we use and analyze the respective data to improve our Services, such as by gaining a better understanding of your interests and requirements regarding our Services and to help personalize your user experience).
4. TECHNICAL IMPLEMENTATION OF THE SERVICES BY SUBCONTRACTORS
We partly use service providers who process Personal Data on behalf of us to operate the technical platform for the Services (for example, the documents that you scan and send via the App are processed by a third party fax service provider (whereas the respective servers are exclusively situated in EU member states)). We also send Personal Data to third parties to assist us in providing Services related to text script analysis and summarization. We will endeavor to receive your consent prior to sending Personal Data to third parties for these purposes. Additionally, data collected via cookies and tracking technologies may be processed by our subcontractors for internal analytics purposes, such as understanding user behavior and improving website functionality. Third party service providers are obligated to process the data exclusively according to our instructions (order processing). The legal basis for the data processing described in this section 4 is Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR (performance of contract and pre-contractual measures) and Art. 28 GDPR (order processing).
5. DURATION OF STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
Unless no shorter storage period is indicated in this privacy policy, we, in general, store Personal Data as long (i) as required for the provision of the Services to you, and/or (ii) as it is necessary with regard to the contractual relationship with you, thereafter only if and to the extent that we are obliged to do so by mandatory statutory retention obligations. If we no longer require the respective Personal Data for the purposes described above, such Personal Data will only be stored during the respective legal retention period and not processed for other purposes.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request information from us at any time about your Personal Data stored by us. If the legal requirements are met, you also have rights vis-à-vis us to request from us access to and rectification or erasure or restriction of processing concerning your Personal Data or to object the processing of your Personal Data as well as the right to receive your Personal Data provided to us in a structured, established and machine-readable format from us (you can transfer this data to other parties or have it transferred; data portability).
If you have given your consent to the use of personal data, you can revoke such consent at any time (for the future).
If you believe that the processing of your Personal Data by us is in breach of the applicable data protection laws, you can issue a complaint with the competent supervisory authority for data protection.
Your rights to access, modify, or request deletion of personal data also extend to any data collected through cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technologies. If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us at privacy-at-scriptation-dot-com.
7. CONTACT
You can contact us (e.g. if you have any questions about data protection regarding Scriptation (including regarding the assertion of your rights further explained in section 6 above)), for example, via the address indicated above in section 1 or via the following emails: support-at-scriptation-dot-com or dpo-at-scriptation-dot-com (Scriptation Data Protection Officer), or at our GDPR Representative Office at the following address:
Scriptation LLC
23823 Malibu Rd Ste 50-281
Malibu, CA 90265
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURE
We have taken extensive technical and operational precautions to protect the Personal Data retained by us against unauthorized access and misuse. Our security procedures are revised regularly and adapted to reflect technological progress.