Privacy Policy
Here at Livingsocial (
we, us
), we are committed to protecting the data that we hold and use about you and to respecting your privacy.  We are confident that you will find the information that you need set out in this policy, but if you need to know more about the data that we hold or the way that we use it, you can contact us by emailing
privacy@livingsocial.co.uk
.
About this policy
The way that we use your personal data
What personal data do we collect?
How do we collect personal data?
How do we use personal data?
How do we share your personal data?
Security and retention of your personal data
Your rights
Cookie policy
Privacy policy of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authority
1.	About this policy
This policy (together with our
Terms of Use
,
E-commerce terms
and other documents that we may refer to within this policy or within the Terms of Use or E-commerce terms) describes the data that we collect from you or about you, and the way that we use it. Please read the policy carefully as it will help you to understand the way that we use your data and our reasons for doing so.
The "data controller" of your personal data (in other words, the organisation that determines how your data is used) is Livingsocial Limited (company number 04264984) of Livingsocial Limited, Unit 1-2, 19A Fortess Grove, London, England, NW5 2HD.
2.	The way that we use your personal data
A.	What personal data do we collect?
This policy gives you information about the way that we use your "personal data".  Personal data is any information that could be used to identify you in some way. The personal data that we collect from or about you may include the following:
name;
address;
e-mail address;
phone number;
any location or category preferences you have subscribed to in relation to the products and services we offer;
location information from the device that you use to visit the site or whilst using our App;
financial, credit and debit card information when you make a purchase or call our customer service line;
information about the products and services you purchase from us;
information about your visit to our websites, including information about how and when you came to visit our websites, how you interacted with the websites (products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and where you went next (including full URLs and methods used to browse away from the site);
technical information about the way that you use web or mobile services, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information if you register on our website or via our app, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device information;
information collected from our websites and elsewhere across the internet through cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, device identifiers and other technologies including information about your shopping habits and preferences; and
demographic information and other information provided by you.
Although we may offer items or services for purchase which may be relevant to children, we do not intend for any of our sites or services to be used by children, and we do not intend to collect data from children.
Similarly, we do not intend to collect (and we ask you not to disclose) any particularly sensitive data such as data relating to your health, religion or ethnic background.
B.	How do we collect personal data?
Directly from you:
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
register on our site as a customer or make an enquiry;
purchase any of our products or services;
participate in our message boards blogs or any other user generated content facilities;
send emails to us;
use or view our website via your browser's cookies;
visit our premises;
collect a Click and Collect order from our premises; and
undergo new business checks as part of our new business/merchant onboarding process.
send the message
subscribe
to our WhatsApp Marketing Channel. In doing this you are agreeing for us to store and process your name & mobile phone number associated to your WhatsApp account. This information will be shared with our partner Vonage in order to provide WhatsApp marketing communications.
Our website uses cookies to recognise you when you visit and use the site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the site (for example, certain cookies help to remember your preferences or items that you have placed in your 'basket' on the site) and also allows us to improve the site. Other cookies help us to tailor online advertising based on your interests and behaviour on our website and across the internet. For more information on the cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them and ways to limit the use of cookies and similar technologies in relation to your browsers or devices, please see our
Cookie Policy.
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, and we also collect your IP address or other device identifier (this enables us to recognise your computer or device when you use the site) via our server log files.
If you visit one of our premises to collect a Click and Collect order, we will ask you for a form of identification which shows your full name, such as a bank card or driving licence. This is so that we can verify that the parcel you are collecting has been ordered by you.
As a merchant, if you visit one of our premises, or if we visit you at your premises, we may process your personal data. This personal data may include: your name, job title, employer, postal address, e-mail address and phone number (including mobile number). We may also ask to see a form of photo identification to verify your identity.
We conduct checks as part of our onboarding process for new businesses/merchants. If we are onboarding you as a new business/merchant, we will ask you to provide a form of photo identification to verify your identity. Our warehouse inspector will either have a video call with you to match you to your photo or visit your premises in person to verify the match. .
From other sources:
We may also receive your data from 3rd parties:
We may collect data from the merchants who advertise their products or services on our site, for example about your redemption of any voucher that you buy from us or if we provide delivery services to the merchant whereby we post the products to you on behalf of the merchant;
We work closely with third parties providing services to us (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors providing technical, payment and delivery services related to the goods or services we provide to you, advertising networks, social networking platforms, analytics providers, search information providers) and we may also receive information about you from them;
If you enter sweepstakes, special offers or contests sponsored by us or one of our business partners including email addresses from publishers who work through the following agencies - We Breathe Media, eGentic and Lead365. These publishers include but are not limited to the following:
Aldanti International Network
All Groove
Dalma Media
Massive Ads Digital Limited (Datastars)
Submission Technology Limited
My Offers / PDV
Marketing Punch / Offerx
Luna Park Media
In some circumstances related to a particular transaction, we may obtain data from public databases or credit reference agencies; and
We may combine information that we collect about you from other sources with the information that you give to us directly. We may use this combined information as described in this policy;
C.	How do we use personal data, and what is our justification for doing so?
We use your personal data for a variety of purposes related to the products and services that we provide.
We collect your data for the reasons listed below
The provision of products and services offered to you:
to provide you with the information, products and services (including vouchers) that you request or purchase from us (i.e. to complete certain tasks, processes or orders on our website or within our apps, take payment online (where applicable) and deliver your products or services), and to communicate with you regarding those products and services (including vouchers) that you purchase from us and respond to your questions and comments; and
to measure customer satisfaction and provide customer service (including liaising with merchants to troubleshoot in connection with your purchases or your requests for services).
We use your data in this way either because we have a contract with you (for example, if you purchase a voucher from our site, a contract to provide that voucher to you) or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so (for example, it is in our interests to measure customer satisfaction and 'troubleshoot' customer issues) but we will always ensure that your rights are protected.
For advertising and marketing purposes, including to measure how effective our marketing is:
to contact you with daily or weekly emails to let you know about products and services we offer (and that the merchants who advertise on 
                        our sites offer) that we think you might be interested in based on your subscribed location and other preferences on your account, we may 
                        also combine this with information we collect from other sources to ensure we are only telling you about products and services which would 
                        interest you;
to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and our advertising (i.e. so that we can tell what interests our customers and what 
                        doesn't);
for information on how we use cookies, please see our cookie policy;
We rely on your consent to contact you directly about the products and services on offer on our site (for example, we will send you Daily Deals emails based on your consent). In other scenarios, we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business, always ensuring that your rights are protected. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date. You have the right to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of our group. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purpose, then please visit our email preference centre, a link to our email preference centre is included in the footer of every email that we send you.
For administrative and internal business purposes:
to ensure that content on our site is presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and for your device and to tailor the site's experience and content based on the way that you use the site;
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
for our internal business purposes, such as analysing and managing our businesses, audits, developing new products or services, enhancing our site, improving our services and products and identifying usage trends.  For these purposes, your personal data will be aggregated and looked at on a statistical basis;
It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your data in this way.  For example, we have a clear interest in ensuring that our site works properly and that our products and services are high quality and efficient. We will always ensure that your rights are protected.
For security and legal and compliance purposes:
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to detect or prevent fraud or other illegal activity;
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate in each case in order to comply with laws or legal process (including laws or legal process in other countries);
to protect our rights or property (or the rights or property of others) and to enforce our rights and pursue available remedies;
In some cases, we will need to use your personal data to fulfil a legal obligation (for example, if we receive a legitimate request from law enforcement agencies), and in other cases (such as the detection of fraud or ensuring the security of the site, for example by verifying the identification of merchants before permitting access to our premises)  we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business to use your data in this way.
International transfer of your data:
some of the processes involved in our use of your personal data may require your data to be stored or processed in countries outside of Europe.
Whenever we send (or permit a third party to send) your personal data outside of Europe, we will make sure that we take steps necessary to protect your data as required by applicable laws.  For example, we may implement specific contract terms or we may rely on service providers who adhere to certain compliance programmes overseas, or we may select service providers based in countries with strong local laws to protect your personal data.
D.	How do we share your personal data?
We will never sell your personal data to third parties. Your personal data is only shared with trusted third parties for a specific reason, such as to facilitate payments, to enable the sending of emails to customers and suppliers, or to manage our sales process or the provision of customer services to you. The various ways in which we will share your data are set out below:
Sharing data within our group:
We are part of a group of companies that share various operations and business processes.  We may share your personal data with any member of our group in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so (for example, our legal function is provided by another group company which means that your personal data may be shared with our lawyers who are based in another group company).
We may also disclose personal data to other companies in our group (which includes LivingSocial Europe Limited) and may use and share with those companies any information we learn from your interactions with us and from other companies in our group. Subject to acquiring your consent, you may be contacted by other companies in our corporate group by email, telephone, SMS and/or post with information and offers within the group.
Sharing with merchants of the products and services we offer:
We host offers on behalf of third party merchants on our website and, as such, we will share some information about you with the merchant when you purchase a voucher from us to be redeemed against the product or service offered by them. In almost all cases, this is because such sharing is necessary in connection with our performance of our contract with you, and in some other cases it may be in our legitimate interests to do this since this enables us and the merchants to provide you with competitive offers for a range of products and services and to prevent fraud.  This also helps improve the services we and the merchants offer to you.
When you redeem a voucher with a third party merchant, you will be entering into a separate contract with that third party merchant and, in these cases, your personal data will be collected by the third party merchant and not by us.  You should also read the third party merchant's privacy policy to make sure that you understand how they may use your data.  In some instances the third party merchant may share some of your personal data with us for example to evidence that your order has been placed or if they ask us to provide redemption or delivery services for them. To ensure you get the best serice, if a third party merchant informs us that they are no longer able to fulfil your order after you have redeemed your voucher, we might share your information with an alternate trusted merchant who is able to provide you with the same or similar goods or services.
Sharing with organisations providing services to us:
We engage various third parties to provide services to us for specific functions, and this will often mean that we need to share your personal data with them (it is in our legitimate interests to do so, since we may not have the capabilities to provide these services ourselves).  In each case, we will ensure that these third parties are only allowed to use your personal data in order to provide the relevant services to us.  We will always make sure that we use organisations that we trust to look after your personal data appropriately and as required by applicable laws.
Some examples of these third parties will include: credit card processing services, order fulfilment, analytics, website management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, WhatsApp messaging supplier, auditing, and other similar services.
In some cases, we may use a third party payment service such as PayPal to process purchases made through the site. In these cases, your personal data will be collected by the payment provider on our behalf, and not by us. You should also read the payment provider's privacy policy to make sure that you understand how they may use your data.
Sharing data with online advertising related service providers:
We may from time to time work with online advertisers, social media platforms and advertising networks to deliver, tailor and measure advertising to you and others both on the site and elsewhere on the internet (including on social media platforms such as Facebook, Snapchat, Tiktok, Pinterest and Twitter).  We also use various tools and products which involve the sharing of data with Google (
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB
),  Facebook (
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
),  Snapchat (
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy
), Appsflyer (
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
), Acxiom (
https://www.acxiom.co.uk/about-acxiom/privacy/uk-privacy-policy/
), Lotame (
https://www.lotame.com/privacy-and-data-protection/
), OnAudience (
https://www.onaudience.com/privacy-policy/
), Criteo (
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
), Pinterest (
https://policy.pinterest.com/ms/privacy-policy-2016
), TikTok (
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en
) to deliver, measure and tailor our online advertising.
The personal data that we allow to be shared with these third parties includes online identifiers such as IP address, data from cookies or similar technologies, or other device related information.
Similarly, we may share certain online identifiers with analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
You can choose not to allow your data to be used to deliver targeted advertising by changing your settings within social media platforms, or as described in the third party privacy policies set out above.
Sharing data in connection with changes to our group structure or the ownership of our business:
If we sell or propose to sell our business or part of it, we may need to disclose your personal data to prospective buyers.
Similarly, if there are changes to our group structure or if our ownership changes, we may need to disclose your personal data to the new owners or operators of this site or any of our apps as part of that process.
Sharing data to comply with laws:
There may be scenarios where we are subject to a legal obligation to disclose or share your personal data, such as with law enforcement agencies or public authorities in order to prevent or detect crime.
3.	Security and retention of your personal data
Security of your personal data:
We take the security of your data very seriously and have put physical, technical and administrative strategies, controls and measures in place to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use of disclosure as required by law and in accordance with accepted good industry practice.
To help us keep your data safe please choose a strong, secure password and keep your password confidential and avoid sharing it with anyone.
Retention of your personal data:
We keep your personal information for as long as is necessary for the relevant purposes described in this privacy policy, as may be required by law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. 
                    This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the data and the reason that we have the data in the first place.
4.	Your rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
to ask us not to use your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
The right to access − you have the right to ask to see what personal data we hold about you and to find out about the way that we process the data (and in some circumstances, you can ask us to provide a copy to a third party). We may charge you a small fee for this service;
The right to rectification − You have the right to ask us to correct or update any personal data which is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete information you believe is incomplete;
The right to erasure − you have the right to ask for personal data to be deleted in some (but not all) 
                    circumstances where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it;
The right to restrict and object to processing − you have the right to ask us to temporarily stop using your data if you don't believe that we have a right to use it, or to stop us from using your personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to use it and not to be subject to decisions made solely on the basis of 'automated processing' (i.e. the right not to be subject to decisions made solely by algorithms or computers without input from a human) in certain circumstances; and
The right to data portability - You have the right to request that we transfer the data we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
5. Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
In addition to personal information you provide, we may also collect information about you automatically when you visit the Site or access content in our electronic communications with you.
The collection of information may involve the use of cookies and web beacons. A web beacon is a small graphic image placed on a web page that is designed to allow us to monitor traffic on the Site or within electronic communications. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Cookies allow us to identify your computer and find out details about your visit and browsing habits so that we can offer you a more personalised experience and manage, monitor and improve services.
Most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance if you prefer. If you choose not to receive our cookies, you may not be able to use some of the core features of the Site.
The information collected by cookies and web beacons is not tied to your contact details (such as your name or email address), it only includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the internet e.g. operating system and platform, IP address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the Site and geographical location.
You can learn more about cookies and how to reject cookies using different types of browser by visiting
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Separate tools are also available for managing local shared objects or 'Flash cookies' from the Adobe website. These cookies may be used to manage the effective delivery of services using video or other flash related content.
While you do not need to allow your browser to accept cookies in order to browse much of our web site or to access many of our services, you must have cookies enabled if you wish to undertake certain services on our website or access any areas reserved for registered users.
How do we use cookies
Cookies help us provide you with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. 
                A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
We use cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website including:
to enable us to simplify the signing in process for registered users;
to help ensure the security and authenticity of registered users; and
to provide the mechanisms for online services and to enable traffic monitoring. 
                    This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs.
What type of cookies do we use?
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. 
                    They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our 
                    website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding 
                    what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, 
                    greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of location).
Targeting and advertising cookies from us and 3rd paries.
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have 
                    followed and information about your browser, device and your IP address. We will use this information to make our website more relevant 
                    to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties to make advertising more relevant to you. We may also share 
                    online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown 
                    advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website. Display advertising on the Site is provided by our advertising partners. 
                    Our advertising partners will serve advertisements that they believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information 
                    about your visit to the Site and other websites (this information does not include your name, street address, email address or 
                    telephone number).
One of the third party cookies on our site is provided by Criteo. The purpose of Criteo's service is to find visitors who also visit the websites of other companies on the Criteo network and serve these visitors personalized ads or where we or the other company has consent from the visitor, send personalized emails. Criteo uses cookies to single out visitors and then personalize ads based on their browsing experience. To learn more or opt out of Criteo
click here.
For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising please visit
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/.
How to manage cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, 
                    if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
You can manage your cookie preferences when you first visit our site or at any subsequent time by
clicking here
Visit
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
to find out more.
More details
For more detail on our cookies, and on trusted 3rd party companies using cookies on our Site
click here
.
6. Privacy policies of other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
7. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this site. We may also email you with any changes if we have your 
            email address. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
8. How to contact us
If you would like to unsubscribe from all Livingsocial emails; close your account; or exercise any of the rights listed above, 
            or if you have any queries or concerns about the way that we use your personal data (or any questions about this privacy policy), 
            you can contact us by emailing
privacy@livingsocial.co.uk
. 
            Alternatively, if you wish to manage your subscription (including the frequency of our updates) 
            please visit our email preference centre, a link to our email preference centre is included in the footer of every email that we send to you.
We have appointed an EU Representative. The contact details of our EU representative are as follows:
By email:
privacy@livingsocial.co.uk
By post:
LivingSocial Europe Limited
6Th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street Dublin 4., Dublin 4, Dublin, D04 TR29, CRO 487251
9. How to contact the appropriate authority
You also have the right to complain about our use of your personal data. You can contact the Information Commissioner's Office via 
            their website:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
or by calling 0303 123 1113.
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site. Press 'ACCEPT' or manage your options.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Options
ACCEPT
Privacy Preference Center
We and our partners place cookies, access and use non-sensitive information from your device to improve our products and personalize ads and other contents throughout this website. You may accept all or part of these operations. 
To learn more about cookies, partners, and how we use your data, to review your options or these operations for each partner, visit our privacy link below.
Privacy policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Disagree to All
Confirm My Choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent
Leg.Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
All Consent Allowed
Disagree to All
Confirm My Choices
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to find out more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
Effective 16 September 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information that Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or
device
that you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things that you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.
Information that we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers and
devices
that you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information that we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and operator name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:
Terms that you search for
Videos that you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history that you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products that you’re using and the settings that you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products that you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
; for example, from your searches or
places that you label such as home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services which provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure that our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalised services, including content and ads
We use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and
customised search results
. For example,
Security Check-Up
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalised ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Centre
.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Centre
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information that we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Check-Up
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Check-Up
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services
, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Centre
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalisation:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things such as remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, such as your email
View statistics regarding your account, such as how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests that we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Check-Up and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorised access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content that you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to get it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymised automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so that you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service that you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms that you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data that you've requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your delivery address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a ‘check-in’ button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’ information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you to share your location using
Google Location Sharing
so that others can find you on a map or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent and provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video or processing, fulfilling and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products and features
To maintain the service so that it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. If we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help us understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us to discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyse which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyse usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and to increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyse queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google’s servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure that they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us to design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google to develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products, such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google's first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalised services, including content and ads
To customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and customised search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Check-up feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
Google Play uses information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalised ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for ‘mountain bikes’ or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customise our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalised, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos that you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalised ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance – we use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design.
We use data about the ads that you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times that a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyses data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing the number of times that a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analysing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfil obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you – we use information that we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues that you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyse IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
We analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment that you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth that you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analysing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure that it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA and your linked services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children and teens
Voice and audio collection from children’s features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Check-Up
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety centre
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s teen privacy guide
provides answers to some of the top questions that we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an Internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in 'local storage' mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and re-opened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners’ sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorised access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or refers to an individually identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination web page by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last web page the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for 'cars' looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences and providing personalised advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognise a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area that you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least three sq. km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third-party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways that you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads that you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for 'pizza'. Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programmes so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers, which don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services such as Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialler, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input and security features. Learn more about
Google Play services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymise data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
customised search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can obtain more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customised search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customisation, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalisation
.
Customising our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a 'check-in' button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your delivery address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
) and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to the appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie that you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyse how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, such as Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer) and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (such as MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Find out more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyse how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyse its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyses these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over two million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, such as apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, such as a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect date of birth indicating that you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalised ads
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places that you label like home and work
You might choose to save places that are important to you, such as your home or your work, to your Google Account. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses at any time in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business' information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalised ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things such as 'Cooking and Recipes' or 'Air Travel'. We don’t use topics or show personalised ads based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
who use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to work out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centres located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
Similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps that we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data that you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
that you’ve left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronisation with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc or Bcc field of an email you’re composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report usage statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information that we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content that you have in other Google products, such as Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things such as the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant and hotel reservations or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by auto-completing their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalised content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, for example sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions that you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so that we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely to have been seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like 'Hey Google', Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, for example from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
, and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Find out more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Centre
A drop-down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Centre
Privacy Principles
Privacy by product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective 7 April 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until 7 April 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: 7 April 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it – that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalised experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalised experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms", we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control over your information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update and delete your information, decide who can contact you and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Please go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalised experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information we collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, and payment information, so we can process the payment and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels or other research questions), we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our – for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI and metadata – for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video or audio – so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognise user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers) and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video) and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email or other messaging services) and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How we use information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalised products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e. operate, deliver and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighbourhood, content others have posted to the Map or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalise Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalised Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you, or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory and inform us that you’re into dogs, so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalisation can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favourite espresso machine or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalisation also includes tailoring your experience based on who you interact with most and what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritise sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalisation with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g. the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalise your experience, make recommendations or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalised Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalise, target and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie – we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalisation, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy – and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than is necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor and analyse trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g. new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviours and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorised or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different or otherwise specific way.
How we share information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Centre Participants.
When you have enabled Family Centre, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf.  For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimise the performance of ads or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety and security reasons:
Comply with any valid legal process, governmental request or applicable law, rule or regulation.
Investigate, remedy or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us.  We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS, we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time – we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside where you live. Whenever we share information outside where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How long we keep your information
In this section, we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
– like your name, phone number and email address – to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honour your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap – like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight – we'll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Expert tip: you can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse or protect ourselves or others.
Have a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live you may have additional rights. This section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please have a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The US State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain US states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads-up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ home pages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Sub-policy 3
https://www.acxiom.co.uk/about-acxiom/privacy/uk-privacy-policy/:
Chevron Right
Arrow Right
Play
Plus
skip to main content
Install Opt Out Cookie
Sub-Processor List
US Products Privacy Policy
UK Privacy Policy
UK Website and Marketing Privacy Policy
Recruitment Notice – UK
Recruitment Notice – Germany
Recruitment Notice – Poland
UK Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Acxiom’s Privacy Policy which relates to data collected for use in our products and services. Our full Privacy Policy is available below the following video which, we believe, will help you understand Acxiom and how we use the product data to help businesses deliver better marketing experiences to people.
Scope
We respect the right of individuals to privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains:
Who we are
What kinds of product data we may hold
How we obtain product data
What we do with product data
Who we may share your data with
Security
Other information
Who we are
Our company is Acxiom Limited. Our registered office is 16 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7EG and company registered number is 1182318.
What kinds of product data we hold
Acxiom holds data such as addresses, lifestyle and demographic data. This information is kept in an aggregated form so that individuals cannot be identified, for the purposes listed below.
How we obtain product data
We obtain product data from partner companies who in turn obtain information from people who volunteer information when they complete lifestyle surveys or when they buy goods or subscribe to clubs or services. In the past, we also collected information directly from our own lifestyle questionnaire program which we no longer run. We obtain data through various channels such as online, by telephone or in paper format. In common with many marketing companies, we also use information that we obtain from public sources, such as the open electoral register and register of company directors along with data made available under the open government licence such as the census, HM Land Registry data and DWP area level statistics.
Click here
for examples of the kinds of companies and sources we mean. Before we obtain any data it is aggregated so that it does not identify anyone.
What we do with product data
We use this data to create solutions to be used for insight, recognition and contact purposes.
Insight:
we use this data to create a marketing picture of individuals throughout the country. This includes demographics such as age and income, hobbies and interests that relate to people’s lifestyle choices and market specific predictors such as technology and financial product ownership. We use a combination of actual data held (about a property or groups of people) and derived information (through statistical modelling or by applying a logical rule set) which indicates likelihood of having a particular attribute, e.g. likelihood to have pets or to fall within a particular marketing segment such as “technology early adopters”. The resulting dataset is then used by others to make marketing more relevant as further explained in the next section. We do not use data that our suppliers created from special category data. This is a type of data the law considers particularly sensitive.
Recognition:
we use the data for matching and linking to other databases. For example, an advertiser sends us a list of addresses, then we match those addresses to our product. Where there is a match, we add the lifestyle information we hold on those matched individuals to the advertiser file; or instead of adding lifestyle information we append a persistent key to the advertiser file which can then be used to recognise records that have the same key appended to them.
Contact:
we use contact information from this data to create a direct marketing file. For example, we create a file of addresses which is used for marketing.
We do not carry out any marketing ourselves with these solutions, and businesses using them to contact people need separately to ensure they may do so in accordance with applicable law.
Who we may share product data with
We share information with our commercial partners – such as brands, agencies, public authorities and marketing companies – in all industry sectors to help them deliver better marketing and service/communication experiences to people. They may use this product data for the following purposes:
to send you relevant marketing or other communications
to improve the relevance of marketing or other communications through the use of lifestyle and demographic insight data
to clean, validate and enhance marketing or other databases
to undertake research and analysis
for product development and testing
to support client relationship
to connect and link product data to other marketing and advertising databases and platforms
for work planning, management and strategic decision making and
for the fulfilment of statutory functions, for example reminding people about TV licences.
Some examples of the industry types you can expect product data to be used in are: automotive, charity, education, gaming, retail, leisure, financial services (including retail banking, investments, loans, credit cards, insurance, wills and funeral plans), politics, health/mobility, home improvements, mail order, market research, publishing, media, FMCG (toiletries/cosmetics/food and drink), travel, telecoms and utilities.
We share product data directly with brands and via agencies. We also share data (usually in a form where individuals cannot be directly identified) with other marketing companies such as social media and programmatic platforms. We make sure the recipients of our data are reputable entities by conducting appropriate checks on them. Before we share our data we enter into written agreements with recipients which contain terms that safeguard the data.
Data used in Acxiom’s data products and services may also be passed to and used by members of the Acxiom group of companies worldwide. We may also pass data to other companies that process product data on our behalf to help us conduct our business. When we do so, we ensure that appropriate contractual safeguards are put in place.
Acxiom may also disclose data as required by law and to comply with legal process.
Security
Acxiom takes security seriously. We make considerable investments and use an industry-recognised security objective control framework to keep our sites and systems secure and to prevent product data from being made available to any unauthorised persons or businesses. Examples of measures we take to ensure data security are as follows:
Physical Data Security:
Product data is only loaded and accessed by authorised Acxiom staff in a locked and secure environment. All media containing product data are stored in a locked and secure environment and all product data and media are returned to the supplying company or destroyed at the expiration or termination of the relevant agreement or applicable retention period.
Data and System Security:
Logical security of the product data contained within our data centre is protected by multiple layers and techniques that conform to security industry standards and guidelines such as the combination of unique terminal identifiers and passwords.
Document Security and Confidentiality
: Acxiom associates are instructed to ensure that their working areas are left clear with all working information locked away at the end of each business day and when away from their normal place of work for any significant period during the working day.
Data Back-up
: Acxiom backs up all disk system files to the appropriate tape media on daily, weekly, or monthly cycles, according to available processing schedules and periods. One or more generations of a back-up cycle are retained and either stored in an alternate building or moved and stored at a secure offsite location.
Building and Personnel Security
: All Acxiom buildings have a security guard on duty 24 hours a day and access is only granted to personnel displaying a valid security badge. Visitors must identify themselves and sign in before being escorted into an Acxiom facility.
Security Officer
: Acxiom has a designated member of staff responsible for all aspects of security. Their function is to ensure that all Acxiom staff are aware of security responsibilities, that procedures are being followed and to carry out periodic audits and compliance spot checks on adherence to security procedures.
Business Partner Security
: We expect recipients of our data to have in place similar security measures, and we carry out checks to assess their suitability and put in place adequate contractual safeguards before any data is shared with them.
Other Information
We take great care to handle all data in accordance with applicable law and to ensure that it is never used in ways that unduly prejudice individuals’ interests. Users of our data are prohibited by contractual restrictions from using our data in a way which discriminates unfairly against individuals or produces legal or similar effects.
Individuals wishing to contact us may do so by writing to us at Consumer Services Department, Acxiom Limited, 16 Old Bailey, London, EC4M 7EG or by emailing us at ukconsumerservices@acxiom.com.
Transfer of Assets
As Acxiom develops its business, there may be a change of control of Acxiom or divisions, subsidiaries, affiliates or portions of Acxiom. In this situation, data is typically considered a transferable asset. Also, in the event that Acxiom or a part of its divisions, affiliates or subsidiaries are purchased, product data will be one of the transferred assets.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Acxiom reserves the right to update and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to take into account legislative and other developments. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page and contain an “effective date” reflecting when the last changes occurred.
Effective date: 14
th
February 2025
Fill out the form or call
020 7526 5100
*
*
First Name
*
Surname
*
Email
*
Phone
*
Company
*
Job Title
Select...
United Kingdom
United States
Australia
China
France
Germany
New Zealand
Poland
Portugal
Netherlands
Canada
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Korea (Republic of)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (The Former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory (Occupied)
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
British Virgin Islands
U.S. Virgin Islands
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*
Country/Region of Residence
Select Industry
Automotive
Business Services/Agency
Communications
Consumer Packaged Goods
Energy and Utilities
Financial Services
Government
Healthcare
Insurance
Media and Publishers
Non-Profit
Other
Real Estate
Retail
Sports, Entertainment & Gaming
Technology
Travel and Hospitality
*
Industry:
Select a Primary Interest
Services
Data
HR/Careers
Partner Request
Privacy Consumer Care
Media Enquiries
Other
*
Primary Interest
*
How Can We Help?
*
I want to receive email marketing communications from Acxiom.
Contact Me
These resources are for corporate entities only and Acxiom may contact you regarding your interest. We will use your personal data for marketing purposes. For our privacy policy and options to opt out,
click here
. For our Email Preference Centre click
here
. If you are a partnership or sole trader, please contact
ukenquiries@acxiom.com
.
This site uses cookies to store information. Press accesskey C to learn more about your options.
Cookie Control Icon
Close
Cookie Control Close Icon
This site uses cookies
Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.
Our Recommended Settings are:
Statistics:
ON
Marketing:
ON
Advertising:
ON
Social:
ON
Please refer to the descriptions below for further details on each category.
Your cookie preferences can be edited at any time by clicking the icon in the bottom right of your browser.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Control Link Icon
Accept Recommended Settings
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies enable core functionality. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Performance
On
Off
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. Tracks user activity across our websites, helping us present more relevant and targeted marketing activity to you.
Acxiom Marketing
On
Off
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. We and our advertising partners use cookies on this website to improve the experience of your visit and provide you with personalised advertising from this website and other advertisers in AdRoll's network.
Advertising Partners
On
Off
These cookies enable visitors to share our content with their friends and social networks. They may track activities across websites to build a user profile to offer more relevant content on other sites visited.
Social
On
Off
About this tool
Cookie Control Link Icon
Sub-policy 4
https://www.lotame.com/privacy-and-data-protection/:
X
BREAKING NEWS
Publicis Groupe Acquires Lotame
Expanded Global Identity Footprint
Read Release
X
Careers
Request a Demo
Solutions
Spherical Platform
Curation
Data Marketplace Sellers
Data Marketplace Buyers
Panorama Identity
Connected TV
Clients
Marketers & Agencies
Publishers & Media Companies
Data Sellers
Platforms
Partner Connections
Resources
Case Studies
Strategy & Education
Company Updates
Press Releases
About Lotame
About Us
Contact Us
Team
Events
Careers
Legal
Services Agreements
Policies
EU Consent & Signaling Policy
Definitions
Privacy
Privacy Principles
Data Processing Agreements
DPA – MSA
DPA – Incoming Data
DPA – Outgoing Data
DPA – Spherical Data Buyer
DPA – Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
Privacy Notices
Corporate Privacy Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Privacy Manager
Transfer Impact Assessment Info
Technical & Organizational Measures
Careers
Request a Demo
Home
»
Privacy
»
Data Processing Agreement
Data Processing Agreements
To assist our business customers and data partners in meeting ours and their obligations under applicable data protection and privacy laws we have created Data Processing Agreements (DPA) and DPA Schedules for our agreements that are written based on how the Lotame platform operates to state the roles, responsibilities, and obligations of how we and you, our business customers and data partners, will comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Lotame continuously monitors the global privacy landscape and adapts our DPAs and DPA Schedules accordingly to ensure that you and we can meet our obligations under applicable data protection and privacy laws.
The DPA is incorporated by reference into the agreement covering your relationship with Lotame; however, if you wish to review the DPA and DPA Schedules, require a signed copy of the DPA, or if you have signed an earlier version of our DPA and need to sign our current DPA, instructions on how to review and sign the DPA are included on the following pages:
DPA and DPA Schedules for Lotame Master Services Agreement
DPA and DPA Schedules for Incoming Data License Agreement
DPA and DPA Schedules for Outgoing Data License Agreement
DPA and DPA Schedules for Spherical Data Buyer Managed Service Agreement
DPA and DPA Schedules for Lotame Panorama ID Enrollment Terms
(for Prebid and Amazon CxM users only)
Frequently Asked Questions
These responses to frequently asked questions are for informational purposes only and do not create any contractual commitments. The responsibilities and liabilities of Lotame to its customers are governed by our agreements, and these FAQs are not part of, nor does it modify, any agreement a party may have with Lotame.
Can my company use its own DPA?
Lotame is unable to work from your company’s template DPA.
As a multi-tenant technology platform, Lotame processes the personal data we receive from all of our business customers and data partners in the same way. As such, we are unable to change the Lotame platform to operationalize individual specific requirements that may be included in your company’s template DPA.
We have drafted our DPAs to reflect the roles, responsibilities, and obligations of how both of us will comply with requirements and obligations in data protection and privacy laws based on how the Lotame platform operates – unless specific language is required to be included in a written agreement by a law or court decision, our DPAs do not restate the responsibilities and obligations that are already stated in data protection and privacy laws because our agreements and our DPAs already require you and us to comply with ALL applicable laws.
Additionally, we continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our DPA and DPA Schedules to reflect changes to data protection and privacy laws, and will notify you if a change to the DPA or DPA Schedule is necessary.
What are Lotame’s roles under various applicable Data Protection and Privacy Laws?
Please visit this
summary
of roles under various data protection and privacy laws. Please note that this is only a summary and the actual roles between you and Lotame may vary based on the Lotame services that you have subscribed to as listed in your agreement with us.
Does Lotame use subcontractors or processors?
Yes. The list of Lotame’s subcontractors/processors can be viewed by visiting
Subcontractors and Processors
. Business customers and data partners may object to the use of a new subcontractor/processor to process the personal data provided to Lotame in accordance with the procedure set out in our DPA. We will notify of any changes to our subcontractors/processors as stated in the DPA.
Where can I find information about Lotame’s technical and organizational measures to safeguard Personal Data?
Information about Lotame’s technical and organizational measures to safeguard the processing of Personal Data can be viewed by visiting
Technical and Organizational Measures
.
Where can I find information to complete a transfer impact assessment?
Information to help you conduct a data transfer impact assessment in connection with your use of our Services can be viewed by visiting
Transfer Impact Assessment Information
.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.onaudience.com/privacy-policy:
Your choice regarding cookies on this site
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used. For the full details please see our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept
Reject
Cookie Preferences
Privacy Policy
§ I. GENERAL INFORMATION
We are committed to respect and protect your privacy. In this Privacy Policy, the terms “OnAudience Ltd” and “we”, “us” and “our” refer to OnAudience Ltd with its registered office in London (address: 1st Floor, Ealing Cross, 85 Uxbridge Road, Ealing, London W5 5TH, Companies House number 10308972), a subsidiary of Cloud Technologies S.A.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and share information about you (the “User”) that we obtain through your use of our website: www.onaudience.com (the “Website”).
Whenever necessary you can contact us traditionally by writing to the address of our headquarter (indicated in point 1) above), by e-mail: hello@onaudience.com and by phone: 00 44 20 3936 4267.
In any case related to processing of data as described in this Privacy Policy please contact our data protection officer. Our data protection officer’s contact details are: privacy@onaudience.com.
The Website may contain links that allow the User to directly access other websites. OnAudience has no influence over the privacy policies of these websites or over the use of cookies by the administrators of the above websites.
§ II. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The company indicated in point I.1 is the controller of the Website and of the User’s personal data provided in connection with the use of the Website.
Information on the use of the Website by the User and his / her IP address is automatically collected as the User browses the content of the Website and is based on an analysis of access logs, e.g. browser type, operating system type, date and time of visits, number of connections, content reviewed, etc.
The act of simply browsing the content of the Website does not require the User to provide any personal data.
The use of certain functionalities of the Website may be preceded by a registration process where the User provides his / her personal data. In this case, the User’s failure to provide personal data may restrict him / her from using some of the Website’s functionalities.
§ III. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
The User may be asked to provide the following personal data: first name, last name, e-mail address.
We process personal data that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (“notification data”). The notification data is processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
We process data contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. The correspondence data are processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that User is provided with clear and comprehensive information about, and gives consent to, the storing and accessing of cookies and other information on the end user’s device where such activity occurs and where providing such information and obtaining such consent is required by law.
We do not collect, use and process sensitive personal data (such as data about religion, political opinion, health etc.).
No personal data shall be transferred by us to any third parties except for the companies that provide services to us, such as accountants, lawyers, advisory companies, IT vendors under respective data processing agreements.
The Company may share the data collected with third parties
Synerise
EmailLabs
Google Analitycs
Hotjar
Pipedrive
Calendly
We may share the data collected within the capital group including Cloud Technologies, Online Advertising Network, OnProspects, The Linea1 MKT S.L.
Should the relationship with one of our partners involve cross-border data transfers outside the European Union, our partner shall formally undertake to comply with the best data protection standards by adhering without any restrictions or limitations to the Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors established in third countries under Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
Websites are not designed for children under the age of sixteen and are not intended for them. This Policy does not provide for deliberate data collection on children under the age of sixteen.
Please be informed that on the basis of applicable law, we may be required by the authorities to disclose data, including the IP address of the User.
We will retain the personal data you provided while filling out the contact form or when subscribing to the newsletter for a minimum period of 12 months following your contact or subscription.
§ IV. YOUR RIGHTS
Under data protection law and “GDPR” you have the right to:
aaccess your personal data and receive a copy thereof, i.e. obtain information on whether we process your personal data and specific information about any such processing;
rectify (amend) your personal data, i.e. request to amend inaccurate personal data;
erase your personal data, provided that one of relevant grounds for such actions apply;
restrict the processing of your personal data, provided that one of relevant grounds for such actions apply;
object to data processing;
data portability, i.e. receive the data you provided us with in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and, if necessary, request transmission of those data to another controller;
complain to a supervisory authority;
withdraw consent.
Based on your personal data, we will not take automated decisions with you, including decisions resulting from profiling.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us as indicated in point 1.3 and 1.4.
§ V. COOKIE FILES
Our Website uses cookie files, i.e. small text-numeric files, which are saved on your computer, telephone or other device from which you access the Website. Cookie files are saved while browsing the Website and allow for later identification of the User when reconnecting to the Website from the device (e.g. computer, telephone) on which they were saved.
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website. We and our partners use cookies to help us and our partners to display advertisements that will be relevant to you.
Cookie files:
collect data regarding your use of the Website, and their main purpose is to facilitate the use of the Website and customize the Website to your needs and expectations;
are placed on the User’s end device and may also be used by advertisers and partners cooperating with us;
do not store information constituting personal data of the User (stored information is the following: user’s ID, timestamp, anonymized geolocation);
are not used to determine the identity of the User;
are used on the Website, based on the acceptance of recommended settings of the Website User expressed through appropriate software settings, in particular through a web browser.
You may at any time revoke or change the scope of any previously expressed consent to use cookie files on the Website and delete them from your browser.
You may also at any time limit or disable cookie files in your browser through the settings. In this case, however, your use of the Website may be less efficient, you may not have access to certain content or be able to use some of the Website’s functionalities, and in extreme cases the correct display of the Website pages may be completely blocked.
We will retain cookie files for a period of 12 months, we are not able to give the retention period concerning our partners, so please consider checking their privacy policy.
We use the following types of cookies:
Essential cookies: These are the cookies necessary to enable the user to navigate and use their functions. These types of cookies do not collect any information about the user that could be used for marketing purposes, nor do they remember sites visited by the user on the Internet.
Performance cookies: These are cookies that collect information about how the user uses websites, for example which pages are most frequently visited. They do not collect user identification information. All information collected is anonymous. Their task is to improve the efficiency of websites.
Functional cookies: these are cookies that remember choices made by the user (such as username, language preferences or region of origin).
Cookies for targeting advertisements: These third-party cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that are relevant to you and your interest
The Website uses buttons for Facebook and Linkedin social networks. When you activate the button, social networks receive information about visiting the Website. In addition, information such as the IP address, data about the browser and language settings can be sent. If you click the social media button, you will be taken to social media networks and all information will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy.
§ VI. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The Website is protected by security measures aimed at the protection of personal data processed by OnAudience against their modification, destruction, unauthorized access and disclosure or acquisition or loss, as well as against processing in violation of the provisions governing the processing of personal data.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Statistics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Preference Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
This website uses cookies
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
more information
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Sub-policy 7
https://policy.pinterest.com/ms/privacy-policy-2016:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 8
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/page/eea/privacy-policy/en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.