Overview
Updated: 12/15/2023
Traeger Pellet Grills LLC (“Traeger”, “we”, “us”, “our”) is committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) explains how we collect and use your personal information when you use our websites, applications, and WiFIRE enabled products and services (collectively the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to any personal information you or any entity on your behalf provides to us, or that we collect through our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information according to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
While visiting our websites and applications we may collect the following personal information from you:
Internet Data:
IP address, device ID, browser type, domain name, browsing history, operating system, website interactions, Cookies, and referring website addresses.
Geolocation Data:
IP address and precise geo-location. Traeger does not use geo-location information to identify personal characteristics about you.
Additionally, when you create an account or use our WiFIRE enabled products and services, we may collect the following additional personal information from you:
Personal Identifiers:
Full name, email address, phone number, physical address, mailing address, date of birth, and social media handles.
Commercial Information:
Purchase history, order information, repair and warranty information, grill number and UUID, cook data (including cook time, temperature, and grill errors), recipe interactions, reviews, user preferences, customer service communications, group affiliations (military, first responder, veteran, etc.), and payment information.
Inferences:
Customers or consumers' recipe and marketing preferences, social network profiles and inferences from those profiles.
This information may be collected from you in the following ways.
Interactions with Our Websites & Applications:
You provide us with personal information when you create or login to your account via our websites or applications. Additionally, we may automatically collect data based on how you use our websites and applications utilizing Cookies and similar technologies depending on your Cookie preferences.
Direct Communications with Us:
You provide us with personal information when you contact us or our customer service representatives through email, phone, or social media, leave a review on our website or respond to a survey.
WiFIRE Products:
Use of the Trager App and Traeger WiFIRE Products offer additional performance capabilities which include allowing you to control many features on your Traeger WiFIRE Grill from a single mobile phone or other supported device paired to your grill.  You can use a Traeger WiFIRE Grill without connecting it to the Internet.  In that case, a Traeger WiFIRE Grill does not send any information to Traeger or its service providers, though we may obtain information directly from your Traeger WiFIRE Grill if you return it to us or our dealers, including to provide warranty and other services.  However, if you choose to connect your Traeger WiFIRE Grill to the App or to the Internet, we may collect a range of technical, usage and diagnostic information from your use of the Traeger WiFIRE Grill.  For example, we track how you use and control your Traeger WiFIRE Grill during each session and over time (such as temperature, cooking mode, use of the temperature probe and use of other features and accessories) and also collect and analyze technical and diagnostic metrics related to the grill’s use (such as the status and condition of moving and other grill components and the alignment of actual and target grill temperature).
Other Sources:
Information which we receive from other sources such as social media platforms and third-party providers.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to your computer or other electronic device to uniquely identify your browser. When you use the Services, we may place one or more Cookies or similar tracking technologies such as pixel tags/web beacons and social media widgets (collectively “Cookies”) on your computer or other electronic device. Traeger’s third-party ad servers, ad network providers, and third-party advertisers may also use Cookies to provide you with advertisements that you may see on the Services or on other affiliated websites. We have broken up our Cookies into categories to help you understand what they do.
Essential:
These Cookies are required to use our Services. For example, they are necessary to access our website and login to your account.
Analytics:
These Cookies help us understand how our website performs, how you interact with our website, and identify technical issues. We use this information to make improvements to our user experience.
Personalization:
These Cookies allow us to remember choices you make (such as your username, language, or the region you are in) and provide an enhanced, more personalized website experience.
Marketing:
These Cookies help us deliver advertising that is relevant to you and your interests. For example, third parties may use Cookies to deliver advertisements to you based on your visit to Traeger’s websites and use of our Services.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We currently do not respond to browser “do not track” signals. However, we do recognize the “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) signal which allows you to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising on Traeger.com. If you visit our website with a browser transmitting GPC, we will not share for targeted advertising or sell your personal information associated with your visit. If you visit our website using a browser that does not transmit GPC or using a browser or device that you have not associated with an opt-out preference, click the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link in the footer of our website to register your opt-out preference. For more information about our use of Cookies, please click on the “Cookie Policies & Preferences” link in the footer of our website.
Aggregate & Anonymized Data
We may anonymize or aggregate your personal information so that the information can no longer identify you, directly or indirectly. We may use anonymized or aggregated data for any legitimate purposes in accordance with applicable law, including to understand our customers and to evaluate, improve, and develop our products and services.
Use of Personal Information
Traeger uses the personal information collected from you for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to the following:
To provide you with the Services;
To operate our business, which includes, without limitation, using your information (i) to process transactions and fulfill orders, (ii) to manage and enforce contracts with you or with third parties, and (iii) to manage our corporate governance, compliance, and auditing practices;
For internal marketing purposes including the administration of contests and promotions;
To provide you with customer support, warranty, and other troubleshooting services;
To monitor, analyze, improve, and develop our Services and to create and test new Service features;
To provide a more customized user experience;
To provide you with product updates and upgrades;
To prevent, identify and address fraudulent or other illegal activity and security issues;
To comply with laws, rules, and regulations; and
For any other purpose for which you expressly authorize us to use your information.
Legal Basis for Processing
Some jurisdictions require us to disclose the legal basis on which we rely to process personal information. To the extent those laws apply, our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. Our legal basis may include one of the following:
Legitimate Business Interest: We may handle personal information to provide you with the Services and accomplish our legitimate business purposes.
Consent: We may handle personal information based on your consent.
Contractual Obligations: We may handle personal information to meet our contractual obligations with you.
Legal Obligation: We may handle personal information to comply with applicable state, federal, and international laws, and regulations.
Links to Other Websites
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be directed to their site. We have no control over these third-party websites or applications and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Data Sharing with Third Parties
Traeger does not sell or share personal information to any third parties in exchange for money.
We may share your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers, business partners, and other third-party processors to assist us in operating our business and providing Services to you. We may also disclose your information with third parties when necessary to comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, enforce or investigate a potential violation of our Terms and Conditions, exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, support auditing and compliance functions, protect the rights, property, or safety of Traeger, its users, or the public against harm, facilitate the financing or insuring of our business, complete a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of our business or assets, or as otherwise permitted or required by law.
Interest-Based Advertising
We work with digital advertising, marketing, and social media companies, including Google and Facebook, to provide you with ads that meet your interests and that enhance your experience with us and with select third party advertisers. These ads may be displayed on websites or device applications operated by us or third parties, and they may be based on information about your activities or preferences collected by us or third parties. Please follow the links below to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Google and other similar third-party advertisers:
Digital Advertising Alliance opt out
Network Advertising Initiative opt out
You can also configure your mobile device privacy or advertising settings via “limit ad tracking” on an iOS device or “opt out of interest-based ads” on an Android device to limit how apps track activity for advertising purposes.
Please note that the advertising preferences you select are generally browser and device specific. If you clear your cookies or your browser’s cache or utilize another electronic device, you will need to set your preferences again. If you choose to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising, you may still see general audience advertising regarding our products and services.
Data Security & Retention
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards reasonably necessary to ensure the protection of your personal information against loss, misuse, disclosure, and alteration. Our websites and applications utilize various information security measures such as internet firewalls, an intrusion detection system, encrypted data transmission, and operating procedures to protect your personal information.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through our websites and applications cannot be guaranteed. Please do your part in protecting your personal information against unauthorized use. Keep your user account password safe and confidential and be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer or device.
By using our Services or otherwise providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our websites, products, and services. If we learn of a security breach involving your personal information, we may attempt to notify you electronically by sending an email to you. To withdraw your consent to receive electronic notice of a data breach, please email us at
privacy@traeger.com
.
Traeger will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise required by contract or law. Anonymous and aggregated information may be stored indefinitely.
International Transfers
Traeger is headquartered in the United States. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, merchants, or service providers elsewhere in the world. We may transfer your personal information to other countries outside of the United States for the purposes describe in this Privacy Policy. We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place. If you are in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, your personal information will only be transferred to countries outside of the EEA or UK if there is a data sharing agreement in place between the parties that incorporates the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses.
Children’s Privacy
Traeger does not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 16. If you use our Services, you represent that you are at least the age of majority under the laws of the jurisdiction of your place of residence. If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please alert us at
privacy@traeger.com
. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a minor, we will promptly take steps to delete such information from our systems.
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of certain states or countries, you may have the right to:
Obtain information regarding the collection, processing, and sharing of your personal information;
Access the personal information we have obtained about you, if any;
Transfer your personal information to a third party;
Correct your personal information;
Delete your personal information;
Object to, restrict, or opt out of use of your personal information for certain purposes;
Opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties; and/or
Lodge a complaint with a supervising government authority.
To submit a privacy request, please fill out our privacy request form found
here
. To opt-out of certain types of processing, click on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of our website. You may also contact us at
privacy@traeger.com
. Additionally, our website recognizes the “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) signal which allows you to opt out of the sale and sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising on Traeger.com.
Any privacy request you submit to us is subject to an identification and verification process. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify personal information that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your applicable privacy requests. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within 30-45 days. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated on our progress. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise these privacy rights.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request. We may also require you to directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. There may be situations where we cannot grant your request. In such a situation, we will explain our reasoning to you and will honor your right to appeal when applicable.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email and/or by posting a prominent notice on our homepages. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of our Services after such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Traeger Pellet Grills LLC
Attn: Legal Department
533 South 400 West Salt Lake City, UT 84101
privacy@traeger.com