Keiser.com Corporation Privacy Policy
Effective date of current policy: March 29, 2022
1.0 PURPOSE
Keiser Corporation together with our affiliates (“Keiser”, “we”, “our” or “us”) operates Keiser.com, TheRide.Keiser.com, KeiserUK.com and education.keiser.com websites and application software Keiser Metrics, Keiser M Series, Keiser M Series Group, Keiser M Series Instructor, The Ride and Keiser M Series Converter (collectively as “Keiser Services” or “Services”) and have adopted this Privacy Policy to let you know how we treat the information that we collect from you online and offline, the kinds of information we may collect, how that information is used, with whom we share it and how you can opt-out of a use or correct or change such information. This Privacy Policy supplements and forms a part of the Keiser
Terms of Service
(the “Terms”). Capitalized terms not defined in Section 14 or otherwise in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms.
Please note that by using Keiser equipment, services or website, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use Keiser services, the website or submit personal information to us in any manner.
2.0 SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that is Processed by Keiser in the course of our business, including via the Keiser.com, the interfaces on devices connected to Keiser fitness equipment such as the Keiser Indoor Bike and strength equipment, and through our, Apps, forums, social media accounts, blogs, studios, retail showroom, and other online or offline offerings (together with any and all future online and offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Keiser and the Services). All individuals whose responsibilities include the Processing of Personal Information on behalf of Keiser are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Privacy Policy.
Residents of California should be aware that California law affords them certain rights regarding their Personal Information. Residents of California should review the “
California Privacy Notice
” that supplements and forms a part of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information of Keiser employees Processed in the employment context, but employees who elect to use the Services will be treated as users in accordance with this Privacy Policy with respect to Personal Information Processed as users of our Service.
3.0 WHAT KIND OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from third party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Keiser and the requirements of applicable law. The subsequent list of uses and/or processes provides the legal basis for processing personal data under the GDPR. Some of the ways that Keiser may collect Personal Information include:
Connected to the sale (payments, orders, deliveries), including the pre-and post-sale services provided by Keiser.
You may provide Personal Information directly to Keiser through interacting with the Services (including when you use our fitness equipment during live in-studio classes or via our subscription services), participating in surveys, during special events, or promotions or sweepstakes, and requesting services or information.
As you navigate the Services, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through cookies and similar technologies as described below.
It is our goal to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
3.1 TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Keiser collects Personal Information from its current, prospective, and former customers, members, users, visitors, and guests (collectively “Individuals”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us. When you use the Services, contact us directly, or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with Keiser, purchasing Keiser products or Services from us, using our fitness equipment or participating in a studio class live or via our subscription services, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information.
Purchases. When you choose to purchase Keiser products or Services from us including fitness equipment and accessories, live in-studio classes or subscription services offered through any device, we may collect information from you including Personal Information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, payment information, such as a credit card number and/or other related information that may be required from you to complete your purchase (such payment information, “Financial Information.”) Unless we tell you otherwise at the time of your purchase or application for financing, your Financial Information is processed by our third party processors and we do not collect, store or maintain your Financial Information. For more information on how your information is shared in these instances, please see Section 4.5 (“Third-Party Payment Processing”) below. We will also collect a username and password in connection with any account created via the Services.
Public User Profiles. When you use Keiser fitness equipment or subscribe to Keiser online, you may be given the opportunity to create a “User Profile” and when you do so we may ask you to provide information about yourself such as a username, email address, weight, height, age, location, birthday, phone number and image or avatar. Only your email address and username are required to set up a User Profile; the rest of the information that you may provide is optional.
Once your User Profile is created, anytime you log in to participate in a class in-person or via one of our subscription services, we may collect additional information and add it to your User Profile, such as the total number of classes taken, the dates you took those classes, fitness performance history (including leaderboard rank, total output, speed, power, repetitions, activity, distance and calories burned), your followers and who you are following, and, to the extent you have worn a heart rate monitor that you have connected to your fitness equipment, information about your heart rate over the course of the class and any other information that may be available from time to time. You acknowledge that your User Profile information may be personal to you, and by creating an account and providing such information through the use of our Services, you allow others, including Keiser, to identify you and therefore you may not be anonymous. Keiser User Profiles may be set to public by default, which means that other registered Keiser users will also be able to view your User Profile. You have the option to set your profile to “Private.”
Voice, Likeness and Biometrics. We may capture your visual image, fingerprint, likeness and voice recording (e.g., via photographs and/or video) if you visit our showrooms, interact with our strength or cardio equipment, participate in our classes and/or call our member support or inside sales teams. We record and store member support and sales calls to train support and sales agents to help resolve member questions, for quality purposes and as required by law. Additionally, Keiser fitness equipment and the Keiser App may contain camera, microphone and voice control features. These features are in use only when activated by you.
Other User Information. Keiser may also collect other information from you as a result of your use of the Services, such as online studio attendance history, purchase history, fitness and health-related information. We may associate this information with other Personal Information that you have provided in order to improve and provide the Services and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Communications with Us. We may collect Personal Information from you, such as your email address, phone number or mailing address, when you choose to request information about our Services, register to receive Keiser communications over email or text messaging, participate in promotions, or loyalty programs that we may offer from time to time, request to receive member or technical support or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys and Reviews. From time to time, we (or third parties acting on our behalf) may contact you to participate in research, surveys or beta testing, and/or to provide reviews and testimonials. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our research, surveys, reviews or testimonial process, or beta testing is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, our website and/or Services, in any manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Posting on the Keiser or Third Party Services. Keiser may offer publicly accessible blogs, social media pages, product review pages, private messages, video chat or community forums. You should be aware that when you disclose information about yourself on Keiser’s blogs, social media pages, product review pages, private messages, community forums, and within video chat sessions, Keiser will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information. If you choose to submit content, including reviews, to any public area of the Services or on any public sites operated by third parties, such content will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections provided in this Privacy Policy.
Location Information. Based on your interaction with the Services, the type of device you use to access the Services, and your device’s connectivity, we may collect location-based information including: your Internet protocol (IP) address, GPS location, longitude/ latitude, city, county, zip code and region, your location and your smart device’s proximity to Bluetooth networks and/or other proximity systems. We may use this type of information to enhance your user experience and to better understand your interaction with our products and services or to enable you to track your outdoor fitness activities. Unless you provide us with your consent to do otherwise, this information will only be used by us and our third party service providers to provide you with the Services you request or in an aggregated and anonymized format that does not identify you. If you no longer wish to have this location information collected and used by us, you may opt-out by disabling the location and Bluetooth features in the operating system of your device.
Automatic Data Collection. We may collect certain information automatically through our Services or other methods of web analysis, such as your IP address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising identifiers, MAC address, IMEI, Advertiser ID, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, browser type and language, geo-location information, hardware type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences. For more information on Automatic Data Collection, please see Section 4.3.
Information Submitted Via Services. You agree that Keiser is free to use the content of any communications submitted by you via the Services, including any ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques, or know-how disclosed as part of that content, for any purpose including developing, manufacturing and/or marketing goods or Services. Keiser will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless:you grant us permission to do so;
we first send notice to you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of the Services will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or
we are required to do so by law.
Information from Other Sources. We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations, to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third party application, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play App Store or social media sites such as Facebook, we may collect information about you from that third party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through App Stores or social media accounts may include your name, your social media site user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture and your social media contacts. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Keiser and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products and Services.
3.2 HOW KEISER USES YOUR INFORMATION
To Provide Products, Services or Information Requested. Keiser may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, Services or information, including information about potential or future services, including to:
Generally manage Individual information and accounts;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Keiser’s Services;
Assist with monitoring your performance, fitness and health-related statistics and usage trends;
Personalize exercise and activity goals for you based on your historical exercise or activity data;
Communicate with you about logistical matters, including product deliveries and product servicing visits;
Provide services to you;
Perform contracts with you;
Review and contact you to answer requests for member support or technical support; and
Allow you to register for classes and events.
Administrative Purposes. Keiser may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Quality control for products and services;
Track and measure interest in Keiser’s Services;
Develop new Services and products;
Verify personal identity;
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on Keiser’s Services and systems, and, at Keiser’s discretion, changes to any Keiser policy;
Process payment(s) for products or services purchased;
Send emails or text messages to the email address or telephone number you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Maintain and administer our Services; and
Enforce our Terms.
Marketing Keiser Products and Services. Keiser may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products and Services that may be of interest, including new content or services. Keiser may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, text or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:
To tailor content, advertisements and offers;
To notify you about offers, products and services that may be of interest to you or about which you have previously expressed an interest;
To provide Services to you;
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information;
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.
Research and Development. Keiser may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us improve our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services. From time to time, Keiser may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing. Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from third parties, may, as permitted by law, receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, text messages or phone calls from us with information on Keiser’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events that we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Services via Apps and other Devices. Keiser may provide Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on third party devices, such as mobile phones, smart TVs, and tablets. Keiser will collect certain information that your device sends when you use such Services, like a device identifier, user settings, location information, carrier and the operating system of your device. These versions of Keiser’s Services may require that users log in with an account. In such cases, information about use of these versions of the Services may be associated with accounts. In addition, Keiser may enable you to download an application, widget or other tool that can be used on mobile, tablet or other devices. Some of these tools may store information on your devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to Keiser to enable you to access accounts and to enable Keiser to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to export reports and other information from the tool. Keiser may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Keiser to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or in other notices Keiser provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information Use. Keiser may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access Keiser’s Services or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Keiser may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics and for any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Keiser and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues. Keiser’s Services may offer various tools and functionalities. Email addresses that you provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be used by Keiser for any other purpose.
Other Uses. Keiser may use Personal Information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as fraud protection or compliance with legal obligations, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
3.3 COOKIES, PIXEL TAGS/WEB BEACONS, ANALYTICS INFORMATION, AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
Keiser, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other devices that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our website, services, applications, messaging and tools, and to recognize you across devices.
Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Site may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. Among other things, a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Social Media Widgets. The website includes social media features such as links to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube and LinkedIn (that may include widgets, such as, the share of buttons or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the website and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics. We may also use third-party Service Providers to collect, monitor and analyze the use of our Service. They may include:
Google Analytics: Google Analytics may be used to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services and to develop website content. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Amplitude, a web analysis service provided by Amplitude, Inc., used to evaluate user access and to maintain and improve the Service. Amplitude’s privacy policy can be found here:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Hubspot: Hubspot is our Customer Relationship Management system. We implement Hubspot’s tracking code which uses cookies or similar technologies to track visitors. We use the information gathered to improve our website functionality, the user experience and to tailor our content. The HubSpot Acceptable Use Policy applies to our website and prohibits the use of our website to send unsolicited commercial emails in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service to have an “opt-out” mechanism. As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information to send you emails about the interests you’ve expressed, to check in on customer satisfaction, and contact you to ensure our records are correct. Hubspot is also our third-party email service provider. We use Hubspot to gather email performance data using industry-standard technologies in order to help us monitor and improve our email service. You can unsubscribe to any email newsletter by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. You can view the Hubspot Privacy Policy by visiting:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Performance Related. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Sites, applications, Services and tools, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our Site, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our website content, applications, services or tools;
Sentry: We use Sentry, to monitor the performance of our server and track errors. Sentry's privacy policy can be found here:
https://sentry.io/privacy/
. Sentry is a US-based company. Transfer of data to the US is made in compliance with EU law under Standard Contractual Clauses. For more information see:
https://sentry.io/legal/dpa/
Operationally Necessary. We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Sites, Services, applications, and tools. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Sites, Services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security; or that allow you to make use of functions such as shopping carts, saved searches or similar functions;
Functionality Related. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Sites, Services, applications or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Sites or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Sites;
Advertising or Targeting Related. We may use first-party or third party cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Sites or on third party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that has been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement. They may include:
Google Ads: Google Ads remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/ settings/ads
;
Facebook: Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc. You may can control and opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
ShareASale: ShareASale is a part of Awin. We use ShareASale to track signup commissions for our affiliate program. ShareASale's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.awin.com/us/privacy
.
Microsoft Advertising: Microsoft Advertising services are provided by Microsoft Corporation. You can opt-out of and customize your privacy settings for Microsoft Advertising by visiting the Privacy Settings page:
https://account.microsoft.com/account/privacy
;
LinkedIn: LinkedIn is a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation. You can opt-out of and customize your privacy settings with LinkedIn by visiting their Privacy Policy page:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
ZoomInfo: ZoomInfo services are provided by ZoomInfo Technologies LLC. You can learn more and control your privacy settings by visiting their Trust Center:
https://www.zoominfo.com/trust-center
If you would like to opt-out of the Technologies we employ on our Sites, Services, applications or tools, you may do so by blocking, deleting or disabling them as your browser or device permits. See Section 6 for additional opt-out options. Please note that blocking, deleting, or disabling these Technologies will affect the functionality of our Sites, Services, applications and tools, and may prevent you from being able to access certain features.
3.4 THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS, AND APPLICATION PROGRAMING INTERFACE
The Service may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to the Keiser Sites or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Keiser does not endorse or make any representations about third party websites or social media platforms. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application with which you interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting other websites or applications is at your own risk.
Keiser’s Services may include publicly accessible blogs, community forums, message boards, private messaging or video chat features. The Services may also contain links and interactive features with various social media or music platforms (e.g., widgets). If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your device when using the Services. You should be aware that Personal Information that you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, video chat session, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum, may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when you interact with a third party platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
We exchange information through the use of Application Programing Interfaces (APIs), with services such as Zwift, TrainerRoad and BKool, Google, Facebook, and others, through secured APIs. All data shared in this manner is an opt-in only function, we do not share personal information with any of these platforms without the user granting permission to share. All of these services use a technology called OAuth, which allows the date flow to be discontinued from either side of the connection (from the Keiser side, or the third party side of the exchange). As part of the API functionality of our Services, Keiser fitness equipment may use wireless data transfer capabilities such as Bluetooth to facilitate pairing to devices using these APIs and other wearable devices. If you choose to link your Keiser account with such applications, you can decide to share the health information we collect about you while you use the Services, including, but not limited to, your heart rate, calories, cycling, walking and running distances, time spent working out, and the list of your Keiser workouts taken with such applications. If you decide to do so, you may also be able to transfer other personal information, such as your gender, date of birth, heart rate, height, weight and walking and running distances, from the health-related applications to Keiser. If you make this election, this information may be used by Keiser to update your Keiser User Profile and track your metrics in Keiser classes. You may opt-out of tracking at any time by configuring your privacy settings on such applications. We do not share information that we collect from APIs or other health-related applications with third parties for their advertising or marketing purposes. Your interactions with APIs or other health applications are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the service.
3.5 THIRD-PARTY PAYMENT PROCESSING
When you make online or in person purchases through the Services, we Process your payments through a third party payment processor. In these instances, the third party payment processor may collect certain Financial Information from you to Process a payment on behalf of Keiser, including your name, email address, address and other billing information in which case the use and storage of your Financial Information is governed by the third party payment processor terms, conditions and privacy policies. Our treatment of any Financial Information that we may Process on your behalf, or that we receive from our payment processors, is subject to this Privacy Policy. Currently, we work with Stripe, Affirm, and Klarna to process payments. For further information on Stripe’s Privacy Policy please see
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
. For further information on Affirm’s Privacy Policy please see
https://www.affirm.com/privacy
. For further information on Klarna’s Privacy Policy please see
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/
.
4.0 ONWARD TRANSFER - KEISER MAY DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
4.1 INFORMATION WE SHARE
We may share your information as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., with our third party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to enhance the Services, to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Keiser will take all commercially reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers. The types of service providers to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for:
provision of IT, analytics and related services;
provision of information and services you have requested;
payment processing;
customer service activities such as deliveries and member support; and
in connection with the provision of the Services.
Keiser’s policy is to execute appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements, and this Privacy Policy.
Business Partners. Keiser may share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. Keiser may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
Displaying to Other Users. The content you post to the Services may be displayed on the Services. Other users of the Services may be able to see some information about you, such as your name if you submit a review or provide a testimonial to our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who view and use posted information.
Marketing – Interest-Based Advertising and Third-Party Marketing. Keiser may allow third party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies) to collect information regarding your activities on our Sites (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with third party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other companies) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Keiser related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising” We may allow access to other data collected by the Site to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with third party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., as Required by Law and Similar Disclosures). We may access, preserve and disclose your Personal Information, other account information and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate:
to comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as, a court order or subpoena;
to respond to your requests;
to protect yours, ours or others’ rights, property or safety;
to enforce Keiser policies or contracts;
to collect amounts owed to Keiser;
to comply with records retention policies;
when we believe access, preservation, or disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or
if we, in good faith, believe that access, preservation, or disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes – e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order to allow them to identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. In such event, Keiser will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
4.2 INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
You agree that all Personal Information collected by Keiser may be transferred, Processed and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, Canada, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or on the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities as described above. By providing information to Keiser, you explicitly consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
5.0 RIGHT TO OBJECT TO PROCESSING (OPT-OUT)
5.1 GENERAL
You have the right to object to and opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to Keiser’s Processing of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by submitting the
Data Request Opt-out Form
.
Please note, even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Service and/or information from the advertisements on third party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes.
5.2 TELEPHONE, EMAIL, AND TEXT COMMUNICATIONS
You can unsubscribe from phone, email, and text communications at any time. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email messages you receive from us or contact us as described in Section 12. To opt-out of receiving text messages, follow the opt-out instructions in the text messages that you receive from us. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt, in accordance with applicable laws. Note: You will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding Keiser and our Services and, to the extent permitted by law, you will not be able to opt-out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
We maintain “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
5.3 MOBILE DEVICES
Keiser may occasionally send you push notifications through our Apps with updates, achievements and other notices that may be of interest to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your device. Keiser may also collect location-based information if you use our Apps. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your device.
5.4 “DO NOT TRACK”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not support or respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
5.5 COOKIES AND INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt-out of certain mobile advertisements via their device settings.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these websites to opt-out and to also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/optout.asp
,
www.youronlinechoices.eu
or
www.youradchoices.com
and
www.aboutads.info/choices.
These cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. You must separately opt-out on each device.
6.0 DATA RETENTION
Keiser retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements and comply with applicable laws. When we are no longer required to retain your Personal Information as described above, we will destroy, erase, or de-identify it in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable law. Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the Personal Information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold it.
7.0  SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take all commercially reasonable steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards (which vary depending on the sensitivity of the Personal Information) designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access of Personal Information. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. WE DO NOT ACCEPT LIABILITY FOR UNINTENTIONAL DISCLOSURE.
By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8.0  NON-U.S. USERS
By using the Services, you consent to Keiser’s transfer of your data to the United States, if it is not already located in the United States. By choosing to visit the Site, use the Services, or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will, to the extent permitted by law, be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflicts of law. Any disputes arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be handled in accordance with the dispute resolution provisions in the Terms.
If you are visiting from the European Union, UK or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and to the Processing of your data globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and Processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
9.0 CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13. In addition, you are not permitted to use our Services if you do not meet the minimum age requirement applicable to our Services in your jurisdiction. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at legal@keiser.com. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible and terminate the child’s account unless we receive verifiable parental consent.
10.0  REDRESS, COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or how to submit a complaint with the appropriate authority, please contact Keiser by email at legal@keiser.com or by mail at the below address. We will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
U.S. and Canadian Residents:
Keiser Corporation
2470 S. Cherry Avenue
Fresno, CA 92706
Attn: Legal Department
United Kingdom Residents:
Keiser UK Ltd.
Unit 3
Hampton St.,
Tetbury
Gloucester GL8 8LD
United Kingdom
Attn: Legal Department
European Union Residents:
Keiser Europe SP Z.O.O.
ul. Starodworska 1
Gdansk 80-137, PolskaAttn: Legal Department
11.0 AMENDMENTS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy will change from time to time. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you use the Services after the updated Privacy Policy is posted on the Services (as reflected in the above Effective Date). If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy, you must immediately stop using the Services.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy. We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so please review it periodically. If you continue to visit the Site and use the Services after such changes have been made, you thereby provide your consent to the changes.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Keiser may notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on its website, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice if applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, please read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information. Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is required by law or contract, Keiser will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
12.0 DEFINITIONS
The following capitalized terms have the meanings set forth below.
“Agent” means any Third-Party that Processes Personal Information pursuant to the instructions of, and solely for, Keiser or to which Keiser discloses Personal Information for use on its behalf.
“Employee” refers to any current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employee, director, contractor, worker, or retiree of Keiser or its subsidiaries worldwide.
“Personal Information” is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Individual”).
“Process” or “Processing” means any operation which is performed upon Personal Information, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction.
“Sensitive Data” or “Sensitive Personal Information” is a subset of Personal Information which, due to its nature, has been classified by law or by policy as deserving additional privacy and security protections, such as certain financial or medical information, and Personal Information regarding EU residents that is classified as a “Special Category of Personal Data” under EU law, such as:
race or ethnic origin;
political opinions;
religious or philosophical beliefs;
trade union membership;
genetic data;
biometric data where Processed to uniquely identify a person;
health information;
sexual orientation or information about the Individual’s sex life; or
information relating to the commission of a criminal offense.
“Third-Party” is any company, natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the Individual, Keiser or Keiser’s Agents.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.keiser.com/pages/california-privacy-notice:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
Keiser Cookie Consent
We use
cookies
for a number of reasons, such as keeping our site reliable, personalizing content and ads, and analyzing how our sites are used.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Affirm
5
Learn more about this provider
DUMMY_COOKIE
Necessary for the website’s payment-plan-function upon checking out.
t_v2_s
Necessary for the website’s payment-plan-function upon checking out.
SESS#
Preserves users states across page requests.
cookietest [x2]
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box.
Amazon
10
Learn more about this provider
#.#-#-#-#-#.ack [x2]
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress [x2]
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.queue [x2]
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd [x2]
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart [x2]
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Pending
Instagram
1
Learn more about this provider
csrftoken
Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
affirm.com
cloud.webtype.com
hs-analytics.net
hs-banner.com
hubspotusercontent.com
hubspotusercontent-na1.net
hubspotvideo.com
resources.keiser.com
vimeo.com
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
affirm.com
hsforms.com
resources.keiser.com
vimeo.com
zoominfo.com
6
_cfuvid [x6]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
cdn.jsdelivr.net
dev.keiser.com
3
algoliasearch-client-js [x3]
Necessary in order to optimize the website's search-bar function. The cookie ensures accurate and fast search results.
cdn1.affirm.com
www.keiser.com
www.keiseruk.com
3
CRAFT_CSRF_TOKEN [x3]
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
consent.cookiebot.com
resources.keiser.com
6
CookieConsent [x6]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
eu-library.klarnaservices.com
2
__klarna_sdk_version
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
__klarna_sdk_default-config
This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.
google.com
player.vimeo.com
4
rc::a [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::c [x2]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
keiseraksja.dataplane.rudderstack.com
www.keiser.com
www.keiseruk.com
3
debug [x3]
This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website.
www.keiser.com
2
#_commerce_cart
Pending
CraftCookieTest
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
www.keiser.com
www.keiseruk.com
3
distributor_redirect [x3]
Used to determine whether the local distributor lookup prompt has been displayed to the visitor
www.keiseruk.com
2
AWSALB
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Affirm
1
Learn more about this provider
3060738.3440491
Necessary for the website’s payment-plan-function upon checking out.
Google
11
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_dc_gtm_UA-# [x2]
Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.
_ga [x2]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_# [x2]
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat [x2]
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid [x2]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
Hotjar
5
Learn more about this provider
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Vimeo
3
Learn more about this provider
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
dd_cookie_test_#
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
1
sentryReplaySession
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp [x2]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Affirm
3
Learn more about this provider
tracker_device [x3]
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
Amazon
2
Learn more about this provider
__tld__ [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
_gcl_au [x2]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
5
Learn more about this provider
__hmpl [x2]
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Spotify
2
Learn more about this provider
sp_landing
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
sp_t
Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
YouTube
23
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Pending
YSC
Pending
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::requests
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
943
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Affirm
4
Learn more about this provider
axp-override
Pending
chameleon-profile-id
Pending
checkout_continuity_service [x2]
Pending
Amazon
9
Learn more about this provider
rl_anonymous_id
Pending
rl_group_id
Pending
rl_group_trait
Pending
rl_trait
Pending
rl_user_id
Pending
rudder_cookies [x2]
Pending
test_rudder [x2]
Pending
embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com
917
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTc2MTUwNzQ2Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTc2NzI2NTY1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTc2OTQzNjQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTc3MTcwMjE2OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTc5NDg1MTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTcwMDc0NDMyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTcwNjc4MzA4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTcxNTAwMTE5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTczNDg5MzIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE0MDg2NjQzMzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE0MjM4ODUwMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE0MTk4OTcxMjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE0NjI4NDQyNzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE0OTEyODU0NTk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1MDY3MTc3MDc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1MjA2MTkxOTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1MTMyNzAwNzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1MzA1MTMyMTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1NDg1MDk1OTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1NTY3MTI3ODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1ODUwMTA1MTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE1OTMzMjEzMzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE2Mjc4MDgyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE2MjQyNDk2NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE2NDE0Mjg3NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE2Njg1NTY4MTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE2ODM1NDIzNTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE3MjIxNDE5ODU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE3NDIxNDU0OTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE3NTc0MTAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE3ODA3MTA5ODM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MTA1MTgyMzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MTgxNTE0NDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MTkwNjI5NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MzEzMTMyMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MzIyMDU3ODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4MzM4NjM0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4NDg3OTA3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4NjY3NzU3ODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4NTc5OTAzODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4Nzk4MDYwNTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4ODc0NzE5Mzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4ODMyMDY5Nzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4OTA1OTQ1NTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE4OTc4NzAyNDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5MDcxMjU4ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5MjY5NDY0NzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5MzA5Njg4MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5NTc5OTA0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5ODc2NTU2MzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5ODQ2NTgwMDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTE5OTk2MzYwMDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwMjE2NTA5MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwMjY4NjE2NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwMTA3MTkzNTA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwMTAzMTg3Mjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwNDg0NTkwNjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwNDQ4MzExMzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEwODk0NzU2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMDQ2NjYwNjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMjM0MTUwMTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMTE0NTU5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMTYyMTQ4ODk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMzI3NDM4NTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExMzM0OTEyOTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExNTYxOTgzMjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExNzA2NDY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExNzQxMTQ1NzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExODQ5MjY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTExOTY0Nzk0NDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMDA5ODA5NjU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMDgzNjQ2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMjE2ODkzNzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMjUzNTU0NTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMzM1Nzk3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyMzY5OTU0NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNjgxMDczODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNjgxNDIzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNjQ0MzA0MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNTAzNTgxNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNzQ4NzY5MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyNzU3MzU1MDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyODA1MjAyNDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyOTM0NTg4MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEyOTM5NzI4NjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzMDU3ODAzMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzMTg2MTQ5MDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzMTM2MDAwMTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzNDgzNjQwNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzNTg3NDk5Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzNTQ3MzcyMTc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzNTYxMTkxMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTEzOTkyODM5OTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg0NzA1MzUyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg0ODU5ODA2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg1MDc3MTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg2Mjk2OTk0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg3Nzg4MDIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg5MDgyNTMxOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTg5MTMxMDI0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTgwNDc0MDg0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTI0MjIyNDQzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTI3MTYyMDQwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTI3NjM5OTAzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTI3ODk0OTYzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTI5NTA1MDEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwMTc4NDAxNjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwMzg4OTA3MzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwMzYzNDAzNDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNDcyMjg2ODQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNDQyNjIxNTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNjAyNzU2ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNjUxODQ2MDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNTg3NjAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwNTI5NjkwNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIwODUxNTMyNzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIxNDYyOTk3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIxODU4MDk3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTIyMDA3NzEzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTk2NDQxMzYyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTk5MjM2NTE2MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTk5ODQ4NzA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTM1OTE2NDE3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTM2MDc0ODU4MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTM2MzYwNzAyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTM4Mzk2NTM1Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTM4NTM5MjUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTMwNzc3NDQzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTMxMDUyODg3Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTMxODU1NDQ3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTQ0MTA0MjE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTQwMDIwNTU4Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTQyNTMwMjkyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTQzMjA1MDg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU0NzY1MTI0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU0OTE5NDg4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU1NjYxNTQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU2NTMwODU0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU4Mzk3MjEzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU4NDk4NDEzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTU5OTI2MzkwMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTUzODkxMTI5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTY0NjMwMDM3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTY1NjEwNDE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTY1Njk1NzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTY3ODM3NTkxMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTY5NjY0ODE3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTYwMjY5MDU4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTYzMDA0MDkzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|LTYzODAwNzI5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA0MjIxNzYyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA0NzQxODcyMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA2MzYzOTczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA4Mjg5MjA2Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA5MTAzMTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjA5MTkxODMxNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjAxODE2ODU5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjAyODI0MDcwMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjAzNDU4MTI1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjEwNTY0MzIzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjExMTIyOTgzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjExOTYzNDczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Mjg5NDQ5MzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjgxNzY4OTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjgyMjk4MTM5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjIwNTk1MzU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjkwMzM0NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjU3OTIwOTc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjY3NjAyOTc1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MjY4ODk0NDkz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA1ODg2MjUyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA2OTM4NzYyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA3MTQzNjQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA4NzI0NzA3OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA4ODkwODE5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA5MzUzMDE4OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTA5NTc5ODI1NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTAxNzMwNjc0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTAxODkxNjk4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTAxODY3OTA3OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTAzMTA2MzY5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTc0MDIxOTM3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTc2MTI4MjI0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTc2NTIxNzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTc4NzcxNzE1NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTc5MDI2NDkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTcwMDM2OTUxNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTcwMzQyMDIz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTcyMDAwOTQ0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTE1NDg4MzEyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTE2MTQ1NTE4NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTE2NDk4MjA4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTE3NjYzMzQ5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTE4MTA5NjkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTEwMjU3MTI2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTEwMzAzODkzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg0MzM0MzE2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg0NTc0NzY1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg1MzU5MzQ1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg1OTQ1NzU1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg2Nzc1Njc2OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTg3MzkyMzcyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTgxNjYwOTEzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTgyNTAyNjA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTgyNzkzODk3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTgzNDg1NDEwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI1MTYzODE5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI1Nzc2MDAyOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI2NjA4NTMyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI2NTIwMjM1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI3NjQ2NDk4Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI3Nzg2NzA5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI3OTk2NjIwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTI4MzU0ODcwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTIyMDg3MjUyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTIyNzM2MTE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTk0ODcwMzM4OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTk3Mzg4Nzc2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTk4MjMwMTA5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTk5MDA2NTM5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTkxMjk3MDk1MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM0MzQzODY2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM1MDQ2OTc1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM2NzY1NzU1OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM4OTE2NTAzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM5MTkyNjMwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM5MTMxODE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM5NzM1NDg5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTM5ODI0OTQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTMwODAwMTk2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTMzMDcxMDc0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTQ0MzM0MDU3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTQ3MDE5NzYzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTQ4Njc2MTUyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTQwNzAyNDAwNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTQxNjg3MzM5Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTU1Njk1NTQwMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTU2MTU4Mzc5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTU4NzY2OTYzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTUxMDMwOTM0Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTUyNzA1OTg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTY1MTYwODQ4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTY2NTIwNjcwNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTY4NTI4MTAwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MTYzNjExNjYwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Mzc5MzQ4NTk2|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzczMjE5MTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Mzg0ODY3MTk5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Mzg1Mjc3MDEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzI5NTgyODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzkyODUxMjI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzMwNTAyNTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzMxNDQ4MTUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzU2MDA4MTEx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|MzYzNzgzMzM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDg0ODg0Nzc3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDgxNjU0NTk1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDI3OTgzMzMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDk0MDU5OTEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDMyOTEzODM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDQwNjM1NDkx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NDUzNDY5ODUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjA2MDI0Nzc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjA3OTI5MjAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjE1ODU1MjMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjE4MzY1NTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjEwNDUwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjEzNTU0MDQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjgwMDk1NzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjI0MTQ4NjM0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Njk4MzM2OTcz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjM1OTE1MzM3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjY0NDk1Nzgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NjYxODk4NjEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NTA5ODY3NDAz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NTk2NzczNTEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NTkwOTU4Nzk3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NTQ1NTQ1MTM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NTUzMDYyNTE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzA4MDE5ODI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzAwNzEzOTU5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|Nzc3MzYxOTU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzE3MTg3Njgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzEwNzIyODky|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzI1Mjg0MjMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzkwMTI3OTMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzM1MDg0MzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzM3ODcxNzE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzM3OTI4Mjcw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzQ3MTcxNjQ0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzUxNzIwMzA0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|NzUyODk3Nzg5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|ODAwNjc1NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|ODEyMDIxNjAx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|ODEzMTgxNjMy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|ODg0NTY1NzE3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|ODkxMjg2NDMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTA0MDE1NTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTA5NTg5ODUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTAyNTY0MTkw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTc5MTA1MjQy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTI0NzgwMzU0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTkyMTAyODc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTQxOTQ0OTAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|1|OTYxMzIwMDY5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|1
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTc2MTUwNzQ2Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTc2NzI2NTY1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTc2OTQzNjQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTc3MTcwMjE2OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTc5NDg1MTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTcwMDc0NDMyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTcwNjc4MzA4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTcxNTAwMTE5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTczNDg5MzIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE0MDg2NjQzMzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE0MjM4ODUwMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE0MTk4OTcxMjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE0NjI4NDQyNzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE0OTEyODU0NTk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1MDY3MTc3MDc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1MjA2MTkxOTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1MTMyNzAwNzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1MzA1MTMyMTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1NDg1MDk1OTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1NTY3MTI3ODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1ODUwMTA1MTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE1OTMzMjEzMzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE2Mjc4MDgyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE2MjQyNDk2NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE2NDE0Mjg3NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE2Njg1NTY4MTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE2ODM1NDIzNTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE3MjIxNDE5ODU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE3NDIxNDU0OTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE3NTc0MTAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE3ODA3MTA5ODM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MTA1MTgyMzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MTgxNTE0NDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MTkwNjI5NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MzEzMTMyMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MzIyMDU3ODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4MzM4NjM0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4NDg3OTA3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4NjY3NzU3ODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4NTc5OTAzODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4Nzk4MDYwNTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4ODc0NzE5Mzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4ODMyMDY5Nzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4OTA1OTQ1NTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE4OTc4NzAyNDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5MDcxMjU4ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5MjY5NDY0NzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5MzA5Njg4MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5NTc5OTA0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5ODc2NTU2MzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5ODQ2NTgwMDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTE5OTk2MzYwMDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwMjE2NTA5MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwMjY4NjE2NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwMTA3MTkzNTA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwMTAzMTg3Mjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwNDg0NTkwNjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwNDQ4MzExMzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEwODk0NzU2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExMDQ2NjYwNjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExMjM0MTUwMTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExMTE0NTU5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExMTYyMTQ4ODk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExMzI3NDM4NTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExNTYxOTgzMjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExNzA2NDY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExNzQxMTQ1NzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExODQ5MjY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTExOTY0Nzk0NDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMDA5ODA5NjU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMDgzNjQ2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMjE2ODkzNzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMjUzNTU0NTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMzM1Nzk3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyMzY5OTU0NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNjgxMDczODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNjgxNDIzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNjQ0MzA0MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNTAzNTgxNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNzQ4NzY5MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyNzU3MzU1MDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyODA1MjAyNDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyOTM0NTg4MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEyOTM5NzI4NjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzMDU3ODAzMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzMTg2MTQ5MDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzMTM2MDAwMTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzNDgzNjQwNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzNTg3NDk5Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzNTQ3MzcyMTc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzNTYxMTkxMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTEzOTkyODM5OTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg0NzA1MzUyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg0ODU5ODA2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg1MDc3MTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg2Mjk2OTk0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg3Nzg4MDIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg5MDgyNTMxOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTg5MTMxMDI0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTgwNDc0MDg0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTI0MjIyNDQzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTI3MTYyMDQwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTI3NjM5OTAzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTI3ODk0OTYzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTI5NTA1MDEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwMTc4NDAxNjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwMzg4OTA3MzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwMzYzNDAzNDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNDcyMjg2ODQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNDQyNjIxNTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNjAyNzU2ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNjUxODQ2MDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNTg3NjAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwNTI5NjkwNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIwODUxNTMyNzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIxNDYyOTk3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIxODU4MDk3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTIyMDA3NzEzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTk2NDQxMzYyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTk5MjM2NTE2MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTk5ODQ4NzA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTM1OTE2NDE3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTM2MDc0ODU4MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTM2MzYwNzAyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTM4Mzk2NTM1Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTM4NTM5MjUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTMwNzc3NDQzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTMxMDUyODg3Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTMxODU1NDQ3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTQ0MTA0MjE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTQwMDIwNTU4Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTQyNTMwMjkyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTQzMjA1MDg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU0NzY1MTI0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU0OTE5NDg4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU1NjYxNTQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU2NTMwODU0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU4Mzk3MjEzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU4NDk4NDEzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTU5OTI2MzkwMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTUzODkxMTI5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTY0NjMwMDM3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTY1NjEwNDE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTY1Njk1NzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTY3ODM3NTkxMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTY5NjY0ODE3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTYwMjY5MDU4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTYzMDA0MDkzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|LTYzODAwNzI5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA0MjIxNzYyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA0NzQxODcyMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA2MzYzOTczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA4Mjg5MjA2Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA5MTAzMTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjA5MTkxODMxNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjAxODE2ODU5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjAyODI0MDcwMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjAzNDU4MTI1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjEwNTY0MzIzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjExMTIyOTgzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjExOTYzNDczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Mjg5NDQ5MzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjgxNzY4OTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjgyMjk4MTM5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjIwNTk1MzU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjkwMzM0NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjU3OTIwOTc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjY3NjAyOTc1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MjY4ODk0NDkz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA1ODg2MjUyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA2OTM4NzYyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA3MTQzNjQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA4NzI0NzA3OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA4ODkwODE5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA5MzUzMDE4OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTA5NTc5ODI1NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTAxNzMwNjc0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTAxODkxNjk4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTAxODY3OTA3OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTAzMTA2MzY5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTc0MDIxOTM3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTc2MTI4MjI0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTc2NTIxNzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTc4NzcxNzE1NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTc5MDI2NDkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTcwMDM2OTUxNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTcwMzQyMDIz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTcyMDAwOTQ0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTE1NDg4MzEyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTE2MTQ1NTE4NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTE2NDk4MjA4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTE3NjYzMzQ5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTE4MTA5NjkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTEwMjU3MTI2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTEwMzAzODkzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg0MzM0MzE2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg0NTc0NzY1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg1MzU5MzQ1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg1OTQ1NzU1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg2Nzc1Njc2OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTg3MzkyMzcyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTgxNjYwOTEzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTgyNTAyNjA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTgyNzkzODk3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTgzNDg1NDEwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI1MTYzODE5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI1Nzc2MDAyOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI2NjA4NTMyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI2NTIwMjM1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI3NjQ2NDk4Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI3Nzg2NzA5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI3OTk2NjIwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTI4MzU0ODcwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTIyMDg3MjUyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTIyNzM2MTE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTk0ODcwMzM4OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTk3Mzg4Nzc2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTk4MjMwMTA5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTk5MDA2NTM5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTkxMjk3MDk1MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM0MzQzODY2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM1MDQ2OTc1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM2NzY1NzU1OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM4OTE2NTAzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM5MTkyNjMwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM5MTMxODE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM5NzM1NDg5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTM5ODI0OTQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTMwODAwMTk2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTMzMDcxMDc0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTQ0MzM0MDU3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTQ3MDE5NzYzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTQ4Njc2MTUyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTQwNzAyNDAwNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTQxNjg3MzM5Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTU1Njk1NTQwMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTU2MTU4Mzc5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTU4NzY2OTYzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTUxMDMwOTM0Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTUyNzA1OTg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTY1MTYwODQ4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTY2NTIwNjcwNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTY4NTI4MTAwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MTYzNjExNjYwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Mzc5MzQ4NTk2|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzczMjE5MTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Mzg0ODY3MTk5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Mzg1Mjc3MDEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzI5NTgyODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzkyODUxMjI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzMwNTAyNTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzMxNDQ4MTUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzU2MDA4MTEx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|MzYzNzgzMzM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDg0ODg0Nzc3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDgxNjU0NTk1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDI3OTgzMzMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDk0MDU5OTEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDMyOTEzODM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDQwNjM1NDkx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NDUzNDY5ODUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjA2MDI0Nzc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjA3OTI5MjAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjE1ODU1MjMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjE4MzY1NTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjEwNDUwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjEzNTU0MDQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjgwMDk1NzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjI0MTQ4NjM0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Njk4MzM2OTcz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjM1OTE1MzM3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjY0NDk1Nzgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NjYxODk4NjEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NTA5ODY3NDAz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NTk2NzczNTEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NTkwOTU4Nzk3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NTQ1NTQ1MTM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NTUzMDYyNTE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzA4MDE5ODI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzAwNzEzOTU5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|Nzc3MzYxOTU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzE3MTg3Njgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzEwNzIyODky|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzI1Mjg0MjMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzkwMTI3OTMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzM1MDg0MzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzM3ODcxNzE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzM3OTI4Mjcw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzQ3MTcxNjQ0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzUxNzIwMzA0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|NzUyODk3Nzg5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|ODAwNjc1NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|ODEyMDIxNjAx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|ODEzMTgxNjMy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|ODg0NTY1NzE3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|ODkxMjg2NDMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTA0MDE1NTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTA5NTg5ODUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTAyNTY0MTkw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTc5MTA1MjQy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTI0NzgwMzU0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTkyMTAyODc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTQxOTQ0OTAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|EVENT|2|OTYxMzIwMDY5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth|2
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|INSTALLATION_ID
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTc2MTUwNzQ2Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTc2NzI2NTY1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTc2OTQzNjQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTc3MTcwMjE2OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTc5NDg1MTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTcwMDc0NDMyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTcwNjc4MzA4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTcxNTAwMTE5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTczNDg5MzIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE0MDg2NjQzMzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE0MjM4ODUwMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE0MTk4OTcxMjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE0NjI4NDQyNzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE0OTEyODU0NTk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1MDY3MTc3MDc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1MjA2MTkxOTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1MTMyNzAwNzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1MzA1MTMyMTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1NDg1MDk1OTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1NTY3MTI3ODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1ODUwMTA1MTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE1OTMzMjEzMzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE2Mjc4MDgyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE2MjQyNDk2NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE2NDE0Mjg3NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE2Njg1NTY4MTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE2ODM1NDIzNTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE3MjIxNDE5ODU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE3NDIxNDU0OTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE3NTc0MTAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE3ODA3MTA5ODM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MTA1MTgyMzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MTgxNTE0NDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MTkwNjI5NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MzEzMTMyMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MzIyMDU3ODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4MzM4NjM0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4NDg3OTA3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4NjY3NzU3ODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4NTc5OTAzODA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4Nzk4MDYwNTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4ODc0NzE5Mzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4ODMyMDY5Nzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4OTA1OTQ1NTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE4OTc4NzAyNDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5MDcxMjU4ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5MjY5NDY0NzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5MzA5Njg4MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5NTc5OTA0MzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5ODc2NTU2MzA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5ODQ2NTgwMDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTE5OTk2MzYwMDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwMjE2NTA5MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwMjY4NjE2NjY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwMTA3MTkzNTA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwMTAzMTg3Mjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwNDg0NTkwNjA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwNDQ4MzExMzI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEwODk0NzU2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMDQ2NjYwNjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMjM0MTUwMTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMTE0NTU5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMTYyMTQ4ODk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMzI3NDM4NTI=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExMzM0OTEyOTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExNTYxOTgzMjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExNzA2NDY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExNzQxMTQ1NzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExODQ5MjY2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTExOTY0Nzk0NDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMDA5ODA5NjU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMDgzNjQ2Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMjE2ODkzNzY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMjUzNTU0NTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMzM1Nzk3Mjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyMzY5OTU0NTY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNjgxMDczODE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNjgxNDIzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNjQ0MzA0MDQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNTAzNTgxNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNzQ4NzY5MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyNzU3MzU1MDM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyODA1MjAyNDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyOTM0NTg4MzE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEyOTM5NzI4NjE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzMDU3ODAzMDU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzMTg2MTQ5MDk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzMTM2MDAwMTU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzNDgzNjQwNjg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzNTg3NDk5Nzc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzNTQ3MzcyMTc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzNTYxMTkxMjQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTEzOTkyODM5OTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg0NzA1MzUyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg0ODU5ODA2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg1MDc3MTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg2Mjk2OTk0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg3Nzg4MDIxMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg5MDgyNTMxOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTg5MTMxMDI0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTgwNDc0MDg0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTI0MjIyNDQzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTI3MTYyMDQwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTI3NjM5OTAzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTI3ODk0OTYzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTI5NTA1MDEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwMTc4NDAxNjk=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwMzg4OTA3MzM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwMzYzNDAzNDY=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNDcyMjg2ODQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNDQyNjIxNTQ=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNjAyNzU2ODc=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNjUxODQ2MDA=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNTg3NjAxMDE=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwNTI5NjkwNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIwODUxNTMyNzg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIxNDYyOTk3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIxODU4MDk3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTIyMDA3NzEzOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTk2NDQxMzYyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTk5MjM2NTE2MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTk5ODQ4NzA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTM1OTE2NDE3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTM2MDc0ODU4MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTM2MzYwNzAyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTM4Mzk2NTM1Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTM4NTM5MjUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTMwNzc3NDQzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTMxMDUyODg3Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTMxODU1NDQ3NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTQ0MTA0MjE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTQwMDIwNTU4Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTQyNTMwMjkyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTQzMjA1MDg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU0NzY1MTI0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU0OTE5NDg4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU1NjYxNTQ3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU2NTMwODU0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU4Mzk3MjEzNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU4NDk4NDEzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTU5OTI2MzkwMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTUzODkxMTI5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTY0NjMwMDM3MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTY1NjEwNDE0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTY1Njk1NzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTY3ODM3NTkxMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTY5NjY0ODE3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTYwMjY5MDU4NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTYzMDA0MDkzNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|LTYzODAwNzI5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA0MjIxNzYyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA0NzQxODcyMw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA2MzYzOTczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA4Mjg5MjA2Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA5MTAzMTExMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjA5MTkxODMxNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjAxODE2ODU5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjAyODI0MDcwMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjAzNDU4MTI1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjEwNTY0MzIzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjExMTIyOTgzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjExOTYzNDczMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Mjg5NDQ5MzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjgxNzY4OTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjgyMjk4MTM5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjIwNTk1MzU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjkwMzM0NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjU3OTIwOTc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjY3NjAyOTc1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MjY4ODk0NDkz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA1ODg2MjUyMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA2OTM4NzYyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA3MTQzNjQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA4NzI0NzA3OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA4ODkwODE5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA5MzUzMDE4OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTA5NTc5ODI1NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTAxNzMwNjc0Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTAxODkxNjk4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTAxODY3OTA3OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTAzMTA2MzY5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTc0MDIxOTM3Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTc2MTI4MjI0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTc2NTIxNzA1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTc4NzcxNzE1NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTc5MDI2NDkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTcwMDM2OTUxNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTcwMzQyMDIz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTcyMDAwOTQ0MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTE1NDg4MzEyNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTE2MTQ1NTE4NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTE2NDk4MjA4Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTE3NjYzMzQ5OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTE4MTA5NjkzOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTEwMjU3MTI2Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTEwMzAzODkzMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg0MzM0MzE2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg0NTc0NzY1Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg1MzU5MzQ1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg1OTQ1NzU1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg2Nzc1Njc2OA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTg3MzkyMzcyNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTgxNjYwOTEzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTgyNTAyNjA0MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTgyNzkzODk3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTgzNDg1NDEwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI1MTYzODE5NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI1Nzc2MDAyOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI2NjA4NTMyMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI2NTIwMjM1Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI3NjQ2NDk4Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI3Nzg2NzA5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI3OTk2NjIwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTI4MzU0ODcwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTIyMDg3MjUyMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTIyNzM2MTE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTk0ODcwMzM4OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTk3Mzg4Nzc2Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTk4MjMwMTA5Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTk5MDA2NTM5NQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTkxMjk3MDk1MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM0MzQzODY2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM1MDQ2OTc1Ng==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM2NzY1NzU1OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM4OTE2NTAzMg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM5MTkyNjMwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM5MTMxODE3Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM5NzM1NDg5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTM5ODI0OTQ3MA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTMwODAwMTk2MQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTMzMDcxMDc0Nw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTQ0MzM0MDU3NA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTQ3MDE5NzYzNA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTQ4Njc2MTUyNg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTQwNzAyNDAwNQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTQxNjg3MzM5Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTU1Njk1NTQwMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTU2MTU4Mzc5OQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTU4NzY2OTYzMA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTUxMDMwOTM0Mg==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTUyNzA1OTg0Mw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTY1MTYwODQ4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTY2NTIwNjcwNw==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTY4NTI4MTAwOQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MTYzNjExNjYwMQ==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Mzc5MzQ4NTk2|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzczMjE5MTg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Mzg0ODY3MTk5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Mzg1Mjc3MDEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzI5NTgyODg=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzkyODUxMjI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzMwNTAyNTE1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzMxNDQ4MTUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzU2MDA4MTEx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|MzYzNzgzMzM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDg0ODg0Nzc3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDgxNjU0NTk1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDI3OTgzMzMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDk0MDU5OTEy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDMyOTEzODM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDQwNjM1NDkx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NDUzNDY5ODUz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjA2MDI0Nzc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjA3OTI5MjAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjE1ODU1MjMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjE4MzY1NTM4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjEwNDUwOA==|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjEzNTU0MDQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjgwMDk1NzQx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjI0MTQ4NjM0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Njk4MzM2OTcz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjM1OTE1MzM3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjY0NDk1Nzgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NjYxODk4NjEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NTA5ODY3NDAz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NTk2NzczNTEz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NTkwOTU4Nzk3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NTQ1NTQ1MTM1|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NTUzMDYyNTE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzA4MDE5ODI5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzAwNzEzOTU5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|Nzc3MzYxOTU4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzE3MTg3Njgx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzEwNzIyODky|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzI1Mjg0MjMw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzkwMTI3OTMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzM1MDg0MzU=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzM3ODcxNzE4|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzM3OTI4Mjcw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzQ3MTcxNjQ0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzUxNzIwMzA0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|NzUyODk3Nzg5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|ODAwNjc1NjM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|ODEyMDIxNjAx|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|ODEzMTgxNjMy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|ODg0NTY1NzE3|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|ODkxMjg2NDMz|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTA0MDE1NTM=|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTA5NTg5ODUy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTAyNTY0MTkw|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTc5MTA1MjQy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTI0NzgwMzU0|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTkyMTAyODc5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTQxOTQ0OTAy|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|SEQ_NUM|OTYxMzIwMDY5|EmbedPlayerActionNonAuth
Pending
ES|ab9ad0d96a624805a7d51e8868df1f97|STORAGE_ID
Pending
js.zi-scripts.com
1
_zitok
Pending
www.keiser.com
www.keiseruk.com
12
KEISER_APP_SESSION_ID [x3]
Pending
visitorGeolocation [x3]
Pending
country_redirect [x2]
Pending
foreign_demo_confirmation [x2]
Pending
foreign_shop_confirmation [x2]
Pending
Cross-domain consent
5
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
resources.keiser.com
www.keiseruk.com
ips.keiser.com
dev.keiser.com
www.keiser.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/4/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Use necessary cookies only
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all cookies
Artboard
Arrow Down
Left Carousel Arrow
Asset 17
Search
+1 559 256 8000
Contact Us
Ask About Leasing
Try our equipment
Find My Distributor
Shop online
Strength Equipment
A400 Machines
Resistance Machines
Functional Cable Machines
Racks
Specialty Equipment
Cardio Equipment
Cardio Machines
On-demand Classes for Home
On-demand Classes for Studios
Studio Display
M Series App
M Series Group App
Market Sectors
Tactical
Sports Performance
Longevity
Medical
Commercial
ABOUT
Equipment Financing
Environmental Commitment
Careers
Education
EDUCATION
Training
CARDIO TEAM
RESISTANCE TEAM
EDUCATION RESOURCES
Support
California Privacy Notice
Effective Date: March 29, 2022
KEISER CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) requires that business disclose certain additional information about how it collects, uses, discloses and sells the personal data of a California resident.
This California Privacy Notice supplements Keiser's
Privacy Notice
to meet our disclosure requirements pursuant to California law. This section only applies to California residents. The rights discussed in this section do not extend to individuals who are not California residents.
California Residents’ Rights and the CCPA
The definition of “Personal Information” under California law differs from the definition used in our
Privacy Policy
. As used in this California Privacy Notice only, “Personal Information” refers to “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.”
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The below table identifies the types of Personal Information we collect and provides examples of Personal Information in such categories, along with information on the third parties with whom such categories of information are shared.
The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon how you use our Service or otherwise interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all of the below information about you.
For more information about the personal information we collect, please see section 4.1 of our
Privacy Policy
.
Category
Examples of Personal Information in this Category
Third Party Recipients
Identifiers
Name, Email Address, Mailing Address, Shipping Address, Phone Number, Username, Physical Characteristics, Birthday, Location, Images or Video of You
Service Providers, Business Partners, Vendors or Other Keiser Users, Third Party Advertising Partners
Protected Characteristics
Age, Gender
Vendors and Service Providers, Other Keiser Users, Business Partners, Third Party Advertising Partners
Commercial Information
Purchase History, Use History (Total Number of Classes Taken, the Dates You Took Those Classes, Class Performance History, Total Output, Speed, Distance and Calories Burned), Attendance History, Your Followers and Who You Are Following
Vendors and Service Providers, Business Partners, Other Keiser Users, Third Party Advertising Partners
Geolocation Data
Internet Protocol (IP) Address, GPS Location, City, County, Zip Code and Region, And Your Location and Your Smart Device’s Bluetooth Networks and/or Other Proximity Systems
Vendors and Service Providers, Business Partners Third Party Advertising Partners
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
IP Address, Cookie Identifiers, Mobile Carrier, Mobile Advertising Identifiers, MAC Address, IMEI, Advertiser ID, and Other Device Identifiers That Are Automatically Assigned to Your Computer or Device When You Access the Internet, Browser Type and Language, Geo-Location Information, Hardware Type, Operating System, Internet Service Provider, Pages That You Visit Before and After Using the Services, the Date and Time Of Your Visit, the Amount of Time You Spend on Each Page, Information about the Links You Click and Pages You View Within the Services, and Other Actions Taken Through Use of the Services Such as Preferences
Vendors And Service Providers, Business Partners, Third Party Advertising Partners
Financial Or Health Information
Payment Information, Such As Credit Card Number, Status Of Loan Application; to the Extent You Have Worn a Heart Rate Monitor, Information About Your Heart Rate Over the Course of a Class
Vendors And Service Providers, Business Partners
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Biometric, or Similar Information
Your Visual Image, Fingerprints, Likeness And Voice Recording (E.G., Via Photographs and/or Video); Recordings of Member Support and Sales Calls
Vendors and Service Providers
Professional Information
Company Name and Title For Visitors and Guests
Vendors and Service Providers
Inferences Drawn From any of the Above Information Categories
Inferences about the Type of Classes You Prefer.
Vendors and Service Providers, Third Party Advertising Partners
We may also share each of the above listed categories of Personal Information with government entities if we believe doing so is necessary: (i) to comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as, a court order or subpoena; (ii) to protect yours, ours or others’ rights, property or safety; or (iii) to enforce Keiser policies or contracts. Additionally, if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets or transition of service to another provider, then each of the above listed categories of Personal Information may be shared with the involved corporate entities and their representatives as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
The sources of the Personal Information we collect as described above include Personal Information that you directly provide to us (for example, on our websites or our apps, or by telephone), Personal Information that we gather from the devices you use to access our Services (for example, fitness equipment, heart rate monitors, applications or websites), Personal Information we receive from third party partners (for example, our financing partners if you finance your purchase, or certain marketing, research or survey partners) and Personal Information that we generate internally.
HOW PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED
Please see the Keiser
Privacy Policy
, which describes our uses of Personal Information (see Section 4.2).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHARE
In addition to the table above, the Keiser
Privacy Policy
provides more information regarding the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information (see Section 5.1).
California law requires that we also list the categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties for business purposes in the last 12 months. In the last 12 months, Keiser disclosed all of the categories of Personal Information we describe in the “PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT” section above for business purposes. For example, we may share your IP address or device ID with service providers that monitor the safe functioning of our website.
Residents of California have the right to opt-out of disclosures of Personal Information to third parties for valuable consideration (which may be considered “sales” under California law even if no money is exchanged). Currently Keiser does not “sell” your information as we understand this term. However, we respect and understand that you may still want to minimize the sharing of your information with third parties for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you would like to minimize sharing your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please fill out
this form
.  Additionally, we do not sell the Personal Information of minors under 18 years of age with actual knowledge.
YOUR RIGHTS
Residents of California, have certain rights, such as:
Right to Access Your Data. You may be entitled to receive specific      pieces of personal information we have collected in the 12 months preceding      your request.
Right to Know. In addition to the data we collected, you have the      right to know the sources from which we collected the Personal Information,      the purposes for which we collected and shared Personal Information, the      types of Personal Information that we sold (if we did so) and the      categories of third-parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, and      the types of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose      in the 12 months preceding your request.
Right to Deletion. You may also be entitled to request that we      delete the Personal Information  we      have collected from you. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to      honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. We may be allowed      to keep certain information for our legitimate business purposes or as      required to comply with applicable law.
You have the right to freely exercise these rights without fear of being denied goods or services. However, we may charge a different rate or provide a different level of service if the difference is reasonably relating to the value of your personal information.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise one of your rights, please fill out and submit
this form
or contact us at (559) 256-8000.
The law requires us to verify the requests we receive from you when you exercise certain rights listed above. We (or third parties we engage to assist us) may ask you to provide certain information to us in order for us to verify your request, including your name, email address, Keiser username, physical address, date of birth and phone number (the “Verification Information”). This information will be used to verify your identity. If you fail the identity verification you will be asked to verify your identity by submitting a copy of state-issued ID and a photograph of yourself.  We will not act upon a request if we believe it is fraudulent.
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. If you have provided an authorized agent with a power of attorney pursuant to California law, we will work directly with your authorized agent to complete your request. Where you have not provided an authorized agent with a power of attorney pursuant to California law, we will reach out to you directly to confirm the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who share personal information with us have the right to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. If you would like to exercise this right, please use the contact information listed in this section to contact us.
Employees.  This California Privacy Notice is not intended and does not apply to Personal Information we collect about our employees, applicants for employment, or contractors in the employment context.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 2
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 3
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy?__hstc=221038407.d59cb94776bdd8e5b182415f87ae20b3.1741149676002.1741149676002.1741149676002.1&__hssc=221038407.1.1741149676002&__hsfp=4098701070:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 4
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 5
https://www.awin.com/us/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
Partners
Website
Vacancies
Consumers
TBD
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
What does this Privacy Policy do?
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be processed by us. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data we collect is processed, we are the “data controller.”
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What personal data we may collect about you;
How we will use personal data we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal data we process.
In this Privacy Policy, the following terms are defined as follows:
“
Awin Network
” means the affiliate marketing network operated by Awin.
An “
Advertiser
”, sometimes also referred to as a “merchant” or a “brand”, is a person or entity that has a Product to sell or is such person or entity’s authorized representative.
A “
Publisher
”, sometimes also referred to as an “affiliate”, is a person or entity that promotes an Advertiser’s Product on such person or entity’s website (the “
Publisher Website
”) through the Awin Network.
A “
Product
” means the product or service promoted in an advertisement.
An “
Advertiser Website
” means the Advertiser’s website that is linked from the advertisement.
An “
end user
” is a person who visits the Publisher Website.
A “
Transaction
” means a designated action made by an end user, such as a purchase, an order, etc.
Who are we and what do we do?
Awin operates the Awin Network, which comprises Advertisers and Publishers. The Awin Network enables Advertisers and Publishers to deal with each other, whereby Publishers promote Advertisers and their Products by displaying advertisements on the Publisher Website. End users which click on an advertisement are referred from the Publisher Website to the Advertiser Website, where they may make a Transaction. Read our article on
what is affiliate marketing
to learn more.
Who are you and what do you want to know?
We want to get you to the information that is relevant to you as easily as possible. For this purpose, please scroll to the relevant table below or click the relevant category here:
You are a
Publisher or Advertiser
on the Awin Network
You are a
Visitor
of the Awin website
You are
applying for a job
with Awin
You are an
end user
(or consumer) interacting with Awin services used by Publishers or Advertisers that participate in the Awin Network
Questions?
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy and the data handling of the Awin Group. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below:
AWIN AG Data Protection Officer
Otto-Ostrowski-Straße 1A
10785 Berlin
Germany
Global-privacy@awin.com
Advertisers and Publishers
How we use data from Advertisers and Publishers?
Providing our services
We provide our Publishers and Advertisers with an account in our Awin Network interface to access our services. You will need to register or apply for an account in order to obtain access to our technologies, therefore we may collect and process such data before you become an Advertiser or Publisher in order to process such application. We will collect all data which has been provided by you to us (both via the interface or otherwise), which will likely include your name, (company) address, telephone number and email address.
We may collect information on the device you are using to enter our interface pages such as your IP address, operating system, and browser of your device.
We will use such information for providing and/or making our services available under the terms of use of our services (including facilitating relationships between our partners, whether Advertisers and Publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties) or in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of the proper administration of our business.
Marketing to you or your company
If you are an Advertiser or Publisher on the Network or a potential client of ours, we use various forms of marketing to provide you with promotional materials about our services or those of Advertisers and Publishers operating on our network. We may process contact information that you provide to us (either via our website, through business cards, at events/conferences, through third parties, or through use of our services) for the purposes of marketing in accordance with our legitimate interests to promote our business. You can always request to be removed from the mailing lists by unsubscribing at the bottom of any marketing email.
We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), provided by Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410, USA, for sending marketing emails and newsletters.
Pardot’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
We further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform, to send newsletters. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to other third parties.
Mailchimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Some advertisers may also use GetResponse to contact publishers regarding offers and promotions. The GetResponse privacy policy can be found
here
.
Improving and optimizing usability for you and others
Our network interface uses cookies and other mechanisms to collect analytical information to help analyze how the interface is used. We process this information to improve our understanding and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity. This information is not used by us to develop a personal profile of you.
Google will receive hashed email addresses as part of their tracking which we have implemented on
awin.com
. We use Google Analytics on our website for reporting of website usage. Pseudonymized data, such as your hashed email addresses, may be forwarded to Google Analytics. Please note that Awin is not responsible for the processing of your personal data by Google. If you wish to read more about how Google may process your personal data, please visit their
Privacy Policy
. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behavior on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Cookies on our interface are listed
here
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of:
Carrying out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between us and you, or us and your employer or organization;
Processing which is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract;
Providing you with information, products and services that you request from us;
Administering your account with us, including to identify you and authenticate your identity and your account;
Verifying and carrying out financial transactions in relation to payments you make to us, and/or payments we make to you (depending on whether you are an Advertiser or a Publisher), in connection with the Awin Network;
Notifying you about changes to our service and products;
Providing you with technical assistance and other related information about our services and products;
Replying to your queries and troubleshooting problems;
Analysing transactions and communications for security purposes, for fraud and crime prevention and to protect our staff, property, site visitors and third parties;
For compliance and audit purposes, such as meeting our reporting obligations in our various jurisdictions, and for crime prevention and prosecution;
To ensure that the use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Partners on the Awin network
: Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to facilitate partnerships on our network (i.e., between advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers
: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers, or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software, email marketing services website hosting, website analytics, payment services, artificial intelligence, and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or similar transaction with a third party, your information may be transferred to such third party. Where required, you will be notified of the change via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g., to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing personal data to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the latest version of the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
Awin Website Visitors
How we use data from visitors of our website?
To address your inquiries
If you contact us about our services, the forms you complete or the emails you send may include information about you, such as your name, your email address and your enquiry.
In line with the legitimate interest we have in promoting and operating our business, we will process your enquiries to reply and provide you with information about the services we offer.
To send you news and updates
If you ask to be added to our mailing list, we will keep you updated with information on news by email unless you would like to be removed from that list (in which case please let us know by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing email that you receive).
We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), provided by Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410, USA, for sending marketing emails and newsletters.
Pardot’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
For the sending of newsletters, we further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to third parties.
Mailchimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Social plugins
Awin participates in and markets via social networks and has implemented certain social plugins on our websites. All social media plugins are used in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of marketing our business and communicating with our business partners and the public.
Visitors wishing to avoid connecting to plugins used on our websites can install privacy-enhancing browser plugins, such as Ghostery (
https://www.ghostery.com/
), NoScript (
https://noscript.net/
) or DoNotTrackMe (
https://www.abine.com/index.html
).
When you enter a page on our website that contains a social network plugin, your browser or app will establish a direct connection to the social network’s servers. The information that your browser has visited the Awin page will be transmitted to the social network, even if you do not have an account with that social network or are not logged into your account. If you are logged in to your account at the same time, a page impression may be assigned to your profile there.
Our website connects to the following social networks:
Facebook, see
Facebook’s Data Privacy Policy
Twitter, see
Twitter’s Privacy Policy
LinkedIn, see
LinkedIn's Privacy Policy
Disqus, see
Disqus Privacy Policy
YouTube, see
Youtube’s Privacy Policy
Instagram, see
Instagram’s Privacy Policy
Website Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website for anonymous reporting of website usage.  If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behavior on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Website chat functionality
We have a live chat functionality in order to provide you with further information on Awin’s services following-up your enquiry and upon your consent. The personal data collected in the course of this chat function are the following: name, email address, website URL. We use Salesforce for this chat functionality. You may find Salesforce’s Privacy Policy
here
. The consent you provide for this service can be withdrawn at any time via
global-livechat@awin.com
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for:
providing you with information, products, services or assistance that you request from us;
analysing usage and improving and optimizing our website;
the legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers, or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software, website hosting, website analytics and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or similar transaction with a third party, your information may be transferred to such third party. Where required, you will be notified of the change via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute, and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
Job Applicants
How we use personal data from job applicants?
As part of any recruitment process, we collect and process personal data relating to job applicants. Such personal data may include:
Your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
your CV or resume with details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your salary expectations and notice period;
information about your eligibility and right to work in a certain location;
any additional personal data that you may share during the recruitment process.
We may collect this personal data directly from you via the application form and the CV or resume you are required to attach when submitting your application or through interviews and other forms of assessment. In the context of headhunting activities via LinkedIn, Women in Tech or other recruiting platforms, the personal data is directly provided from you to the Awin Group’s personel.
Processing data from job applicants allows us to manage the recruitment process, assess and confirm an applicant’s suitability for employment and decide to whom to offer a job. We also have a legitimate interest in processing personal data during the recruitment process and for keeping records of the process. Where applicable, we need to process this personal data to take necessary steps prior to entering into an employment contract with you.
We process your personal data for the purpose of performing pre-contractual measures taken upon your request to evaluate your application, confirm your suitability for employment, and communicate with you in the context of the recruitment process.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, processors, or service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, processors, or service providers insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it.
Processors/service providers: the application form to apply for vacancies within the Awin Group is powered by an iFrames from Greenhouse. You can find further information on how Greenhouse processes your personal data on behalf of Awin on its privacy policy:
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy
.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or similar transaction with a third party, your information may be transferred to such third party. Where required by law, you will be notified of the change via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g., to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your personal data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your personal data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your personal data collected as part of your recruitment process will be retained for 6 months following the notification on an unsuccessful application, for the purpose of complying with applicable legal obligations. If you have provided your consent to further processing, your personal data will be retained for additional 12 months to consider your application and get in contact with you for future job vacancies.
In case of a successful application, your personal data will be retained as part of your personnel records and subsequent employee data retention periods will apply.
What rights do you have in respect of your personal data?
We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute, and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data and transfer it to other IT systems;
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer personal data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your personal data to our subcontracted service providers which are located both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is processed by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects applicable data protection laws, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these safeguard measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
What if I receive a separate privacy notice from Awin with regards to my application for employment or upon being hired?
If you are a candidate, employee or independent contractor who resides in a jurisdiction in which we are required to provide a separate applicant, employee or independent contractor privacy notice, our collection and use of your personal data is also governed by such separately provided privacy notice. In such case, such separately provided privacy notice shall prevail in the event of any conflict between the terms of such notice and the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Consumers
How do we use data from end users?
Awin primarily uses end user data for the purpose of tracking an end user from a Publisher Website to an Advertiser Website. Tracking enables Awin to see that an end user has visited a Website, found a Product, and clicked the link to be taken to the Advertiser Website to review or purchase the Product.
The purpose of tracking is to attribute sales and marketing efforts by a Publisher to a particular Transaction, to enable Advertisers to reward Publishers on a per transaction basis. Tracking also allows Awin to provide Publishers and Advertisers with related reports. The majority of these reports contain only aggregated statistical data.
Awin doesn’t know who the end user is, simply that the same end user started their journey with the Publisher and completed it with the Advertiser and that the affiliate marketing campaign was therefore successful in respect of that end user.
By maintaining a limited user profile which does not reveal an end user’s name or identity, Awin can also understand an end user journey when it starts on one device and ends on a different device. Through this functionality, Awin can understand whether a referral is commenced on one device and completed on another device. The profile is only used to attribute sales and marketing effort to a Publisher, even if the end user has changed devices before completing a transaction.
Awin permits Publishers to enquire as to whether an action by a user ought to have generated a commission for that Publisher. This necessitates the sharing of information between Publishers and Advertisers. Advertisers use the information provided by Publishers to verify against their own records. Awin enables this data sharing and the payment of any commission due to the Publisher as a result.
How do we collect data from end users?
The main technologies used for Awin’s tracking are Tracking Domain Cookies, Journey Tags and Device Fingerprinting.
Awin Tracking Domain Cookies
: These are cookies served by Awin’s own domain when an end user clicks on an advertisement displayed by a Publisher. We use this information to understand which end users are referred by which Publishers to which Advertiser. Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Our tracking cookies are listed
here
.
Advertiser Journey Tag
: This is JavaScript code integrated into the Advertiser’s service to enable Awin to receive transactional information from Advertisers. Awin uses this information to record, validate and report the completion of transactions, for the purposes of apportioning commissions to Publishers.
Fingerprinting
: This is a method by which Awin can uniquely identify a device by considering certain attributes of the browser or the device (incl. screen size/resolution and user configurations).
What data do we collect from end users?
We take care to collect only the data that we need. The majority of the data Awin uses is machine generated. It lets us single out a device, but it does not reveal who the person that owns the device is. We do not use this data to make predictions or evaluations of users’ interests or personalities.
Awin is one part of the affiliate marketing ecosystem and does not always have absolute control over the personal data that it receives from users, Publishers, or Advertisers.
Awin participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Awin’s identification number within the framework is: 907.
Awin stores an individual sequence of figures in respect of a transaction that does not reveal the name of a particular end user. It contains information on the Advertiser’s campaign, the Publisher, the end user’s action (i.e., a click or a view and in which country it occurred), and the device that is used.
Awin also receives limited transactional information, via the Journey Tag, to confirm that a transaction has occurred and carry out accurate commission allocating, billing, and reporting. Such information includes the order value, whether a voucher has been used, product type, and sales channel.
Awin's data processing activities relating to end user data do not require the direct identification of an individual and therefore Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in this respect. Pseudonymisation is privacy-enhancing. It is the separation of data from direct identifiers so that data can no longer be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional data. Pseudonymisation, therefore, reduces the risks associated with data processing, while also maintaining the data’s utility.
Does Awin have legitimate interest in using data?
We have carried out a balancing test and have identified legitimate interest as a basis for processing user data for the purposes set out in this section of the Privacy Policy.
When assessing Awin’s reliance on legitimate interest, the interests of the full affiliate ecosystem were considered. A balancing test was carried out and it was confirmed that tracking carries a low risk of undue negative impact on the end user’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Legitimate interests are not limited to the interests of Awin but can be legitimate interests of a third party or to society as a whole. In the context of our service, we consider that:
Advertisers have an interest in carrying on an online advertising campaign, paid for on a performance basis, whereby third-party referrers of customers or potential customers of the Advertiser are compensated for referrals which generate revenue for the Advertiser, or which undertake another act desired by the Advertiser.
Publishers have an interest in monetising their content, services, or other aspects of the Publisher website by generating advertising revenue which is paid on a performance basis.
Advertisers and Publishers have an interest in obtaining reports relevant to their respective business revenue generation.
Awin has an interest in operating an affiliate marketing network, and to provide technology, services, and reporting, in return for payment from Advertisers.
Awin, Advertisers, Publishers and society at large have an interest in preventing fraud, misuse of services, or money laundering.
What is our arrangement with Publishers and Advertisers on our network?
Awin's affiliate marketing network connects Advertisers and Publishers, as well as third-party technology partners in some instances, so that they can work together to run affiliate marketing campaigns.
In running the campaign each party plays their part in pursuing the common purposes and each party can make certain decisions about the way data is used.
Awin contractually requires that participation in its network is compliant with data protection law and that participants each fulfil their obligations to respond to requests to exercise data subject rights. You can approach each party, if you intend to exercise your rights in respect of the data which that party controls.
Awin works with these
Advertisers
. For guidance on how to make a request to a Publisher or an Advertiser, please check their respective privacy notices. For more information of how to make a request to Awin, see
“
What rights do you have in respect of user data
” below.
For how long do we keep end user data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
As a general rule, Awin retains tracking data for 36 months after collection.
What rights do you have in respect of user data?
We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. If you wish to make a request in respect of your user data, as described in this section of the Privacy Policy, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please note that, as described under “What data do we collect from users?”, Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in respect of users. Pseudonymisation means that we may not be in a position to identify the individual behind the data we hold and that we therefore cannot provide them with access, rectification, erasure or data portability without the provision of additional data (for example your IP address, or device ID)
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for:
Carrying out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between us and the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work;
Tracking and verifying Transactions in order to record, validate and report the completion of such Transactions, for the purposes of apportioning commissions to Publishers, and in order to fulfil reporting obligations to the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work;
Analysing Transactions for security purposes, for fraud and crime prevention and to protect our staff, property, site visitors and third parties;
For compliance and audit purposes, such as meeting our reporting obligations in our various jurisdictions, and for crime prevention and prosecution;
The legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to provide our services (i.e., with Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work, and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers, or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or similar transaction with a third party, your information may be transferred to such third party. Where required by law, you will be notified of the change via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g., to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
Supplemental Notice to Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada
Supplemental Notice to Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada.
Introduction
. In this section, we provide information for residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada, as may be required under applicable privacy laws of such states from time to time (“State Privacy Laws”). For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), require that we provide their respective residents certain specific information about how we handle their personal information. Because certain State Privacy Laws require that we disclose specific information about how we handle certain personal information collected about residents of their states, the scope of this section may be different than the scope of the rest of our privacy policy.
Definitions of key terms
. Under State Privacy Laws, subject to certain exceptions, “
personal information
” is generally any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular resident or household in the applicable state.
A “
Sale
” of personal information under State Privacy Laws such as CCPA and VCDPA may occur any time a business sells or makes available any personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
A “
Share
” of personal information under the CPRA generally means disclosing, making available or communicating personal information by a business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.
“
Cross-context behavioral advertising
” means the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on the consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly branded websites, applications, or services, other than the business, distinctly branded website, application, or service with which the consumer intentionally interacts.
“
Sensitive information
” under State Privacy Laws is generally defined as personal information that reveals sensitive information about a consumer, such as social security, driver’s license, state identification card or passport numbers, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card numbers in combination with any required security or access code, password or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, physical or mental health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizen or immigrant status, as well as processing of genetic or biometric data for identification, and personal data collected from a known child.
Rights under applicable laws
. Depending on where you reside, you may have additional legal rights with respect to your information under State Privacy Laws, beyond those described in the previous sections of this Privacy Policy. These rights are described below. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply in limited cases. Consistent with State Privacy Laws, this Supplemental Notice provides a way to exercise such rights for residents of the above states. This section does not apply to any matters exempted from State Privacy Laws during the period of exemption, nor to matters covered by an applicable law prior to the relevant portion of the applicable State Privacy Laws going into effect.
Right to Know
You may have the right, depending on your jurisdiction, to request the following about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months:
The categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
The business or commercial purpose for which we collected the personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information;
The categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed that information for a business purpose;
The specific pieces of personal information about you that we collected or disclosed to third parties for a business purposes;
The right to receive requested information in a readily usable format if provided electronically; and
The right to update or correct any personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right of Deletion
You have the right to ask us to delete the personal information we have collected from you, subject to exceptions the law provides.
For example, to the extent permitted by State Privacy Laws, we may deny a deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: (a) complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you; (b) detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; (c) debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; (d) protect our legal interests, to defend our rights in a case of potential, threatened, or actual litigation, and to enforce our rights; (e) comply with a legal obligation and/or (f) fulfil internal and lawful uses that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right of Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against if you exercise these privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you, deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights.
Sales and/or Sharing of Personal Information
Under certain State Privacy Laws, you have the right to ask whether we Sell (and/or Share, if you reside in California) your personal information to third parties. We do not Sell or Share your personal information as such terms are defined under State Privacy Laws.
Right to Limit Use & Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
We do not collect, use, or disclose information we believe to be sensitive under State Privacy Laws. In the context of the processing of information related to Job Applicants, we may process sensitive information for the purposes indicated in the relevant section in accordance with the provisions of State Privacy Laws.
Notice at Collection
At or before the point of collection, notice must be provided to the individual of the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information is used.
Exceptions to These Rights
The law provides for certain exceptions to the rights described above. We reserve the right to avail ourselves of these exceptions where applicable.
How to Exercise Your Rights
.
If you live in a relevant jurisdiction and would like to send us a request to exercise one of your above rights, you may do so by sending an email to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf as permitted under law, though before we process that request, we will require that you provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and verify your identity directly with us.
To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps where required to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. We may not be able to respond to your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Notice of Categories of Personal Information
: Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the CCPA, as amended by the CPRA. The information reflects our current practices, and our practices during the past 12 months. We collect the following categories of personal information, and may have collected any or all of this information in the preceding 12 months:
If you are an Advertiser or Publisher:
identifiers such as name, postal address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number;
categories described in the CCPA, such as telephone number, bank, credit card number or other financial information, and
commercial information, including records of Awin products or services purchased, obtained, or considered;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement.
If you are an Awin website visitor:
where you have chosen to provide this information to us, identifiers such as name, postal address, email address;
commercial information, including records of Awin products or services purchased, obtained, or considered;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement.
If you are a job applicant:
identifiers such as name, postal address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number and passport number;
categories described in the CCPA, such as telephone number, education, employment;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement;
professional or employment-related information;
education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information (as defined in 20 U.S.C. § 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99).
If you are an end user:
identifiers;
commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement.
Sources and Use of Personal Information
. We collect Personal Information from the sources mentioned in this Privacy Policy. We use Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes listed in this Privacy Policy.
CCPA Metrics for 2023
Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), Awin informs you of the following metrics with respect to the year 2023. Note: The foregoing numbers are based upon requests received from all individuals and not only from “consumers” as defined under the CCPA.
a. In 2023, the number of requests to know that Awin received, complied with in whole or in part, or denied: [8 received, 8 complied with, and 0 denied].
b. In 2023, the number of requests to delete that Awin received, complied with in whole or in part, or denied: [143 received, 143 complied with, and 0 denied].
c. In 2023, the median number of days within which Awin substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out: [20 days].
Sub-policy 7
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 8
https://stripe.com/us/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connected Account Agreement
Stripe Payments Company Terms
Acquirer Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Cross River Bank
Deutsche Bank
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
PNC Bank
Issuing Bank Terms
Payment Method Terms
User Bank Debit Authorizations
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Other Products and Programs
Stripe Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Terminal Purchase Terms
Stripe Terminal Reseller Terms
Stripe Atlas Agreement
Stripe Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Privacy Shield Policy
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
E-SIGN Disclosure
Licenses
Consumer Terms
Last updated: January 16, 2025
This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully.
Welcome
We provide financial infrastructure for the internet. Individuals and businesses of all sizes use our technology and services to facilitate purchases, accept payments, send payouts, and manage online businesses.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the Personal Data that we collect, how we use and share it, and details on how you can reach us with privacy-related inquiries. The Policy also outlines your rights and choices as a data subject, including the right to object to certain uses of your Personal Data.
Depending on the activity, Stripe assumes the role of a “data controller” and/or “data processor” (or “service provider”). For more details about our privacy practices, including our role, the specific Stripe entity responsible under this Policy, and our legal bases for processing your Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
Defined Terms
In this Policy, “Stripe”, “we”, “our,” or “us” refers to the Stripe entity responsible for the collection, use, and handling of Personal Data as described in this document. Depending on your jurisdiction, the specific Stripe entity accountable for your Personal Data might vary.
Learn More
.
“Personal Data” refers to any information associated with an identified or identifiable individual, which can include data that you provide to us, and that we collect about you during your interaction with our Services (such as device information, IP address, etc.).
“Services” refers to the products, services, devices, and applications, that we provide under the Stripe Services Agreement (“Business Services”) or the Stripe Consumer Terms of Service (“End User Services”); websites (“Sites”) like Stripe.com and Link.com; and other Stripe applications and online services. We provide Business Services to entities (“Business Users”). We provide End User Services directly to individuals for their personal use.
“Financial Partners” are financial institutions, banks, and other partners such as payment method acquirers, payout providers, and card networks that we partner with to provide the Services.
Depending on the context, “you” might be an End Customer, End User, Representative, or Visitor:
End Users.
When you use an End User Service, such as saving a payment method with Link, for personal use we refer to you as an “End User.”
End Customers.
When you are not directly transacting with Stripe, but we receive your Personal Data to provide Services to a Business User, including when you make a purchase from a Business User on a Stripe Checkout page or receive payments from a Business User, we refer to you as an “End Customer.”
Representatives.
When you are acting on behalf of an existing or potential Business User—perhaps as a company founder, account administrator for a Business User, or a recipient of an employee credit card from a Business User via Stripe Issuing—we refer to you as a “Representative.”
Visitors.
When you interact with Stripe by visiting a Site without being logged into a Stripe account, or when your interaction with Stripe does not involve you being an End User, End Customer, or Representative, we refer to you as a “Visitor.” For example, you are a Visitor when you send a message to Stripe asking for more information about our Services.
In this Policy, “Transaction Data” refers to data collected and used by Stripe to facilitate transactions you request. Some Transaction Data is Personal Data and may include: your name, email address, contact number, billing and shipping address, payment method information (like credit or debit card number, bank account details, or payment card image chosen by you), merchant and location details, amount and date of purchase, and in some instances, information about what was purchased.
1. Personal Data that we collect and how we use and share it
2. More ways we collect, use and share Personal Data
3. Legal bases for processing data
4. Your rights and choices
5. Security and retention
6. International data transfers
7. Updates and notifications
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
9. Contact us
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
1. Personal Data we collect and how we use and share it
Our collection and use of Personal Data differs based on whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, and the specific Service that you are using. For example, if you're a sole proprietor who wants to use our Business Services, we may collect your Personal Data to onboard your business; at the same time, you might also be an End Customer if you've bought goods from another Business User that is using our Services for payment processing. You could also be an End User if you used our End User Service, such as Link, for those transactions.
1.1 End Users
We provide End User Services when we provide the Services directly to you for your personal use (e.g., Link). Additional details regarding our collection, usage, and sharing of End User Personal Data, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Users
Using Link or Connecting your bank account
. Stripe offers a service called "Link," which allows you to create an account and store information for future interactions with Stripe’s Services and Business Users. You may save a number of different kinds of Personal Data using Link. For instance, you may save your name, payment method details, contact information, and address to conveniently use saved information to pay for transactions across our Business Users. When you choose to pay with Link, we will also collect Transaction Data associated with your transactions.
Learn More
.
You can also share and save bank account details to your Link account using Stripe’s
Financial Connections
product. When you use Financial Connections, Stripe will periodically collect and process your account information (such as bank account owner information, account balances, account number and details, account transactions, and, in some cases, log-in credentials). You can ask us to cease the collection of such data at any time.
Learn More
.
Finally, you can use Link to store your identity documents (such as your driver’s license) so that you can share them in future interactions with Stripe or its Business Users.
Paying Stripe
. When you purchase goods or services directly from Stripe, we receive your Transaction Data. For instance, when you make a payment to Stripe Climate, we collect information about the transaction, as well as your contact and payment method details.
Identity/Verification Services
. We offer an identity verification service that automates the comparison of your identity document (such as a driver’s license) with your image (such as a selfie). You can separately consent to us using your biometric data to enhance our verification technology, with the option to revoke your consent at any time.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Users, including about your online activity and your engagement with our End User Services, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Users
Services
. We use and share your Personal Data to provide the End User Services to you, which includes support, personalization (such as language preferences and setting choices), and communication about our End User Services (such as communicating Policy updates and information about our Services). For example, Stripe may use cookies and similar technologies or the data you provide to our Business Users (such as when you input your email address on a Business User’s website) to recognize you and help you use Link when visiting our Business User’s website. Learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies in Stripe’s
Cookie Policy
.
Our Business Users.
When you use Link to make payments with our Business Users, we share your Personal Data, including name, contact information, payment method details, and Transaction Data with those Business Users.
Learn More
. You can also direct Stripe to share your saved bank account information and identity documents with Business Users you do business with. Once we share your Personal Data with Business Users, we may process that Personal Data as a Data Processor for those Business Users, as detailed in Section 1.2 of this Policy.  You should consult the privacy policies of the Business Users’ you do business with for information on how they use the information shared with them.
Fraud Detection and Loss Prevention
. We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect fraud and prevent financial losses for you, us, and our Business Users and Financial Partners, including detecting unauthorized purchases. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those that use our fraud prevention-related Business Services (such as Stripe Radar), with Personal Data about you (including your attempted transactions) so that they can assess the fraud or loss risk associated with the transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, we may use your Personal Data, including Transaction Data, to assess your eligibility for, and offer you, other End User Services or promote existing End User Services, including through co-marketing with partners such as Stripe Business Users.
Learn more
. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we use and share End User Personal Data with third party partners to allow us to advertise our End User Services to you, including through interest-based advertising, and to track the efficacy of such ads. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third-party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about ways we may use and share End Users' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.2 End Customers
Stripe provides various Business Services to our Business Users, which include processing in-person or online payments or payouts for those Business Users. When acting as a service provider—also referred to as a Data Processor—for a Business User, we process End Customer Personal Data in accordance with our agreement with the Business User and the Business User's lawful instructions. This happens, for example, when we process a payment for a Business User because you purchased a product from them, or when the Business User asks us to send you funds.
Business Users are responsible for ensuring that the privacy rights of their End Customers are respected, including obtaining appropriate consents and making disclosures about their own data collection and use associated with their products and services. If you're an End Customer, please refer to the privacy policy of the Business User you're doing business with for its privacy practices, choices, and controls.
We provide more comprehensive information about our collection, use, and sharing of End Customer Personal Data in our
Privacy Center
, including the
legal bases
we rely on for processing your Personal Data.
a. Personal Data we collect about End Customers
Transaction Data
. If you're an End Customer making payments to, receiving refunds or payments from, initiating a purchase or donation, or otherwise transacting with our Business User, whether in-person or online, we receive your Transaction Data. We may also receive your transaction history with the Business User.
Learn More
. Additionally, we may collect information entered into a checkout form even if you opt not to complete the form or transaction with the Business User.
Learn More
. A Business User who uses Stripe’s Terminal Service to provide its goods or services to End Customers may use the Terminal Service to collect End Customer Personal Data (like your name, email, phone number, address, signature, or age) in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Identity/Verification Information
. Stripe provides a verification and fraud prevention Service that our Business Users can use to verify Personal Data about you, such as your authorization to use a particular payment method. During the process, you’d be asked to share with us certain Personal Data (like your government ID and selfie for biometric verification, Personal Data you input, or Personal Data that is apparent from the physical payment method like a credit card image). To protect against fraud and determine if somebody is trying to impersonate you, we may cross-verify this data with information about you that we've collected from Business Users, Financial Partners, business affiliates, identity verification services, publicly available sources, and other third party service providers and sources.
Learn More
.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about End Customers, including about your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of End Customers
To provide our Business Services to our Business Users, we use and share End Customers' Personal Data with them. Where allowed, we also use End Customers' Personal Data for Stripe’s own purposes such as enhancing security, improving and offering our Business Services, and preventing fraud, loss, and other damages, as described further below.
Payment processing and accounting
. We use your Transaction Data to deliver Payment-related Business Services to Business Users — including online payment transactions processing, sales tax calculation, and invoice, bill, and dispute handling — and to help them determine their revenue, settle their bills, and execute accounting tasks.
Learn More
. We may also use your Personal Data to provide and improve our Business Services.
During payment transactions, your Personal Data is shared with various entities in connection with your transaction. As a service provider or data processor, we share Personal Data to enable transactions as directed by Business Users. For instance, when you choose a payment method for your transaction, we may share your Transaction Data with your bank or other payment method provider, including as necessary to authenticate you, Learn More, process your transaction, prevent fraud, and handle disputes. The Business User you choose to do business with also receives Transaction Data and might share the data with others. Please review your merchant’s, bank’s, and payment method provider’s privacy policies for more information about how they use and share your Personal Data.
Financial services
. Certain Business Users leverage our Services to offer financial services to you via Stripe or our Financial Partners. For example, a Business User may issue a card product with which you can purchase goods and services. Such cards could carry the brand of Stripe, the bank partner, and/or the Business User. In addition to any Transaction Data we may generate or receive when these cards are used for purchases, we also collect and use your Personal Data to provide and manage these products, including assisting our Business Users in preventing misuse of the cards. Please review the privacy policies of the Business User and, if applicable, our bank partners associated with the financial service (the brands of which may be shown on the card) for more information.
Identity/Verification services
. We use Personal Data about your identity to perform verification services for Stripe or for the Business Users that you are transacting with, to prevent fraud, and to enhance security. For these purposes we may use Personal Data you provide directly or Personal Data we obtain from our service providers, including for phone verification.
Learn More
. If you provide a selfie along with an image of your identity document, we may employ biometric technology to compare and calculate whether they match and verify your identity.
Learn More
.
Fraud detection and loss prevention.
We use your Personal Data collected across our Services to detect and prevent losses for you, us, our Business Users, and Financial Partners. We may provide Business Users and Financial Partners, including those using our fraud prevention-related Business Services, with your Personal Data (including your attempted transactions) to help them assess the fraud or loss risk associated with a transaction. Learn more about how we may use technology to assess the fraud risk associated with an attempted transaction and what information we share with Business Users and Financial Partners
here
and
here
.
Our Business Users (and their authorized third parties).
We share End Customers' Personal Data with their respective Business Users and parties directly authorized by those Business Users to receive such data. Here are common examples of such sharing:
When a Business User instructs Stripe to provide another Business User with access to its Stripe account, including data related to its End Customers, via Stripe Connect.
Sharing information that you have provided to us with a Business User so that we can send payments to you on behalf of that Business User.
Sharing information, documents, or images provided by an End Customer with a Business User when the latter uses Stripe Identity, our identity verification Service, to verify the identity of the End Customer.
The Business Users you choose to do business with may further share your Personal Data with third parties (like additional third party service providers other than Stripe). Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information.
Advertising by Business Users
. If you initiate a purchasing process with a Business User, the Business User receives your Personal Data from us in connection with our provision of Services even if you don't finish your purchase. The Business User may use your Personal Data to market and advertise their products or services, subject to the terms of their privacy policy. Please review the Business User’s privacy policy for more information, including your rights to stop their use of your Personal Data for marketing purposes.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share End Customers' Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.3 Representatives
We collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives of Business Users (for example, business owners) to provide our Business Services. For more information about how we collect, use, and share Personal Data from Representatives, as well as the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, please visit our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Representatives
Registration and contact information
. When you register for a Stripe account for a Business User (including incorporation of a Business), we collect your name and login credentials. If you register for or attend an event organized by Stripe or sign up to receive Stripe communications, we collect your registration and profile data. As a Representative, we may collect your Personal Data from third parties, including data providers, to advertise, market, and communicate with you as detailed further in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below. We may also link a location with you to tailor the Services or information effectively to your needs.
Learn More
.
Identification Information
. As a current or potential Business User, an owner of a Business User, or a shareholder, officer, or director of a Business User, we need your contact details, such as name, postal address, telephone number, and email address, to fulfill our Financial Partner and regulatory requirements, verify your identity, and prevent fraudulent activities and harm to the Stripe platform. We collect your Personal Data, such as ownership interest in the Business User, date of birth, government-issued identity documents, and associated identifiers, as well as any history of fraud or misuse, directly from you and/or from publicly available sources, third parties such as credit bureaus and via the Services we provide.
Learn More
. You may also choose to provide us with bank account information.
More
. For further information about other types of Personal Data that we may collect about Representatives, including your online activity, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Representatives
We typically use the Personal Data of Representatives to provide the Business Services to the corresponding Business Users. The ways we use and share this data are further described below.
Business Services
. We use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with Business Users to provide the Services requested by you or the Business User you represent.
In some instances, we may have to submit your Personal Data to a government entity to provide our Business Services, for purposes such as the incorporation of a business, or calculating and paying applicable sales tax. For our tax-related Business Services, we may use your Personal Data to prepare tax documents and file taxes on behalf of the Business User you represent. For our Atlas business incorporation Services, we may use your Personal Data to submit forms to the IRS on your behalf and file documents with other government authorities, such as articles of incorporation in your state of incorporation.
We share Representatives’ Personal Data with parties authorized by the corresponding Business User, such as Financial Partners servicing a financial product, or third party apps or services the Business User chooses to use alongside our Business Services. Here are common examples of such sharing:
Payment method providers, like Visa or WeChat Pay, require information about Business Users and their Representatives who accept their payment methods. This information is typically required during the onboarding process or for processing transactions and handling disputes for these Business Users.
Learn More
.
A Business User may authorize Stripe to share your Personal Data with other Business Users to facilitate the provision of Services through Stripe Connect.
The use of Personal Data by a third party authorized by a Business User is subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
If you are a Business User who has chosen a name that includes Personal Data (for example, a sole proprietorship or family name in a company name), we will use and share such information for the provision of our Services in the same way we do with any company name. This may include, for example, displaying it on receipts and other transaction-identifying descriptions.
Fraud detection and loss prevention
. We use Representatives’ Personal Data to identify and manage risks that our Business Services might be used for fraudulent activities causing losses to Stripe, End Users, End Customers, Business Users, Financial Partners, and others. We also use information about you obtained from publicly available sources, third parties like credit bureaus and from our Services to address such risks, including to identify patterns of misuse and monitor for terms of service violations. Stripe may share Representatives' Personal Data with Business Users, our Financial Partners, and third party service providers, including phone verification providers,
Learn More
, to verify the information provided by you and identify risk indicators.
Learn More
. We also use and share Representatives' Personal Data to conduct due diligence, including conducting anti-money laundering and sanctions screening in accordance with applicable law.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Representatives’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
. We may also use your Personal Data, including your Stripe account activity, to evaluate your eligibility for and offer you Business Services or promote existing Business Services.
Learn more
.
More
. For further information about additional ways by which we may use and share Representatives’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
1.4 Visitors
We collect, use, and share the Personal Data of Visitors. More details about how we collect, use, and share Visitors’ Personal Data, along with the
legal bases
we rely on for processing such Personal Data, can be found in our
Privacy Center
.
a. Personal Data we collect about Visitors
When you browse our Sites, we receive your Personal Data, either provided directly by you or collected through our use of cookies and similar technologies. See our
Cookie Policy
for more information. If you opt to complete a form on the Site or third party websites where our advertisements are displayed (like LinkedIn or Facebook), we collect the information you included in the form. This may include your contact information and other information pertaining to your questions about our Services. We may also associate a location with your visit.
Learn More
.
More
. Further details about other types of Personal Data that we may collect from Visitors, including your online activity, can be found in the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
b. How we use and share Personal Data of Visitors
Personalization
. We use the data we collect about you using cookies and similar technologies to measure engagement with the content on the Sites, improve relevancy and navigation, customize your experience (such as language preference and region-specific content), and curate content about Stripe and our Services that's tailored to you. For instance, as not all of our Services are available globally, we may customize our responses based on your region.
Advertising
. Where permitted by applicable law, and where required with your consent, we use and share Visitors’ Personal Data with third parties, including
Partners
, so we can advertise and market our Services and Partner integrations. Subject to applicable law, including any consent requirements, we may advertise through interest-based advertising and track the efficacy of such ads. See our
Cookie Policy
. We do not transfer your Personal Data to third parties in exchange for payment, but we may provide your data to third party partners, like advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services.
Learn more
.
Engagement
. As you interact with our Sites, we use the information we collect about and through your devices to provide opportunities for further interactions, such as discussions about Services or interactions with chatbots, to address your questions.
More
. For more information about additional ways we may use and share Visitors’ Personal Data, please see the
More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
section below.
2. More ways we collect, use, and share Personal Data
In addition to the ways described above, we also process your Personal Data as follows:
a. Collection of Personal Data
Online Activity
. Depending on the Service used and how our Business Services are implemented by the Business Users, we may collect information related to:
The devices and browsers you use across our Sites and third party websites, apps, and other online services (“Third Party Sites”).
Usage data associated with those devices and browsers and your engagement with our Services, including data elements like IP address, plug-ins, language preference, time spent on Sites and Third Party Sites, pages visited, links clicked, payment methods used, and the pages that led you to our Sites and Third Party Sites. We also collect activity indicators, such as mouse activity indicators, to help us detect fraud.
Learn More
. See also our
Cookie Policy
.
Communication and Engagement Information
. We also collect information you choose to share with us through various channels, such as support tickets, emails, or social media. If you respond to emails or surveys from Stripe, we collect your email address, name, and any other data you opt to include in your email or responses. If you engage with us over the phone, we collect your phone number and any other information you might provide during the call. Calls with Stripe or Stripe representatives may be recorded.
Learn More
. Additionally, we collect your engagement data, like your registration for, attendance at, or viewing of Stripe events and any other interactions with Stripe personnel.
Forums and Discussion Groups
. If our Sites allow posting of content, we collect Personal Data that you provide in connection with the post.
b. Use of Personal Data.
Besides the use of Personal Data described above, we use Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Analyzing, Improving, and Developing our Services
. We collect and process Personal Data throughout our various Services, whether you are an End User, End Customer, Representative, or Visitor, to improve our Services, develop new Services, and support our efforts to make our Services more efficient, relevant, and useful to you.
Learn More
.  We may use Personal Data to generate aggregate and statistical information to understand and explain how our Services are used.  Examples of how we use Personal Data to analyze, improve, and develop our products and services include:
Using analytics on our Sites, including as described in our Cookie Policy, to help us understand your use of our Sites and Services and diagnose technical issues.
Training machine learning models to power our Services and protect against fraud and other harm.
Analyzing and drawing inferences from Transaction Data to reduce costs, fraud, and disputes and increase authentication and authorization rates for Stripe and our Business Users.
Communications
. We use the contact information we have about you to deliver our Services, which may involve sending codes via SMS for your authentication.
Learn More
. If you are an End User, Representative, or Visitor, we may communicate with you using the contact information we have about you to provide information about our Services and our affiliates’ services, invite you to participate in our events, surveys, or user research, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, in compliance with applicable law, including any consent or opt-out requirements. For example, when you provide your contact information to us or when we collect your business contact details through participation at trade shows or other events, we may use this data to follow up with you regarding an event, provide information requested about our Services, and include you in our marketing information campaigns. Where permitted under applicable law, we may record our calls with you to provide our Services, comply with our legal obligations, perform research and quality assurance, and for training purposes.
Social Media and Promotions
. If you opt to submit Personal Data to engage in an offer, program, or promotion, we use the Personal Data you provide to manage the offer, program, or promotion. We also use the Personal Data you provide, along with the Personal Data you make available on social media platforms, for marketing purposes, unless we are not permitted to do so.
Fraud Prevention and Security
. We collect and use Personal Data to help us identify and manage activities that could be fraudulent or harmful across our Services, enable our fraud detection Business Services, and secure our Services and transactions against unauthorized access, use, alteration or misappropriation of Personal Data, information, and funds. As part of the fraud prevention, detection, security monitoring, and compliance efforts for Stripe and its Business Users, we collect information from publicly available sources, third parties (such as credit bureaus), and via the Services we offer. In some instances, we may also collect information about you directly from you, or from our Business Users, Financial Partners, and other third parties for the same purposes. Furthermore, to protect our Services, we may receive details such as IP addresses and other identifying data about potential security threats from third parties.
Learn More
. Such information helps us verify identities, conduct credit checks where lawfully permitted, and prevent fraud. Additionally, we might use technology to evaluate the potential risk of fraud associated with individuals seeking to procure our Business Services or arising from attempted transactions by an End Customer or End User with our Business Users or Financial Partners.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
. We use Personal Data to meet our contractual and legal obligations related to anti-money laundering, Know-Your-Customer ("KYC") laws, anti-terrorism activities, safeguarding vulnerable customers, export control, and prohibition of doing business with restricted persons or in certain business fields, among other legal obligations. For example, we may monitor transaction patterns and other online signals and use those insights to identify fraud, money laundering, and other harmful activity that could affect Stripe, our Financial Partners, End Users, Business Users and others.
Learn More
. Safety, security, and compliance for our Services are key priorities for us, and collecting and using Personal Data is crucial to this effort.
Minors
. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we request that they do not provide Personal Data to seek Services directly from Stripe. In certain jurisdictions, we may impose higher age limits as required by applicable law.
c. Sharing of Personal Data.
Besides the sharing of Personal Data described above, we share Personal Data in the ways listed below:
Stripe Affiliates
. We share Personal Data with other Stripe-affiliated entities for purposes identified in this Policy.
Service Providers or Processors
. In order to provide, communicate, market, analyze, and advertise our Services, we depend on service providers. These providers offer critical services such as providing cloud infrastructure, conducting analytics for the assessment of the speed, accuracy, and/or security of our Services, verifying identities, identifying potentially harmful activity, and providing customer service and audit functions. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the Personal Data we make available to them to perform services on our behalf and to comply with relevant legal obligations. We require these service providers to contractually commit to security and confidentiality obligations for the Personal Data they process on our behalf. The majority of our service providers are based in the European Union, the United States of America, and India.
Learn More
.
Financial Partners
. We share Personal Data with certain Financial Partners to provide Services to Business Users and offer certain Services in conjunction with these Financial Partners. For instance, we may share certain Personal Data, such as payment processing volume, loan repayment data, and Representative contact information, with institutional investors and lenders who purchase loan receivables or provide financing related to Stripe Capital.
Learn More
.
Others with Consent
. In some situations, we may not offer a service, but instead refer you to others (like professional service firms that we partner with to deliver the Atlas Service). In these instances, we will disclose the identity of the third party and the information to be shared with them, and seek your consent to share the information.
Corporate Transactions
. If we enter or intend to enter a transaction that modifies the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties in connection with such transaction. Any other entity that buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your Personal Data, subject to the terms of this Policy.
Compliance and Harm Prevention
. We share Personal Data when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable law; to abide by rules imposed by Financial Partners in connection with the use of their payment method; to enforce our contractual rights; to secure and protect the Services, rights, privacy, safety, and property of Stripe, you, and others, including against malicious or fraudulent activity; and to respond to valid legal requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
3. Legal bases for processing Personal Data
For purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other applicable data protection laws, we rely on a number of legal bases to process your Personal Data.
Learn More
. For some jurisdictions, there may be additional legal bases, which are outlined in the
Jurisdiction-Specific Provisions
section below.
a. Contractual and Pre-Contractual Business Relationships
. We process Personal Data to enter into business relationships with prospective Business Users and End Users and fulfill our respective contractual obligations with them. These processing activities include:
Creation and management of Stripe accounts and Stripe account credentials, including the assessment of applications to initiate or expand the use of our Services;
Creation and management of Stripe Checkout accounts;
Accounting, auditing, and billing activities; and
Processing of payments and related activities, which include fraud detection, loss prevention, transaction optimization, communications about such payments, and related customer service activities.
b. Legal Compliance
. We process Personal Data to verify the identities of individuals and entities to comply with obligations related to fraud monitoring, prevention, and detection, laws associated with identifying and reporting illicit and illegal activities, such as those under the Anti-Money Laundering ("AML") and Know-Your-Customer (“KYC") regulations, and financial reporting obligations. For example, we may be required to record and verify a Business User’s identity to comply with regulations designed to prevent money laundering, fraud, and financial crimes. These legal obligations may require us to report our compliance to third parties and subject ourselves to third party verification audits.
c. Legitimate Interests
. Where permitted under applicable law, we rely on our legitimate business interests to process your Personal Data. The following list provides an example of the business purposes for which we have a legitimate interest in processing your data:
Detection, monitoring, and prevention of fraud and unauthorized payment transactions;
Mitigation of financial loss, claims, liabilities or other harm to End Customers, End Users, Business Users, Financial Partners, and Stripe;
Determination of eligibility for and offering new Stripe Services (
Learn More
);
Response to inquiries, delivery of Service notices, and provision of customer support;
Promotion, analysis, modification, and improvement of our Services, systems, and tools, as well as the development of new products and services, including enhancing the reliability of the Services;
Management, operation, and improvement of the performance of our Sites and Services, through understanding their effectiveness and optimizing our digital assets;
Analysis and advertisement of our Services, and related improvements;
Aggregate analysis and development of business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions about, and report on the performance of our business;
Sharing of Personal Data with third party service providers that offer services on our behalf and business partners that help us in operating and improving our business (
Learn More)
;
Enabling network and information security throughout Stripe and our Services; and
Sharing of Personal Data among our affiliates.
d. Consent
. We may rely on consent or explicit consent to collect and process Personal Data regarding our interactions with you and the provision of our Services such as Link, Financial Connections, Atlas, and Identity. When we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and such a withdrawal will not impact the legality of processing performed based on the consent prior to its withdrawal.
e. Substantial Public Interest
. We may process special categories of Personal Data, as defined by the GDPR, when such processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest and consistent with applicable law, such as when we conduct politically-exposed person checks. We may also process Personal Data related to criminal convictions and offenses when such processing is authorized by applicable law, such as when we conduct sanctions screening to comply with AML and KYC obligations.
f. Other valid legal bases
. We may process Personal Data further to other valid legal bases as recognized under applicable law in specific jurisdictions. See the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section below for more information.
4. Your rights and choices
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data:
a. Opting out of receiving electronic communications from us
If you wish to stop receiving marketing-related emails from us, you can opt-out by clicking the unsubscribe link included in such emails or as described
here
. We'll try to process your request(s) as quickly as reasonably practicable. However, it's important to note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we retain the right to communicate with you about the Services you receive (like support and important legal notices) and our Business Users might still send you messages or instruct us to send you messages on their behalf.
b. Your data protection rights
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process about you as a data controller:
The right to request confirmation of whether Stripe is processing Personal Data associated with you, the categories of personal data it has processed, and the third parties or categories of third parties with which your Personal Data is shared;
The right to request access to the Personal Data Stripe processes about you (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe rectify or update your Personal Data if it's inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated;
The right to request that Stripe erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances as provided by law (
Learn More
);
The right to request that Stripe restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Stripe is considering another request you've submitted (for instance, a request that Stripe update your Personal Data);
The right to request that we export the Personal Data we hold about you to another company, provided it's technically feasible;
The right to withdraw your consent if your Personal Data is being processed based on your previous consent;
The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data if we are processing your data based on our legitimate interests; unless there are compelling legitimate grounds or the processing is necessary for legal reasons, we will cease processing your Personal Data upon receiving your objection (
Learn More
);
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising these rights; and
The right to appeal any decision by Stripe relating to your rights by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
, and/or relevant regulatory agencies.
You may have additional rights, depending on applicable law, over your Personal Data. For example, see the Jurisdiction-specific provisions section under United States below.
c. Process for exercising your data protection rights
To exercise your data protection rights related to Personal Data we process as a data controller, visit our
Privacy Center
or contact us as outlined below.  For Personal Data we process as a data processor, please reach out to the relevant data controller (Business User) to exercise your rights. If you contact us regarding your Personal Data we process as a data processor, we will refer you to the relevant data controller to the extent we are able to identify them.
5. Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of your Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical, and administrative measures designed to protect the Personal Data covered by this Policy from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse.
Learn More
. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
We encourage you to assist us in protecting your Personal Data. If you hold a Stripe account, you can do so by using a strong password, safeguarding your password against unauthorized use, and avoiding using identical login credentials you use for other services or accounts for your Stripe account. If you suspect that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for instance, you believe that your Stripe account's security has been compromised), please
contact us
immediately.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as we continue to provide the Services to you or our Business Users, or for a period in which we reasonably foresee continuing to provide the Services. Even after we stop providing Services directly to you or to a Business User that you're doing business with, and even after you close your Stripe account or complete a transaction with a Business User, we may continue to retain your Personal Data to:
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
Enable fraud monitoring, detection, and prevention activities; and
Comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, including when such retention is required by our contractual agreements with our Financial Partners (and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you've used).
In cases where we keep your Personal Data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations imposed by applicable law.
Learn More
.
6. International Data Transfers
As a global business, it's sometimes necessary for us to transfer your Personal Data to countries other than your own, including the United States. These countries might have data protection regulations that are different from those in your country. When transferring data across borders, we take measures to comply with applicable data protection laws related to such transfer. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests from officials, such as law enforcement or security authorities.
Learn More
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom ("UK"), or Switzerland, please refer to our
Privacy Center
for additional details. When a data transfer mechanism is mandated by applicable law, we employ one or more of the following:
Transfers to certain countries or recipients that are recognized as having an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under applicable law.
EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can obtain a copy of the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.
Learn More
.
Other lawful methods available to us under applicable law.
Stripe, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and as applicable.
Learn More
.
Stripe’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”) and Privacy Rules for Processor (“PRP”) systems. These systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating economies. Where CBPR and/or PRP are recognized as a valid transfer mechanism under applicable law, Stripe will transfer Personal Data in accordance with the CBPR and PRP certifications Stripe has obtained. More information about the framework can be found
here
and
here
. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
. To view the status of our certifications, please click
here
(CBPR) and
here
(PRP).
7. Updates and notifications
We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our privacy practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” legend at the top of this Policy indicates when this Policy was last materially revised. Any changes are effective the latter of when we post the revised Policy on the Services or otherwise provide notice of the update as required by law.
We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are an End User or Representative, by contacting you through your Stripe Dashboard, email address and/or the physical address listed in your Stripe account.
8. Jurisdiction-specific provisions
Australia
. “Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under applicable privacy laws in Australia, including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) as amended from time to time.
If we use personal information to make automated decisions that could reasonably be expected to significantly affect your rights or interests, we will provide the legally required information and transparency via our
Privacy Center
, and/or on a case by case basis.
If you are an Australian resident and dissatisfied with our handling of any complaint you raise under this Policy, you may consider contacting the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Brazil
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO Adi Gilad at dpo@stripe.com. Brazilian residents, for whom the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (“LGPD”) applies, have rights set forth in Article 18 of the LGPD.
Canada
. As used in this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”), the Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63, in British Columbia, the Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5, in Alberta, and the Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (“Quebec Private Sector Act”), in Quebec.
Learn more.
“Personal Data” includes “personal information” as defined under those laws.
Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer is the person in charge of personal information, including under the Quebec Private Sector Act.  You may contact them via email at privacy@stripe.com.  When Stripe collects Personal Data belonging to Canadian (including Quebec) residents, it transfers that data to data centers in the United States.  When Stripe relies on service providers to process Personal Data as described herein, those service providers may also be located outside of Canada or Quebec.
You have the right to request access or rectification of the Personal Data Stripe holds related to you or to withdraw any consent given to the processing of such personal data.  You may exercise those rights by contacting Stripe’s Chief Privacy Officer at privacy@stripe.com.  If you are an End Customer, you should contact the Business User with which you transacted to exercise your rights.
EEA and UK
. You may exercise your rights by contacting our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If you are a resident of the EEA or the Stripe entity accountable for your Personal data is otherwise subject to the GDPR, and you believe our processing of your information contradicts the GDPR, you may direct your questions or complaints to the Irish Data Protection Commission. If you are a resident of the UK, direct your questions or concerns to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office. You also have additional rights under the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Learn More
.
India
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“DPDPA”) once the DPDPA enters into effect. Further, the term “data controller” includes “data fiduciaries,” and the term “data subject” includes “data principal,” both as defined in the DPDPA.
In some cases, and as permitted under the DPDPA, we may rely on “legitimate use” as a legal basis. For example, we might do so when you voluntarily provide your Personal Data to us. Where we are required to obtain your explicit and informed consent, we will do so on a case by case basis. “Consent Managers” as defined under the DPDPA may submit a request to revoke or provide consent using the methods described in the Contact Us section below, or as set out in the following paragraph, or via other means made available by Stripe in the future. We may ask for proof of authorization and identity before processing such a request.
You have the right to contact Stripe to nominate another individual, who may, in the event of your death or incapacity, exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy and under the DPDPA and implementing regulations.
In certain cases, you may be asked to consent to the collection and processing of your Aadhaar number by Stripe India Private Limited and/or its third party verification partner(s). The purpose of this collection is to facilitate the identification verification process as required under applicable laws. Your provision of Aadhaar details is purely voluntary, and you may provide other identification documents as may be accepted by us from time to time. You will not be denied service merely for not submitting Aadhaar details.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding the processing of your Personal Data in India, or if you want to receive this Policy or communicate with us about privacy in one of India’s official languages, please
contact our Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Learn More
. Alternatively, you may contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. If we are unable to address your complaint or grievance, you have the right to escalate the matter to the Data Protection Board of India.
Indonesia
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes Law No. 11 of 2008 as amended by Law No. 19 of 2016 on Electronic Information and Transactions, Government Regulation No. 71 of 2019 on the Implementation of Electronic Systems and Transactions, and Minister of Communication and Informatics Regulation No. 20 of 2016 on Personal Data Protection in Electronic Systems, and from September 2024, Law No. 27 of 2022 concerning Personal Data Protection (“PDP Law”). If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Japan
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”). When we transfer Personal Data of data subjects in Japan to jurisdictions not recognized as ‘adequate’ by the Personal Information Protection Commission, we enter into written agreements with any third parties located outside of Japan. These written agreements provide rights and obligations equivalent to those provided under the Japanese Act on the Protection of Personal Information. For more information on how we ensure that third parties protect your data and where your data is located, please see above or contact us as described below. For a description of foreign systems and frameworks that may affect the implementation of equivalent measures by the third party, see
here
. In some cases, and as permitted under the APPI, we may rely on “public interest” as a legal basis, such as fraud detection and loss prevention.
Malaysia
. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Singapore
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (“PDPA”) (No. 26 of 2012) as amended from time to time. In some cases, and as permitted under the PDPA, we may rely on “deemed consent” as a legal basis. For example, we do so when you voluntarily provide your personal data to us. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com.
Switzerland
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (“FADP”), as revised. To exercise your rights under the FADP, please contact our DPO at dpo@stripe.com. You may also have additional rights under the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Learn More
.
Thailand
. In this Policy, “applicable law” includes the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (“PDPA”). If we rely on certain legal bases (such as “legal obligation” or “contractual necessity” and you do not provide us with your Personal Data, we may not be able to lawfully provide you services. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please contact our DPO at
dpo@stripe.com
. Where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards for the cross-border transfer of Personal Data from Thailand, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as adapted for Thailand data transfers in accordance with the Notification of the Personal Data Protection Committee on Criteria for the Protection of Personal Data Sent or Transferred to a Foreign Country Pursuant to Section 29 of the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 B.E. 2566 (2023).
United States
. If you are a consumer located in the United States (“US”), we process your personal information in accordance with US federal and state privacy laws. For additional  details, please review the information below and see our additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures
here
. Stripe uses cookies, including advertising cookies, as described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Your Rights and Choices
. As a US consumer and subject to certain limitations under US privacy laws, you may have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Data.  In addition to the
above rights
, you may also have the rights listed in this section. Please see our Privacy Center to
learn more
about data subject rights metrics and
learn more
about the laws under which these rights may apply.
Exercising the right to know: You have a right to request additional information about the categories of personal information collected, sold, disclosed, or shared; purposes for which this personal information was collected, sold, or shared; categories of sources of personal information; and categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or shared this personal information.
Exercising the right to opt-out from a sale or sharing: We do not transfer your personal data to third parties in exchange for payment. However, as noted above, we may provide the data to third party partners, such as advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our products and Services to you. Because these third parties may use the data Stripe provides for their own purposes, Stripe's provision of data to these parties may be considered a data “sale” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising) as those terms are defined under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. You can opt out of targeted advertising and any related data “sales” or “sharing” (for behavioral advertising)
here
.
Exercising the right to limit the use or sharing of Sensitive Personal Information: We do not sell or share (for behavioral advertising) Sensitive Personal Information as defined by US privacy laws and have not done so in the past 12 months. Learn more about our collection and use of Sensitive Personal Information over the last 12 months
here
.
Profiling with legal or similarly significant effects
: In the event that we engage in profiling or automated decision making for which applicable law entitles you to an opt out we will provide you with notice of how to exercise that opt-out right.
Appeal
: If you wish to appeal any of our decisions regarding a rights request under US privacy laws, you may do so by contacting Stripe’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@stripe.com
.
To submit a request to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that rights under some U.S. state laws do not apply to Personal Data we collect, process, and disclose when you act as a consumer to obtain financial products or services from Stripe for personal, family, or household purposes. The federal Gramm-Leach Bliley Act may govern how Stripe shares and protects that data instead. See our
US Consumer Privacy Notice
below for more information.
We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your identity, including name, address, transaction history, photo identification, and other information associated with your account.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable US privacy laws. Your agent may submit a request on your behalf by contacting us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and confirm that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Global Privacy Control signals
. Stripe honors the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out preference signals.
Learn More
.
9. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy, please
contact us
. If you are an End Customer (i.e., an individual doing business or transacting with a Business User), please refer to the privacy policy or notice of the Business User for information regarding the Business User’s privacy practices, choices and controls, or contact the Business User directly.
10. US Consumer Privacy Notice
The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and obtains financial services from Stripe primarily for your own personal, family, or household purposes.
Last updated: January 16, 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES STRIPE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.  Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.  Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.  Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
• Social Security Number
• Contact details
• Account balances and transaction history
• Payment, transaction, and purchase information and history
When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Stripe chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Stripe Share?
Can you limit this sharing
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and Services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don’t share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don’t share
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data not collected through Financial Connections)
Yes
Yes
For nonaffiliates to market to you  (for data collected through Financial Connections)
No
We don’t share
To limit our sharing
Login to your Link account at
app.link.com/settings
and toggle off data sharing from the Messaging menu.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Contact us at privacy@stripe.com or visit us at https://support.link.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Stripe, Inc., Stripe Payments Company, and their affiliates that provide consumers services in the U.S.
What we do
How does Stripe protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse we use security measures to comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.  We impose access controls along with ongoing monitoring to prevent data misuse, and we require our service providers to take similar steps to protect your information.
How does Stripe collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
• open a Link account;
• ask Stripe to process a payment for goods or services;
• provide bank account information to Stripe using Financial Connections
We also collect your personal information from others, such as affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
• sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
• affiliates from using your information to market to you
• sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See the Other Important Information section below for more information on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Our affiliates include companies operating under the Stripe name, such as Stripe Technology Europe, Ltd. and Stripe Payments UK, Ltd.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
• Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf, Business Users with which you choose to transact, partners with which we share data to provide you with services, and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks, who assist us in advertising our Services to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies we partner with to provide you with financial services.
Other important information
Vermont: If your account with us is associated with a Vermont billing address, we will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures.  For joint marketing, we will only disclose your name, contact information, and information about your transactions.  Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found in our
Privacy Policy
and
Privacy Center
.
California: If your account with us is associated with a California billing address, we will not disclose Personal Data we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law.  For instance, we may disclose your Personal Data as necessary to process transactions or provide products and services you request, at your instruction, as required for institution risk control, and to safeguard against fraud, identity theft, and unauthorized transactions.
For additional information about our privacy practices, please visit the
Stripe Privacy Center
.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.affirm.com/privacy:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
We're glad you're here!
Would you like to see what Affirm offers in your region?
Go to the  page
Stay here
We care about your privacy.
Cookies are used to enhance your site experience.
Learn more.
Manage my preferences
Accept all cookies
Your privacy
Functional cookies
Targeting cookies
Performance cookies
Strictly necessary cookies
Your privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and it’s mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information usually does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.  We respect your right to privacy, which means you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on each category heading to learn more and change the default settings. Please note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Read more about Cookie Notices and Consent
Functional cookies
Active
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting cookies
Active
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you choose not to allow these cookies, you’ll experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance cookies
Active
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you don’t allow these cookies, we won’t know when you’ve visited our site, nor will we be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary to the website’s functionality and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to your service requests, such as updating your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not work as a result.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 10
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom