Linea
Draw and take notes with ease.
Privacy Policy
The Iconfactory respects your privacy. The following is a quick explanation of when and why we might collect your data and what we do with it.
This policy went into effect on March 31, 2020.
What We Collect
The Iconfactory does not collect personal information on this website or within the Linea app.
Linea uses Apple Inc.'s billing software to process purchases through the iTunes Store. As a result, you may be asked to provide personal information to Apple Inc. in order to complete a financial transaction. The Iconfactory does not have access to any of this information.
Linea also uses Apple Inc.'s iCloud software to manage your drawings and other data. You may be asked to provide personal information when logging into this system. The Iconfactory does not have access to any of this information.
The Iconfactory collects anonymous usage information that helps us improve Linea. This information includes statistics about which tools and features are used most frequently. These analytics cannot be tracked back to an individual user or device.
The Iconfactory also collects information that you send directly to us (for example, when seeking support, sending us questions or comments, or reporting a problem).
What’s Private
The communications you send to us will be kept private (unless sent in a public forum such as Twitter). If we want to use something you've said in private, such as for marketing purposes, we will ask for your permission.
We do not share personal information with third parties.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when doing so is deemed necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement, to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect our legal rights.
Uses of Your Personal Information
We take securing your data and preserving your privacy very seriously.
We do not and will not sell your data.
On request, we will delete any personal information about you. The information used and held by the app is inaccessible to us, and can be deleted at any time by uninstalling the app. If you're using iCloud, you can also manually delete the Linea folder.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the personal information about you that we may hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
We will protect all information we receive in accordance with this privacy policy.
Changes to this privacy policy will posted on our website.
Linea is available on iPad, iPhone, and Mac.
Learn more...