Publisher
Iwo Koslowsky
Tännesberger Weg 3
32278 Kirchlengern
Deutschland
E-Mail-Adresse:
support@coinfolio.info
Übersicht der Verarbeitungen
Die nachfolgende Übersicht fasst die Arten der verarbeiteten Daten und die Zwecke ihrer Verarbeitung zusammen und verweist auf die betroffenen Personen.
Arten der verarbeiteten Daten
Bestandsdaten (z.B. Namen, Adressen).
Inhaltsdaten (z.B. Eingaben in Onlineformularen).
Kontaktdaten (z.B. E-Mail, Telefonnummern).
Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten (z.B. Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen).
Nutzungsdaten (z.B. besuchte Webseiten, Interesse an Inhalten, Zugriffszeiten).
Vertragsdaten (z.B. Vertragsgegenstand, Laufzeit, Kundenkategorie).
Zahlungsdaten (z.B. Bankverbindungen, Rechnungen, Zahlungshistorie).
Kategorien betroffener Personen
Geschäfts- und Vertragspartner.
Interessenten.
Kommunikationspartner.
Kunden.
Nutzer (z.B. Webseitenbesucher, Nutzer von Onlinediensten).
Zwecke der Verarbeitung
Büro- und Organisationsverfahren.
Feedback (z.B. Sammeln von Feedback via Online-Formular).
Marketing.
Kontaktanfragen und Kommunikation.
Profile mit nutzerbezogenen Informationen (Erstellen von Nutzerprofilen).
Erbringung vertragliche Leistungen und Kundenservice.
Verwaltung und Beantwortung von Anfragen.
Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Wir treffen nach Maßgabe der gesetzlichen Vorgaben unter Berücksichtigung des Stands der Technik, der Implementierungskosten und der Art, des Umfangs, der Umstände und der Zwecke der Verarbeitung sowie der unterschiedlichen Eintrittswahrscheinlichkeiten und des Ausmaßes der Bedrohung der Rechte und Freiheiten natürlicher Personen geeignete technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen, um ein dem Risiko angemessenes Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten.
Zu den Maßnahmen gehören insbesondere die Sicherung der Vertraulichkeit, Integrität und Verfügbarkeit von Daten durch Kontrolle des physischen und elektronischen Zugangs zu den Daten als auch des sie betreffenden Zugriffs, der Eingabe, der Weitergabe, der Sicherung der Verfügbarkeit und ihrer Trennung. Des Weiteren haben wir Verfahren eingerichtet, die eine Wahrnehmung von Betroffenenrechten, die Löschung von Daten und Reaktionen auf die Gefährdung der Daten gewährleisten. Ferner berücksichtigen wir den Schutz personenbezogener Daten bereits bei der Entwicklung bzw. Auswahl von Hardware, Software sowie Verfahren entsprechend dem Prinzip des Datenschutzes, durch Technikgestaltung und durch datenschutzfreundliche Voreinstellungen.
SSL-Verschlüsselung (https)
: Um Ihre via unser Online-Angebot übermittelten Daten zu schützen, nutzen wir eine SSL-Verschlüsselung. Sie erkennen derart verschlüsselte Verbindungen an dem Präfix https:// in der Adresszeile Ihres Browsers.
Einsatz von Cookies
Cookies sind Textdateien, die Daten von besuchten Websites oder Domains enthalten und von einem Browser auf dem Computer des Benutzers gespeichert werden. Ein Cookie dient in erster Linie dazu, die Informationen über einen Benutzer während oder nach seinem Besuch innerhalb eines Onlineangebotes zu speichern. Zu den gespeicherten Angaben können z.B. die Spracheinstellungen auf einer Webseite, der Loginstatus, ein Warenkorb oder die Stelle, an der ein Video geschaut wurde, gehören. Zu dem Begriff der Cookies zählen wir ferner andere Technologien, die die gleichen Funktionen wie Cookies erfüllen (z.B., wenn Angaben der Nutzer anhand pseudonymer Onlinekennzeichnungen gespeichert werden, auch als “Nutzer-IDs” bezeichnet)
Die folgenden Cookie-Typen und Funktionen werden unterschieden:
Temporäre Cookies (auch: Session- oder Sitzungs-Cookies):
Temporäre Cookies werden spätestens gelöscht, nachdem ein Nutzer ein Online-Angebot verlassen und seinen Browser geschlossen hat.
Permanente Cookies:
Permanente Cookies bleiben auch nach dem Schließen des Browsers gespeichert. So kann beispielsweise der Login-Status gespeichert oder bevorzugte Inhalte direkt angezeigt werden, wenn der Nutzer eine Website erneut besucht. Ebenso können die Interessen von Nutzern, die zur Reichweitenmessung oder zu Marketingzwecken verwendet werden, in einem solchen Cookie gespeichert werden.
First-Party-Cookies:
First-Party-Cookies werden von uns selbst gesetzt.
Third-Party-Cookies (auch: Drittanbieter-Cookies)
: Drittanbieter-Cookies werden hauptsächlich von Werbetreibenden (sog. Dritten) verwendet, um Benutzerinformationen zu verarbeiten.
Notwendige (auch: essentielle oder unbedingt erforderliche) Cookies:
Cookies können zum einen für den Betrieb einer Webseite unbedingt erforderlich sein (z.B. um Logins oder andere Nutzereingaben zu speichern oder aus Gründen der Sicherheit).
Statistik-, Marketing- und Personalisierungs-Cookies
: Ferner werden Cookies im Regelfall auch im Rahmen der Reichweitenmessung eingesetzt sowie dann, wenn die Interessen eines Nutzers oder sein Verhalten (z.B. Betrachten bestimmter Inhalte, Nutzen von Funktionen etc.) auf einzelnen Webseiten in einem Nutzerprofil gespeichert werden. Solche Profile dienen dazu, den Nutzern z.B. Inhalte anzuzeigen, die ihren potentiellen Interessen entsprechen. Dieses Verfahren wird auch als “Tracking”, d.h., Nachverfolgung der potentiellen Interessen der Nutzer bezeichnet. Soweit wir Cookies oder “Tracking”-Technologien einsetzen, informieren wir Sie gesondert in unserer Datenschutzerklärung oder im Rahmen der Einholung einer Einwilligung.
Hinweise zu Rechtsgrundlagen:
Auf welcher Rechtsgrundlage wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Hilfe von Cookies verarbeiten, hängt davon ab, ob wir Sie um eine Einwilligung bitten. Falls dies zutrifft und Sie in die Nutzung von Cookies einwilligen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten die erklärte Einwilligung. Andernfalls werden die mithilfe von Cookies verarbeiteten Daten auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen (z.B. an einem betriebswirtschaftlichen Betrieb unseres Onlineangebotes und dessen Verbesserung) verarbeitet oder, wenn der Einsatz von Cookies erforderlich ist, um unsere vertraglichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen.
Speicherdauer:
Sofern wir Ihnen keine expliziten Angaben zur Speicherdauer von permanenten Cookies mitteilen (z. B. im Rahmen eines sog. Cookie-Opt-Ins), gehen Sie bitte davon aus, dass die Speicherdauer bis zu zwei Jahre betragen kann.
Allgemeine Hinweise zum Widerruf und Widerspruch (Opt-Out):
Abhängig davon, ob die Verarbeitung auf Grundlage einer Einwilligung oder gesetzlichen Erlaubnis erfolgt, haben Sie jederzeit die Möglichkeit, eine erteilte Einwilligung zu widerrufen oder der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch Cookie-Technologien zu widersprechen (zusammenfassend als “Opt-Out” bezeichnet). Sie können Ihren Widerspruch zunächst mittels der Einstellungen Ihres Browsers erklären, z.B., indem Sie die Nutzung von Cookies deaktivieren (wobei hierdurch auch die Funktionsfähigkeit unseres Onlineangebotes eingeschränkt werden kann). Ein Widerspruch gegen den Einsatz von Cookies zu Zwecken des Onlinemarketings kann auch mittels einer Vielzahl von Diensten, vor allem im Fall des Trackings, über die Webseiten
https://optout.aboutads.info
und
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
erklärt werden. Daneben können Sie weitere Widerspruchshinweise im Rahmen der Angaben zu den eingesetzten Dienstleistern und Cookies erhalten.
Verarbeitung von Cookie-Daten auf Grundlage einer Einwilligung
: Wir setzen ein Verfahren zum Cookie-Einwilligungs-Management ein, in dessen Rahmen die Einwilligungen der Nutzer in den Einsatz von Cookies, bzw. der im Rahmen des Cookie-Einwilligungs-Management-Verfahrens genannten Verarbeitungen und Anbieter eingeholt sowie von den Nutzern verwaltet und widerrufen werden können. Hierbei wird die Einwilligungserklärung gespeichert, um deren Abfrage nicht erneut wiederholen zum müssen und die Einwilligung entsprechend der gesetzlichen Verpflichtung nachweisen zu können. Die Speicherung kann serverseitig und/oder in einem Cookie (sogenanntes Opt-In-Cookie, bzw. mithilfe vergleichbarer Technologien) erfolgen, um die Einwilligung einem Nutzer, bzw. dessen Gerät zuordnen zu können. Vorbehaltlich individueller Angaben zu den Anbietern von Cookie-Management-Diensten, gelten die folgenden Hinweise: Die Dauer der Speicherung der Einwilligung kann bis zu zwei Jahren betragen. Hierbei wird ein pseudonymer Nutzer-Identifikator gebildet und mit dem Zeitpunkt der Einwilligung, Angaben zur Reichweite der Einwilligung (z. B. welche Kategorien von Cookies und/oder Diensteanbieter) sowie dem Browser, System und verwendeten Endgerät gespeichert.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Nutzungsdaten (z.B. besuchte Webseiten, Interesse an Inhalten, Zugriffszeiten), Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten (z.B. Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen).
Betroffene Personen:
Nutzer (z.B. Webseitenbesucher, Nutzer von Onlinediensten).
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a. DSGVO), Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Geschäftliche Leistungen
Wir verarbeiten Daten unserer Vertrags- und Geschäftspartner, z.B. Kunden und Interessenten (zusammenfassend bezeichnet als “Vertragspartner”) im Rahmen von vertraglichen und vergleichbaren Rechtsverhältnissen sowie damit verbundenen Maßnahmen und im Rahmen der Kommunikation mit den Vertragspartnern (oder vorvertraglich), z.B., um Anfragen zu beantworten.
Diese Daten verarbeiten wir zur Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Pflichten, zur Sicherung unserer Rechte und zu Zwecken der mit diesen Angaben einhergehenden Verwaltungsaufgaben sowie der unternehmerischen Organisation. Die Daten der Vertragspartner geben wir im Rahmen des geltenden Rechts nur insoweit an Dritte weiter, als dies zu den vorgenannten Zwecken oder zur Erfüllung gesetzlicher Pflichten erforderlich ist oder mit Einwilligung der betroffenen Personen erfolgt (z.B. an beteiligte Telekommunikations-, Transport- und sonstige Hilfsdienste sowie Subunternehmer, Banken, Steuer- und Rechtsberater, Zahlungsdienstleister oder Steuerbehörden). Über weitere Verarbeitungsformen, z.B. zu Zwecken des Marketings, werden die Vertragspartner im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung informiert.
Welche Daten für die vorgenannten Zwecke erforderlich sind, teilen wir den Vertragspartnern vor oder im Rahmen der Datenerhebung, z.B. in Onlineformularen, durch besondere Kennzeichnung (z.B. Farben) bzw. Symbole (z.B. Sternchen o.ä.), oder persönlich mit.
Wir löschen die Daten nach Ablauf gesetzlicher Gewährleistungs- und vergleichbarer Pflichten, d.h., grundsätzlich nach Ablauf von 4 Jahren, es sei denn, dass die Daten in einem Kundenkonto gespeichert werden, z.B., solange sie aus gesetzlichen Gründen der Archivierung aufbewahrt werden müssen (z.B. für Steuerzwecke im Regelfall 10 Jahre). Daten, die uns im Rahmen eines Auftrags durch den Vertragspartner offengelegt wurden, löschen wir entsprechend den Vorgaben des Auftrags, grundsätzlich nach Ende des Auftrags.
Soweit wir zur Erbringung unserer Leistungen Drittanbieter oder Plattformen einsetzen, gelten im Verhältnis zwischen den Nutzern und den Anbietern die Geschäftsbedingungen und Datenschutzhinweise der jeweiligen Drittanbieter oder Plattformen.
Angebot von Software- und Plattformleistungen
: Wir verarbeiten die Daten unserer Nutzer, angemeldeter und etwaiger Testnutzer (nachfolgend einheitlich als “Nutzer” bezeichnet), um ihnen gegenüber unsere vertraglichen Leistungen erbringen zu können sowie auf Grundlage berechtigter Interessen, um die Sicherheit unseres Angebotes gewährleisten und es weiterentwickeln zu können. Die erforderlichen Angaben sind als solche im Rahmen des Auftrags-, Bestell- bzw. vergleichbaren Vertragsschlusses gekennzeichnet und umfassen die zur Leistungserbringung und Abrechnung benötigten Angaben sowie Kontaktinformationen, um etwaige Rücksprachen halten zu können.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Bestandsdaten (z.B. Namen, Adressen), Zahlungsdaten (z.B. Bankverbindungen, Rechnungen, Zahlungshistorie), Kontaktdaten (z.B. E-Mail, Telefonnummern), Vertragsdaten (z.B. Vertragsgegenstand, Laufzeit, Kundenkategorie).
Betroffene Personen:
Interessenten, Geschäfts- und Vertragspartner.
Zwecke der Verarbeitung:
Erbringung vertragliche Leistungen und Kundenservice, Kontaktanfragen und Kommunikation, Büro- und Organisationsverfahren, Verwaltung und Beantwortung von Anfragen.
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Vertragserfüllung und vorvertragliche Anfragen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b. DSGVO), Rechtliche Verpflichtung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. c. DSGVO), Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Nutzung von Online-Marktplätzen für E-Commerce
Wir bieten unsere Leistungen auf Online-Plattformen, die von anderen Dienstanbietern betrieben werden, an. In diesem Zusammenhang gelten zusätzlich zu unseren Datenschutzhinweisen die Datenschutzhinweise der jeweiligen Plattformen. Dies gilt insbesondere im Hinblick auf die auf den Plattformen eingesetzten Verfahren zur Reichweitemessung und zum interessensbezogenen Marketing.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Bestandsdaten (z.B. Namen, Adressen), Zahlungsdaten (z.B. Bankverbindungen, Rechnungen, Zahlungshistorie), Kontaktdaten (z.B. E-Mail, Telefonnummern), Vertragsdaten (z.B. Vertragsgegenstand, Laufzeit, Kundenkategorie), Nutzungsdaten (z.B. besuchte Webseiten, Interesse an Inhalten, Zugriffszeiten), Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten (z.B. Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen).
Betroffene Personen:
Kunden.
Zwecke der Verarbeitung:
Erbringung vertragliche Leistungen und Kundenservice.
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Vertragserfüllung und vorvertragliche Anfragen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b. DSGVO), Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Kontaktaufnahme
Bei der Kontaktaufnahme mit uns (z.B. per Kontaktformular, E-Mail, Telefon oder via soziale Medien) werden die Angaben der anfragenden Personen verarbeitet, soweit dies zur Beantwortung der Kontaktanfragen und etwaiger angefragter Maßnahmen erforderlich ist.
Die Beantwortung der Kontaktanfragen im Rahmen von vertraglichen oder vorvertraglichen Beziehungen erfolgt zur Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Pflichten oder zur Beantwortung von (vor)vertraglichen Anfragen und im Übrigen auf Grundlage der berechtigten Interessen an der Beantwortung der Anfragen.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Bestandsdaten (z.B. Namen, Adressen), Kontaktdaten (z.B. E-Mail, Telefonnummern), Inhaltsdaten (z.B. Eingaben in Onlineformularen).
Betroffene Personen:
Kommunikationspartner.
Zwecke der Verarbeitung:
Kontaktanfragen und Kommunikation.
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Vertragserfüllung und vorvertragliche Anfragen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. b. DSGVO), Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Onlinemarketing
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten zu Zwecken des Onlinemarketings, worunter insbesondere die Vermarktung von Werbeflächen oder Darstellung von werbenden und sonstigen Inhalten (zusammenfassend als “Inhalte” bezeichnet) anhand potentieller Interessen der Nutzer sowie die Messung ihrer Effektivität fallen kann.
Zu diesen Zwecken werden sogenannte Nutzerprofile angelegt und in einer Datei (sogenannte “Cookie”) gespeichert oder ähnliche Verfahren genutzt, mittels derer die für die Darstellung der vorgenannten Inhalte relevante Angaben zum Nutzer gespeichert werden. Zu diesen Angaben können z.B. betrachtete Inhalte, besuchte Webseiten, genutzte Onlinenetzwerke, aber auch Kommunikationspartner und technische Angaben, wie der verwendete Browser, das verwendete Computersystem sowie Angaben zu Nutzungszeiten gehören. Sofern Nutzer in die Erhebung ihrer Standortdaten eingewilligt haben, können auch diese verarbeitet werden.
Es werden ebenfalls die IP-Adressen der Nutzer gespeichert. Jedoch nutzen wir zur Verfügung stehende IP-Masking-Verfahren (d.h., Pseudonymisierung durch Kürzung der IP-Adresse) zum Schutz der Nutzer. Generell werden im Rahmen des Onlinemarketingverfahren keine Klardaten der Nutzer (wie z.B. E-Mail-Adressen oder Namen) gespeichert, sondern Pseudonyme. D.h., wir als auch die Anbieter der Onlinemarketingverfahren kennen nicht die tatsächlich Identität der Nutzer, sondern nur die in deren Profilen gespeicherten Angaben.
Die Angaben in den Profilen werden im Regelfall in den Cookies oder mittels ähnlicher Verfahren gespeichert. Diese Cookies können später generell auch auf anderen Webseiten die dasselbe Onlinemarketingverfahren einsetzen, ausgelesen und zu Zwecken der Darstellung von Inhalten analysiert als auch mit weiteren Daten ergänzt und auf dem Server des Onlinemarketingverfahrensanbieters gespeichert werden.
Ausnahmsweise können Klardaten den Profilen zugeordnet werden. Das ist der Fall, wenn die Nutzer z.B. Mitglieder eines sozialen Netzwerks sind, dessen Onlinemarketingverfahren wir einsetzen und das Netzwerk die Profile der Nutzer mit den vorgenannten Angaben verbindet. Wir bitten darum, zu beachten, dass Nutzer mit den Anbietern zusätzliche Abreden, z.B. durch Einwilligung im Rahmen der Registrierung, treffen können.
Wir erhalten grundsätzlich nur Zugang zu zusammengefassten Informationen über den Erfolg unserer Werbeanzeigen. Jedoch können wir im Rahmen sogenannter Konversionsmessungen prüfen, welche unserer Onlinemarketingverfahren zu einer sogenannten Konversion geführt haben, d.h. z.B., zu einem Vertragsschluss mit uns. Die Konversionsmessung wird alleine zur Analyse des Erfolgs unserer Marketingmaßnahmen verwendet.
Solange nicht anders angegeben, bitten wir Sie davon auszugehen, dass verwendete Cookies für einen Zeitraum von zwei Jahren gespeichert werden.
Hinweise zu Rechtsgrundlagen:
Sofern wir die Nutzer um deren Einwilligung in den Einsatz der Drittanbieter bitten, ist die Rechtsgrundlage der Verarbeitung von Daten die Einwilligung. Ansonsten werden die Daten der Nutzer auf Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen (d.h. Interesse an effizienten, wirtschaftlichen und empfängerfreundlichen Leistungen) verarbeitet. In diesem Zusammenhang möchten wir Sie auch auf die Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies in dieser Datenschutzerklärung hinweisen.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Nutzungsdaten (z.B. besuchte Webseiten, Interesse an Inhalten, Zugriffszeiten), Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten (z.B. Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen).
Betroffene Personen:
Nutzer (z.B. Webseitenbesucher, Nutzer von Onlinediensten).
Zwecke der Verarbeitung:
Marketing, Profile mit nutzerbezogenen Informationen (Erstellen von Nutzerprofilen).
Sicherheitsmaßnahmen:
IP-Masking (Pseudonymisierung der IP-Adresse).
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Einwilligung (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a. DSGVO), Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Widerspruchsmöglichkeit (Opt-Out):
Wir verweisen auf die Datenschutzhinweise der jeweiligen Anbieter und die zu den Anbietern angegebenen Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten (sog. “Opt-Out”). Sofern keine explizite Opt-Out-Möglichkeit angegeben wurde, besteht zum einen die Möglichkeit, dass Sie Cookies in den Einstellungen Ihres Browsers abschalten. Hierdurch können jedoch Funktionen unseres Onlineangebotes eingeschränkt werden. Wir empfehlen daher zusätzlich die folgenden Opt-Out-Möglichkeiten, die zusammenfassend auf jeweilige Gebiete gerichtet angeboten werden:a) Europa:
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
b) Kanada:
https://www.youradchoices.ca/choices
.
c) USA:
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
.
d) Gebietsübergreifend:
https://optout.aboutads.info
.
Eingesetzte Dienste und Diensteanbieter:
Google Analytics:
Onlinemarketing und Webanalyse; Dienstanbieter: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland, Mutterunternehmen: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Website:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/intl/de/about/analytics/
; Datenschutzerklärung:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
; Widerspruchsmöglichkeit (Opt-Out): Opt-Out-Plugin:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
, Einstellungen für die Darstellung von Werbeeinblendungen:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
Präsenzen in sozialen Netzwerken (Social Media)
Wir unterhalten Onlinepräsenzen innerhalb sozialer Netzwerke und verarbeiten in diesem Rahmen Daten der Nutzer, um mit den dort aktiven Nutzern zu kommunizieren oder um Informationen über uns anzubieten.
Wir weisen darauf hin, dass dabei Daten der Nutzer außerhalb des Raumes der Europäischen Union verarbeitet werden können. Hierdurch können sich für die Nutzer Risiken ergeben, weil so z.B. die Durchsetzung der Rechte der Nutzer erschwert werden könnte.
Ferner werden die Daten der Nutzer innerhalb sozialer Netzwerke im Regelfall für Marktforschungs- und Werbezwecke verarbeitet. So können z.B. anhand des Nutzungsverhaltens und sich daraus ergebender Interessen der Nutzer Nutzungsprofile erstellt werden. Die Nutzungsprofile können wiederum verwendet werden, um z.B. Werbeanzeigen innerhalb und außerhalb der Netzwerke zu schalten, die mutmaßlich den Interessen der Nutzer entsprechen. Zu diesen Zwecken werden im Regelfall Cookies auf den Rechnern der Nutzer gespeichert, in denen das Nutzungsverhalten und die Interessen der Nutzer gespeichert werden. Ferner können in den Nutzungsprofilen auch Daten unabhängig der von den Nutzern verwendeten Geräte gespeichert werden (insbesondere, wenn die Nutzer Mitglieder der jeweiligen Plattformen sind und bei diesen eingeloggt sind).
Für eine detaillierte Darstellung der jeweiligen Verarbeitungsformen und der Widerspruchsmöglichkeiten (Opt-Out) verweisen wir auf die Datenschutzerklärungen und Angaben der Betreiber der jeweiligen Netzwerke.
Auch im Fall von Auskunftsanfragen und der Geltendmachung von Betroffenenrechten weisen wir darauf hin, dass diese am effektivsten bei den Anbietern geltend gemacht werden können. Nur die Anbieter haben jeweils Zugriff auf die Daten der Nutzer und können direkt entsprechende Maßnahmen ergreifen und Auskünfte geben. Sollten Sie dennoch Hilfe benötigen, dann können Sie sich an uns wenden.
Verarbeitete Datenarten:
Kontaktdaten (z.B. E-Mail, Telefonnummern), Inhaltsdaten (z.B. Eingaben in Onlineformularen), Nutzungsdaten (z.B. besuchte Webseiten, Interesse an Inhalten, Zugriffszeiten), Meta-/Kommunikationsdaten (z.B. Geräte-Informationen, IP-Adressen).
Betroffene Personen:
Nutzer (z.B. Webseitenbesucher, Nutzer von Onlinediensten).
Zwecke der Verarbeitung:
Kontaktanfragen und Kommunikation, Feedback (z.B. Sammeln von Feedback via Online-Formular), Marketing.
Rechtsgrundlagen:
Berechtigte Interessen (Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f. DSGVO).
Eingesetzte Dienste und Diensteanbieter:
Twitter:
Soziales Netzwerk; Dienstanbieter: Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 D02 AX07, Irland, Mutterunternehmen: Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA; Datenschutzerklärung:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
, (Einstellungen)
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
Änderung und Aktualisierung der Datenschutzerklärung
Wir bitten Sie, sich regelmäßig über den Inhalt unserer Datenschutzerklärung zu informieren. Wir passen die Datenschutzerklärung an, sobald die Änderungen der von uns durchgeführten Datenverarbeitungen dies erforderlich machen. Wir informieren Sie, sobald durch die Änderungen eine Mitwirkungshandlung Ihrerseits (z.B. Einwilligung) oder eine sonstige individuelle Benachrichtigung erforderlich wird.
Sofern wir in dieser Datenschutzerklärung Adressen und Kontaktinformationen von Unternehmen und Organisationen angeben, bitten wir zu beachten, dass die Adressen sich über die Zeit ändern können und bitten die Angaben vor Kontaktaufnahme zu prüfen.
Erstellt mit kostenlosem Datenschutz-Generator.de von Dr. Thomas Schwenke
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen