Introduction
This notice describes how Trader Acquisition Corp. (“TabTrader”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collect, use, store and share (i.e. process) your personal information. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at
support@tab-trader.com
.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (www.tabtrader.com) (the “Website”), our TabTrader mobile application (the “App”), and any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy notice as the "Services"). When you use our Website, App or Services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue the use of our Website, App or Services.
Table of contents
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
Will your information be shared with anyone?
Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
How do we handle your third-party logins?
External links
How long do we keep your in formation?
How do we keep your information safe?
Do we collect information from minors?
What are your privacy rights?
Do we update this policy?
How can you contact us?
What information do we collect?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you disclose to us such as name, email address, passwords and security data.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when accessing our Website or when you register in the App, when participating in activities on the Website or the App (such as posting) or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us via the Website, and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect includes the following:
Username and Contact Data. We collect your email address and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect login names, passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
Third-Party Logon Data. We provide you with the option to register using your Google Account or Apple ID account details. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the Information described in section 5 about Third Party Logins below.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Website and App.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our Website and App. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Website and App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Website and App, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many companies, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. For more information about the cookies we use, please read section 4 below.
Information collected through our App
In Short: We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information. We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings. Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address. Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Information collected from other sources
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, social media platforms, and other outside sources.
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, your Google Account or Apple ID account, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: marketing leads, search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
How do we use your information?
In Short: We process your information for the fulfillment of our contract with you, for purposes based on our legitimate business interests, for compliance with our legal obligations, or your with consent.
We process your personal information collected via our Website and App for a variety of business purposes described below.
Contractual obligation
In relation to the fulfillment of our services agreement with you, we use your personal information:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. We will process your personal information such as your name, email address and logon credentials to create and manage your account in order for you to use our Services.
To fulfill and manage your orders, trades, balances and exchanges. We may use your personal information (collected through automated API keys) to fulfill and manage your orders, trades, account balance on the relevant exchanges through our App.
To provide customer service. We will process your personal information when you contact us about our Services.
Legitimate business interests
Where our legitimate business interests require this, we process your personal information:
To protect our Website and App. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website and App safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies. We may need to process your personal information in order to monitor your account and compliance with our terms, conditions and policies.
To monitor and improve our Services. We may process your personal information for analytical purposes. In particular by looking at how they are used, by testing alternatives and by learning from feedback you have provided to us.
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
For other legitimate business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Website and Services.
Consent
Where you have given us your consent, we process your personal information:
To allow third-party logins. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google Account or Apple ID), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and the logon process.
To deliver targeted advertising to you. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. For more information, read more about Cookies in section 4 below.
To process payments for our Services: We may use your credit card details in order to process payments with your consent. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
To post testimonials about our Services. We post testimonials on our Website and App that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
support@tab-trader.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Legal obligations
Where our legal obligation so require, we process your personal information:
To send administrative information to you. We may use your personal information to send you required information about our Services and information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a court summons or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
Will your information be shared with anyone?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court summons, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a summons (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital interests and legal rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Contractors, consultants and other third-party service providers. We may share your data with third party service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Website and App, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Website and App over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Website and App. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website and App that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Please read more about cookies in section 4 below. TabTrader may share users advertising ID with its network of advertiser partners. Advertising ID sharing is handled in accordance with your mobile OS guidelines and can be disabled in device's preferences. By opting out from sharing advertising ID users make ads served to them less relevant.
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
With your consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose but will only do so with your explicit consent.
Offer Wall. Our App may display a third-party hosted “offer wall.” Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall may appear in our mobile application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information. When you click on an offer wall, you will leave our mobile application. A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.
Do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies (and similar tracking technologies like web beacons and pixels, collectively referred to below as “Cookies”) to access or store information. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, to allow certain functionality or analytics. In particular, we use the following:
Operational and functional cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Website and App and use its features. Without operational Cookies, certain functionalities (such as remembering your login details or trade history) cannot be provided. Functional Cookies remember choices you make such as the country you visit from, and language and search parameters.
Please check your browser or device settings (and help pages) for instructions on how to delete these Cookies. Please note that by deleting these types of Cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
Analytical Cookies
These cookies collect information on how our Website and App is used. In particular we use Firebase to help us understand how customers arrive at, browse or use our Website and App and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, trading, customer support and marketing.
Please check your browser or device settings (and help pages) for instructions on how to delete these Cookies.
Advertising cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. These cookies are placed by third party advertising networks. In particular we use Google AdMob and BuyandSellAds or similar. They remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers.
How do we handle your third-party logins?
In Short: If you choose to register or log in to our Website and App using a Google Account or Apple ID, we may have access to certain information about you.
Our Website and App offer you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (your Google Account or Apple ID). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile Information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name and e-mail address, age, as well as other information you choose to make public.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the Website and App. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their Website and App and apps.
External links
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third-party providers who advertise, but are not affiliated with, our webWebsite and App.
The Website and App may contain advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other sites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Website and App. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
How long do we keep your information?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 3 months past the termination of your account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
How do we keep your information safe?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will provide our best effort to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Website and App is at your own risk. You should only access our Services within a secure environment.
Do we collect information from minors?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Website and App, you confirm that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Site and App. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at
support@tab-trader.com
.
What are your privacy rights?
In Short: TabTrader allows you to access to and to exercise control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
The right to withdraw you consent
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
The right to review or change you account information
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Other legal rights
Applicable data protection laws allow you to exercise certain rights in relation to the personal information processed by us. These include:
the right to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information
the right to request rectification or erasure
the right to restrict the processing of your personal information; and if applicable
the right to data portability
To make such a request, please use the contact details provided in section 12 below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If these rights apply, they may however be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, would infringe the rights of another person or legal entity (including our rights), or if you ask us to delete or change data which we are required by law to keep (or have other compelling legitimate interests in keeping). We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
Do we update this policy?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How can you contact us?
If you have questions or comments about our privacy policy or our Services, please contact us via the contact details below:
Trader Acquisition Corp.
Address: Keizersgracht 482, 1017EG Amsterdam
Email address: support@tab-trader.com