terms and conditions
Your Privacy at Phoenix Games LLP
Phoenix Games and all its related entities consider privacy to be of the utmost importance, which is why we would never invade it. This Privacy Policy covers the manner in which it collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Games or Application. This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Phoenix Games. This includes any services, features and content accessible or downloadable from
http://www.phoenixgames.in
, and (ii) any other Phoenix application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by such users through third party websites or sources, including Google Play Store and iOS App Store
Collecting Information
When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. Phoenix may collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. This can include instances such as
- By using Phoenix’s mobile apps or visiting our websites,
- Registration for Services, contests and special events;
- Accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services;
- Purchasing a product or services through "in-app purchase"
- Using “tell a friend,” "email this page," “share this code” or other similar features;
- Requesting technical support; and
- Otherwise through use of Phoenix Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The data we collect on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID, IP-address, user names and passwords. We may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services. Any information collected will only be used to enhance your game play experience and will never be misused in any manner.
Social Media
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and take actions while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate Social Media Services in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of these services and tools is a free choice of each user. It's not necessary to use these services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
If you use one of our applications and connect to your Facebook or other Social Media account within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications. In addition, we will cache data we receive from the Facebook or other Social Media APIs to improve our user experience.
This information is used solely to connect to the Social Media and allow users to display their data on the game accounts as their username, etc. This also allows Users to complete their actions such as sent request to their friends, connect and play with their friends, share information on their walls or timelines, etc.
This information is voluntarily provided by the user when they connect the app to their social media accounts. If you do not want to share this data with us, please refrain from connecting the app with your social media accounts. If you want us to delete the data we have received from your accounts, please contact us for the same.
Information Usage
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App.
Develop new apps, sites and services.
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you.
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App.
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to us collecting and using the information, as well as the processing and transferring of the information as deemed necessary.
Storage of information
Phoenix will store your personal data for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the App or otherwise fulfill the purposes as described above. The information will be stored further if it is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable law, including accounting rules.
Your personal data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer serves one of the above mentioned purposes and in any event no later than three (3) years after your interaction with Phoenix has ceased.
Sharing Your Information
We may share Your Information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship such as ad networks and analytics providers. The information shared with these third parties may be used for industry analysis, tracking ad conversions or demographic profiling.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how the Service is used. These third parties have access to Your Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and may not use Your Information for any other purpose. We may also provide Your Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you.
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App.
List of advertising partners used in
As set out in our Privacy Policy, the following advertising partners are integrated into some or all of our games. These advertising partners may process personal data of our end users in accordance with their own privacy policies. The links to the third party privacy policies below were last checked on 30- 4- 2019.
AdMob (Google)
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Data Deletion Instructions
this game is a using facebook login and we do not save your personal data in our server. According to Facebook policy, we have to provide User Data Deletion Instructions URL.
If you want to delete your activities for this App, you can remove your information by following these steps:
1. Go to your Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Click “Settings”
2. Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook.
3. Search and Click this game in the search bar.
4. Scroll and click “Remove”.
5. Congratulations, you have succesfully removed your app activities.
Disclosing Information
We may disclose the personal information we hold about you in the following circumstances:
If we are required or authorized to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;
To our business partners in the course of providing our Products and Services to you, or generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organizations that provide services to us, such as payment processors or hosting services
To avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or disclosure.
Information You Generate Using Our Services
Phoenix Games LLP saves your Email address, Device ID that you provide on login to serve you a good service. We have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
(i) Update and develop player profiles and improve the service and player experience
(ii) Manage our relationship with you
(iii) Provide social features as part of the Service
(iv) Customize your service experience
(v) Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
(vi) Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
(vii) Enable you to communicate with other players We do not sell your data “Email address” to anyone.
If you choose to use communication features in Phoenix Games LLP Services that allow you to communicate or share information with other players (Eg. Using chat feature), then we do not collect or save information on what is communicated or shared. If Phoenix Games LLP get complaints from Users, Phoenix Games LLP have full rights to conduct research and review your Information you Generate Using Our Services and take necessary actions related to your behavior and Blocking your account to use our services.
Children's’ Privacy
We hereby prohibit Kids from actively and directly providing us with any personal information. If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and believe your child has provided us with any personal information, please contact us at contact@phoenixgames.in and we will delete such information from our servers.
Phoenix Games may collect and maintain the information described in Section 3, directly or through certain products or services, solely for providing support for Phoenix Games internal operations as permitted under applicable laws and rules (described in greater detail below).
Third party providers of certain products or services operating on our behalf, such as advertising networks, analytics services etc. (“Third Parties”) may passively collect and maintain information about Users. Such Third Parties are carefully selected by Phoenix Games to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, this Privacy Policy and the rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act, including but not limited to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule 16 C.F.R. Part 312) (“COPPA”) and the policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider (such as Apple or Google) in performance of their services for Phoenix Games.
We included an age-gate in certain Apps to prevent access to specific features to Users who did not pass the age gate for protection of Kids (e.g. restricting behavioral advertising, information sharing by Kids, or the option to accept push notifications)..
Non-personal Information:
Phoenix Games and Third Parties may passively collect non-identifiable and anonymous information as detailed below (“Non-personal Information”). To put it simply, with respect to such Kids Non-personal Information, Phoenix Games and the Third Parties are not aware of the identity of the User from whom Kids Non-personal Information has been collected. Kids Non-personal Information collected by either Phoenix Games or Third Parties may include technical information such as: type and version of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), User session ID, time zone, session start / stop time, source of traffic (e.g. which ads, sites, applications and campaigns a User came from and associated revenue), App version, language (e.g. English), device type/model (e.g. Galaxy, iPhone, etc.), data regarding User behavior within Kids Apps (e.g. ad impressions, User’s response to ads, including ads viewed or clicked), User’s in-app purchases including data regarding receipt validation, User’s game play (e.g. level reached, frequency and time spent in the Kids App and in each level, game progress, fail rate, mini game(s) played, virtual currency (if any) collected or earned, virtual inventory items (if any), tools and in-app functionalities used, screens accessed, User retention, performance errors and problems (e.g. Kids Apps’ stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and other predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific ad and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc.), other Phoenix Games Apps installed, User age-related information (if a User passes an age-gate i.e. if the User is below or above the age of 13), and geo-location – only at a country and city level. It is hereby clarified that no street name is collected.
Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier and No Other Kids personal identifiable information:
Phoenix Games and Third Parties may passively collect a persistent device identifier from Kids, such as advertising identifier (IDFA, Advertising ID), randomly generated User ID and IP address (“Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier”). This is processed for the limited purposes of supporting the internal operations of the Kids Apps. In the case of IP addresses, we keep these for 1 week for error logs, then delete them. Phoenix Games does not collect and does not permit Third Parties to collect from Kids any information that may personally identify an individual (e.g. name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a private and/or sensitive nature about the Kids. We note that Phoenix Games may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider’s policies.
Phoenix Games does not link any additional personally identifiable information to the Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier, even from other services. Phoenix Games does not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning Kids.
Information gathered through the Kids Apps “Ask a Question” or “Support” type of a feature:
If a Kid e-mails a question to Phoenix Games, using the “Ask a Question” or “Support” type of a feature which may be available within the Kids Apps, Phoenix Games may respond to such question by using the Kid’s e-mail address. Promptly after responding (or, at Phoenix Games discretion, not responding) to such question, Phoenix Games will delete the Kid’s e-mail address.
Purpose of the collection: The information described above is collected and processed solely for the purpose of supporting Phoenix Games internal operations. This means the following:
providing and improving Kids Apps as well as ensuring proper functioning of the Apps and services;
maintaining or analyzing the functioning of the Kids Apps and services;
authenticating Users (e.g. verify the User’s identity when he/she interacts with advertisements or acquires in-app purchases);
personalizing content and enhancing User experience;
performing network communications;
protecting the security or integrity of Users, Kids Apps and services;
serving contextual advertisements;
capping the frequency of advertising;
ensuring legal or regulatory compliance;
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is the Information about our Users of Kids Apps being collected?
The Non-personal Information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier are collected either by Phoenix Games or by Third Parties through the Users’ use of the Kids Apps, including through Third Parties’ SDKs embedded in our Kids Apps. Non-personal Information and the Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier may also be stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Kids Apps, such as “cookies-like technology” and local storage
If Third Parties collect Non-personal Information, Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier and/or any other information directly from Kids, such collection and processing is governed by such Third Parties’ privacy policies and not by this Privacy Policy. However, all Third Parties are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider in performance of services for Phoenix Games.
Sharing Kids information with third parties
We may share the Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier only in limited cases, including the following:
to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
to enforce this Kids Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Phoenix Games, its Users, suppliers, licensors, and/or licensees, or the general public;
when Phoenix Games is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, in which case it may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned; and/or
pursuant to the approval of a Kid’s legal guardian, in order to supply certain services that such legal guardian or the User of the Kids Apps may have requested from the Company.
To clarify, Phoenix Games may transfer and disclose Kids Non-personal Information to third parties at its discretion.
In-app Purchase
Some of our products and Services offer in-app purchases for certain features or items, such as in-game currency against real money. It is not necessary to make any in app purchases to win prizes or effectively use the apps. There is no cap on the number of in app purchases you can make and you acknowledge and agree that you are fully responsible for managing your in app purchases and the amount you spend on in app purchases within our app. If you do not want to make in-app purchases, please do not use these options and consider disabling them on your device.
Making an in-app purchase may require you to share personal identification information with us. If any private information is shared through Google Play during purchases, it is stored and secured by Google. We only receive the Order ID or Transaction ID and the Receipt Data, which we store as a record of the transaction on our end. Same applies for transactions on Apple ID.
It should also be noted that the purchase of these features and in-game currency, such as virtual coins, cash, gold, gems and diamonds, points, etc. last only for the duration of the app or game. If you choose to uninstall the game or app, these features and coins will cease to exist, and are not transferable. These virtual items subsequently cannot be exchanged into real money or refunded. You understand that you do not own Virtual Items, but acquire a limited license to use Virtual Items according to the specific Game’s game play.
Advertising
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties for ad serving technologies who may use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
We and these entities may use various identifiers to collect information about your use of the App, including but not limited to your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, time zone and usage information.
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App.
Third-party ad serving technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, please do not use or access the App.
Analytics
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for the purpose of analytic services by us or our partners and contractors. We may employ third parties to provide analytics services for us. We and these entities may use certain methods to collect information in order to provide analytics.
The information collected may include your use of the App, including your, device type, brand and model, IP address, device identifiers, such as Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, Internet and on-line usage information, in-game information, geo-location, country, time zone and usage information.
This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App.
Third-party analytics technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access the App.
Third Party Links
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services (“Linked Sites”). The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or practices. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked Sites may collect information about you, and may use and disclose that information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide app-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Storage and Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in our possession. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. However, in case of such a scenario, we will notify you as soon as we know, and no later than 72 hours since such an event.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us at support@phoenixgames.in. We process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, including information about:
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
The envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted in case of intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of interest rule of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified. Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
If you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing.
If you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
The personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed or the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
GDPR Compliance Statement
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 2018. The GDPR aims to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and will replace the European Privacy Directive and national legislations accordingly.
Phoenix understands the importance of customer data and welcomes the arrival of the GDPR. At Phoenix Games, we believe that customers are the most important part of our business and the success of our company builds on the trust that our customers, employees and other stakeholders have in our ability to deliver premier quality including the protection of personal information.
Phoenix Games services complies with all applicable parts of the GDPR.
Any consent you may give or choose to withhold in relation to the GDPR shall apply to all services (games and website) provided by Phoenix Games LLP as part of the phoenixgames.in domain.
The following are key aspects of the GDPR, and how it relates to Phoenix Games LLP.
What is the GDPR
The GDPR is the General Data Protection Regulation established by the European Union.
At its core, GDPR is a new set of rules designed to give EU citizens more control over their personal data. It aims to simplify the regulatory environment for business so both citizens and businesses in the European Union can fully benefit from the digital economy.
Follows EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC). For more information, please see eugdpr.org.
Key Aspects of GDPR
There are 4 aspects to the GDPR that Phoenix Games LLP has considered as part of our GDPR compliance:
The right to data portability
Individuals have the right to a copy of all the personal data that controllers have regarding him or her. It also must be provided in a way that facilities reuse.
At any time, users may request any date we store on their behalf by contacting us via email on contact@phoenixgames.in
The right to be forgotten
This gives individuals the right to have certain personal data deleted so third parties can no longer trace them. Phoenix Games LLP does not store any personal data, only authentication tokens to Facebook. Those tokens can be invalidated by removing the game app according to these instructions by Facebook.
Since we currently do not store any PII directly, and the only way to link game state and analytics data collected with a particular user is via their Facebook Access Token, simply removing the Phoenix Games LLP game app from the users’ Facebook profile will anonymized any information we hold. This will happen instantly, the moment the user removes our app.
Privacy by Design
This helps to facilitate the inclusions of policies, guidelines, and work instructions related to data protection in the earliest stages of projects including personal data.
This aspect does not apply to Phoenix Games LLP.
Data Breach Notifications
Controllers must report personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours after having become aware of it. If there is an high risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjects, they must also notify the data subjects.
Phoenix Games LLP has an escalated process in order to ensure the security of user data. Information about whether or not user data has been part of a breach is available upon request.
GDPR Compliance for Phoenix Games LLP
To Understand the position of Phoenix Games LLP in the compliance of GDPR, it is important to understand the actors. These actors are:
Data Controller
is the individual or the legal person who controls and is responsible for the keeping and use of personal information on a computer or in structured manual files.
Data Processor
in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. “processing”, in relation to information or data means. obtaining, recording or holding the information or data.
Data Subject
means an individual who is the subject of personal data. In other words, the data subject is the individual whom particular personal data is about.
GDPR and Phoenix Games LLP
The following are key elements of our GDPR Compliance:
We do not process personal data on behalf of the Customer and we don’t have access to any personal data in our customer’s systems (Customer Personal Data). Moreover, Phoenix is not able to monitor the processing of Customer Personal Data in our customer’s systems.
What personal data do we collect/store?
At Phoenix we collect two types of data on our users; passive and active. Passive collection is the data that is collected when users play games, whether on their mobile device or the web. This data is collected using Google Analytics or similar and contains the following information:
IP address
approximate geographical location
session duration
in-game activity
This data does not contain any personally identifying information. Our active data collection is currently limited to high scores and game information, such as coins collected. We allow users to log in using their Facebook account, and from their Facebook account we store the following:
User Access Token: we simply use this token to identify a user from one play session to the next. We do not gain access to any details about the user.
As such we don't store any data that can be used to identify and track an individual. The user access token can be invalidated at any time by removing our app from the users Facebook profile.
How does Phoenix Address GDPR
Data Access Control
The controller shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures for ensuring that by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed.
Monitoring of Access Activities
Each controller and where applicable, the controllers representative, shall maintain a record of processing activities under its responsibilities
Data Encryption
Organizations must implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including the pseudonymization and encryption of personal data
Strong Compliance Framework
Appropriate technical and organizational measures may need to include “the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the processing systems and services
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance.
Acceptance of the terms
By using any of the Services offered by Phoenix Games and by giving the company consent, Users agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you also consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by Phoenix Games  in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
Policy Updates
We reserve the right to revise, modify and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These updates, will take effect from the date of issue on the Site. Please check back regularly for updates. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issues please contact us at: contact@phoenixgames.in
Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address: contact@phoenixgames.in and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. You can also write to us at: Phoenix Games LLP, 525- Ambey Valley Arcade, Opp. Santosha Heights, Utran, Surat GJ 394105 IN.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
ENG
Log In
Create Account
Oh no... We can't find the page you are looking for
Seems like you've tried to reach a page that doesn't exist.
Back To Safety
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools