Find Doctors
Dermatologist
Gynecologist
Psychiatrist
Psychologist
Urologist
General Physician
Gastroenterologist
Pediatrician
General Practitioner
Nutritionist
Hospitals
Hospitals in Lahore
Hospitals in Karachi
Hospitals in Islamabad
All Hospitals (City wise)
Surgeries
Medicines
All Medicines
Medicine Delivery
Shop
Labs
Chughtai Lab
Dr. Essa’s Laboratory & Diagnostic Center
Excel Labs
All Labs
Blog
Forum
Join as Doctor
Login
Term Of Use
Privacy Policy
Payment Term
Refund Policy
Cancenllation Policy
Delivery Policy
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Marham Collects
Security Control
Permissions
Account Deletion
Tracking Technologies
Cookies
Third-Party Disclosure
Email Spam
Copyrights
Data Theft
Disclaimer
Contact Marham
Marham - Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: December 01, 2020
Marham Is Protecting Your Privacy And We Take Great Care Of Patient’s Information. This Policy Will Define How We Use And Protect Your Data. If You Have Any Questions, Feel Free To Contact Us At Info@Marham.Pk Thank You For Choosing Marham.
Introduction
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use, share, disclose and protect Personal Information about the Users of the Services, including the Practitioners, the End-Users (as defined in terms of use), and the visitors of Website (jointly and severally referred to as "you" or "Users" in this Privacy Policy). We created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy and personal information. Your use of and access to the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning attributed to it in our Terms of Use. Marham.pk ("us," "we," or "Marham") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers, visitors, and other users of Marham.pk (the "Site") and related websites, applications, services and mobile applications provided by Marham. We created this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to give you confidence as you use the Services and demonstrate our commitment to protecting privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other digital healthcare service that you may be able to access through the Services or any website or digital services of Marham's business partners. Each may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that may materially differ from this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy governs your use of the Services. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning in the Agreement.
                    BY USING THE SERVICES OR BY OTHERWISE GIVING US YOUR INFORMATION, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE PRIVACY POLICY. YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO OUR SERVICES, USE AND SHARING, DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, DO NOT USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR GIVE US ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION. IF YOU USE THE SERVICES ON BEHALF OF SOMEONE ELSE (SUCH AS YOUR CHILD) OR AN ENTITY (SUCH AS YOUR EMPLOYER), YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORISED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO (I) ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL’S OR ENTITY’S BEHALF, AND (II) CONSENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO OUR SERVICES, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SUCH INDIVIDUAL’S OR ENTITY’S INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Do you collect personal information from your users?
Yes, we collect personal information from your users.
What kind of personal information do you collect from users?
First Name and Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Mailing Address
When do we collect information?
We collect the said information when you register on our site through the web or via the Marham app.
How secure is my personal information?
Our website is scanned regularly for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular Malware Scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Also, all sensitive/credit information you supply may be encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
How Marham Collects, Uses and Shares User's sensitive data?
Permissions we need:
Camera
Marham will use your camera to enable you:
- To have a video call with the doctor.
- Take pictures of reports/prescriptions and share them with the doctor.
- Take pictures of reports/prescriptions and save them in your medical record.
- Take picture of the prescription and attach it for booking Lab Test.
- Take picture of the prescription and attach it for booking Medicine Delivery.
- Post questions at the Marham health forum.
Gallery
Marham will use your Gallery to enable you:
- Share reports/prescription with Doctor & EMR.
- Save reports/prescription in your Medical Record.
- Attach prescription for booking Lab Test.
- Attach prescription for booking Medicine Delivery.
- Post question at Marham health forum.
Storage
Marham will use your storage to enable you:
- Share reports/prescriptions with the doctor.
- Save reports/prescriptions in your medical record.
- Attach prescription for booking Lab Test.
- Attach prescription for booking Medicine Delivery.
Location
Marham will use your location to enable you:
- To give a Lab Test home sample at your doorstep.
- Get medicines delivered to your doorstep.
Camera and Microphone
Marham will use a Camera and Microphone to enable you:
- To take video consultations from the doctor.
Microphone
Marham will use a Microphone to enable you:
- To send audio notes to the doctor in chat.
Access phone calls that help you to
Marham will use your Phone Call permission to enable you:
- To call Marham’s helpline for your assistance.
Display over other apps
Marham will use Display over other apps to enable you to:
- To get notified when doctor calls you for video consultation.
Account Deletion
You can request to delete your account by emailing us at
info@marham.pk
or calling our helpline
0311-1222398
. Once the request is processed your account will be deleted and the data will be removed permanently.
Account Retention
You can login to your account again by using the same credentials, but since the data was deleted earlier, you will login as a new user and unable to access old data.
Does your website/app send emails or newsletters to users?
Yes, users can opt-in to receive newsletters and emails from us.
Do you use any digital analytics software for tracking purposes?
Yes, we use tracking solutions to measure website/app traffic.
Does your website/app show ads?
No
Tracking Technologies: Which of the following does your website/app use or plan to use?
Google Maps APIs
Cookies and/or web beacons
How do we use your information?
Make a purchase
Sign up for our email list or newsletter
For a survey or marketing campaign
Surf the website
How do we use your information?
To personalize your website experience and offer you content and products as per your inclinations.
To amend and update our website to better serve you.
To respond to customer service inquiries appropriately.
To manage rating and reviews of website.
To identify and register doctors on our website.
To verify doctor's registrations with PMC.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process information.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted and licensed third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won't affect the user's experience that makes your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still make appointments.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, share or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with the advance written notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses and purposes. .
Third-party links
We do offer third party services which are labeled as such.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
It is advised to visit the following link:
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in future.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Email SPAM
We do not spam and only collect your email address in order to:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Copyrights
All the content, images, graphics, text, videos (Including YouTube videos), material, structure and its arrangement is property of Marham and protected under the copy right laws. Reproducing or copying any of its part or whole of site is therefore illegal. Any person or organization found guilty will be dealt as per law. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Changes to Privacy Policy and Disclaimer:
If we happen to change our policy or disclaimer statement we will be sharing it here on the page to keep you updated of amendments.
Data Theft
All data contained by the website and application is collected by Team Marham. We own complete rights of this data and legal action would be taken if we found any instance of theft of data.
Changes in the privacy policy
Marham may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without advance notice. In the event there are significant changes in the way Marham treats User's Personal Information, Marham will display a notice on the Website or send users an email. If a User uses the Service after notice of changes have been sent to such user or published on the website, such user hereby provides his/ her/ its consent to the changed practices.
Contact Marham
If there are any ambiguities or queries regarding this privacy policy, Contact us here:
Marham.pk, Lahore, 54000 Punjab, Pakistan
info@marham.pk
Account Deletion
For account deletion, Contact us here:
Phone # :- 042-32591427
Email:- info@marham.pk
×
0311-1222398
042-32591427
Available: 15/7 For Your Service
The doctor's assistant is here to help you
Call to book an appointment or for any queries
Call 0311-1222398
Call 042-32591427
Available: 09:00 AM - 11:00 PM
Lahore
Karachi
Islamabad
Multan
Peshawar
Faisalabad
Sargodha
Quetta
Locate
Search
We are here to help you :)
Feel free to call our helpline
Number
Available: 09:00 AM - 11:00 PM
Pay online for physical appointment & get 10% Relief
×
Locate
Search
×
Call Here:
Call 042-32591427
Call 0311-1222398
×
We use necessary cookies to make our site work for you. By using our site, you acknowledge that you have understood our
Cookie Policy
I Agree
×
Call Helpline