Privacy Policy
Introduction
“Renzym” or “We” refers to Renzym Private Limited with its registered office in Rawalpindi/Islamabad, Pakistan. The services We provide are the joint efforts of us and each of Our branches, affiliates and partners across the globe.
“You” refers to registered users of Our Products, Our website and purchasers of paid services. “Our Products” include software products and services in connection with the software products We provide. Software Products We provide include “Renzym SDR Framework (RSF)”, “WhatMatters”, “PiKid Puzzles”, “ToDoiT”, “PTI - Pakistan Tehreek e Insaf”, “@Elections2012”, “Ask Halal”, “ScanX” and other products mentioned at Renzym’s website at following URLs;
https://renzym.com
Changes To The Privacy Statement
We may occasionally update this privacy statement. When We do, We will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the privacy statement. We encourage You to periodically review this privacy statement to be informed of how Renzym is protecting Your information. The current version of the Privacy Policy is always accessible at:
https://renzym.com/privacy/
Objective Of Data Protection
Data protection concerns personal data. Such data comprises individual details about personal or factual circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person. This includes details such as the name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number, but possibly also usage data. Usage data is data required for or generated from the use of the Our Products or website, such as details about the start, end and scope of the use of Our products or website.
Applicable Scope Of Terms And Conditions
Thank You for choosing to use Our Products and services. You may get Our services in various ways. We hope You have a clear understanding of how We collect and use information and what kind of measures You may take to protect Your privacy through the Privacy Policy. When You use Our Products or services, You consent the application of this Privacy Policy to You. If You don’t agree to Our Privacy Policy, please do not use Our Products and services. If You have begun using Our Products and services, please stop it immediately. Your use of Our Products and services signifies You consent to Our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy offers answers to the following questions:
What kind of information We may collect and why We collect such information;
How We use the information;
The options We provide You with, including how to have access to, update and control information;
Your obligations in respect of privacy protection; and
Information security.
Type And Mean Of Information Collected
Information You Submit
1. Registration information You submit
At the time You register Your CC account or CS account, in order to identify the user and facilitate contact, You shall provide the real and effective information such as Email address or mobile phone number, etc.. You understand and agrees that under necessary circumstances (e.g. to sign out account, etc.), We may identify you based on Your registration information, so as to prevent any other person from using Your identity to operate fraudulently which will affect Your normal use of Our Products and services.
2. Data information You uploaded
The data information You may upload when using Our services is the personal information of others and may related to the privacy of others. You shall guarantee that You have obtained the necessary authorization to upload such data information. You will be required to make proper setting so as to prevent leakage of the same to jeopardize the interests of the right holders. And You shall not make related information public without authorization. INTSIG will not disclose the data information You upload to the public without authorization.
The Information We Obtain during Your Use of Our Services
In order to provide better services to You, we may record and analyze the use and the method of use of Our services and any other relevant information, including hardware model, operating system version, system activities and other device information, Internet Protocol address, account sign-in or sign-out, clicks of advertisements and other log information, as well as Web Beacons or Cookie information, etc.
Access To, Review And Update Of Personal Information
You may review or change Your personal information, however, for the sake of security, You may only do so after you log in. In case of any changes to Your personal information, You shall timely log in toYour account for an update.
Cancellation Of Personal Account
You may contact us to cancel Your account. After cancel, we are not obliged to keep and offer information under Your account.
Social Plug-Ins
We have integrated social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google, Instagram, WhatsApp etc (together hereinafter referred to as “Social Plug-Ins“), some or all, in some of Our Products. When entering our website, the respective Social Plug-Ins may transmit the following data to their corresponding service providers;
Date and time of your visit to our website
the Apps Internet address or URL
technical data about the IP address and the browser and operating system you use and
your user ID number if you’re logged onto Facebook, Twitter or Google. When you click on the Social Plug-In your social network may show that you prefer Our Product. These data are stored by respective social network.
For further information about duration, scope and purpose of the data storage please check with your corresponding social network provider i.e. Facebook, Twitter and Google etc.
Copyright Notice And Terms Of Use
Permission to use Information (such as product information, press releases, fact sheets and FAQs) from this website or Our Products is granted: (1) provided that the Renzym copyright notice appears in all copies; (2) use of such Information from this server is for informational and noncommercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media; and (3) no modifications to any Information are made.
Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law and may result in civil and criminal penalties. All information on this website and Our Products is provided on an as-is basis. Renzym makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy and correctness of the information. In no event shall Renzym be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from the use of this information. The Renzym logo and all of Renzym’s product logos are registered trademarks of Renzym. All other products are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Copyright Notice And Terms Of Use
Permission to use Information (such as product information, press releases, fact sheets and FAQs) from this website or Our Products is granted: (1) provided that the Renzym copyright notice appears in all copies; (2) use of such Information from this server is for informational and noncommercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media; and (3) no modifications to any Information are made.
Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law and may result in civil and criminal penalties. All information on this website and Our Products is provided on an as-is basis. Renzym makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy and correctness of the information. In no event shall Renzym be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from the use of this information. The Renzym logo and all of Renzym’s product logos are registered trademarks of Renzym. All other products are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Information Collection
Renzym will only collect personally identifiable information (such as a name, title, company name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) that is voluntarily provided through Our website or e-mail correspondence. We will collect general information (such as the type of browser used, the files requested, and the domain name and country requesting the information) to improve Our website/products and better meet customer needs.
Use Of Information
Renzym collects Your information in order to record, support, and facilitate Your participation in the activities You select and to prevent fraud and unlawful use. If You subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register Your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if You enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact You regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information may also be used to track customer preferences to provide a customized Site/Product experience and keep You informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other Renzym products and services, unless You have opted not to receive such communication or such communication is prohibited by law.
Before collecting any personally identifiable information We will provide an explanation regarding possible use of the data. The information supplied will be used by Renzym to respond to inquiries, supply requested information on Renzym products and services, or track orders placed with Renzym authorized third parties, may be utilized by Renzym to collect, track, and process such information. If You have submitted personal information to Renzym electronically and would like it removed or modified, please contact us. We will take reasonable efforts to comply with Your request.
We may communicate information to You regarding products, services, and special offers available from Renzym, unless You have opted not to receive such communication or such communication is prohibited by law.
There are other instances in which Renzym may divulge Your personal information, such as when required by law, regulation, or litigation. We may also disclose information about You if We determine that such disclosure should be made for reasons of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
Our Website And Cookies
Some of Our webpages may utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used for setting a key on Your browser that links to the current state of Your web session. The purpose of the cookie is to let us know when Customers visit Our website and where Customers visit. Some cookies and other technologies may be associated with Customers’ Personal Information provided during an earlier visit. Website functionality requiring a login will utilize cookies. Other tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses (additional detail below), operating types, browser software, clickstream data, and timeframes of when the website is accessed.
Most commercially available Internet browsers allow users to block cookies; however, doing so may limit Your ability to access certain portions of Our website.
When visiting Our website, each file request is logged by Our web server. The information gathered includes the name of the file requested, time of the request, and the IP address of the machine requesting the file. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the website, track website movement, and gather non-individually identifying demographic information.
Other Important Information
Our website or Products may contain links to other websites. We do not endorse or otherwise accept responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those websites.
Unsolicited Correspondence Or Junk Mails
If You make Your relevant information publicly available (e.g. contact information), You may receive unsolicited information from any other users, such as emails, SMS, etc.
Sharing Of Personal Information
Unless otherwise provided herein, We will not share Your personal information with any entity other than Renzym or affiliates, partners or solution providers without Your consent, and in particularly We will not sell, lease or otherwise distribute Your information. As a portion of Our services may be provided to You as a result of Our cooperation with above-mentioned relevant companies, You consent to Our provision of Your information to the foregoing relevant companies for the purpose of providing You with corresponding services. We share Personal Information with intermediaries such as credit card companies, banks, or fulfillment centers. Intermediaries serve solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use this Personal Information for any secondary purpose other than to provide the contracted service. We may also share Personal Information with other contractors or service providers who use the information solely to provide the requested service to Renzym and for no other purpose.
Finally, We will disclose Personal Information as required to enforce or protect Our legal rights with respect to a Partner or Reseller, or as required by court order, subpoena, or other operation of law.
Privacy Protection After Bankruptcy/Sale/Merger
If We sell the assets of the company, merge with another business entity or apply for bankruptcy, the information We collect in operating services may be transfered as part of Our assets, and the new company after merger may continue to use these information as required by laws and as provided in the Privacy Policy.
Information Security
We take various security technologies and measures to protect the information and data stored in systems against authorized access, use or disclosure of the same. For instance, the safe channel for information You send through Our Products or website to us is protected by TLS (Transport Layer Security, which is the update edition of SSL, with 2048-bit RSA and 256-bit AES encryption), and the information You have stored in the server is safeguarded with AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) 256-bit encryption, a bank-grade security standard. Specific technical measures will be adjusted from time to time with the technical and business development.
Risks And Exemption
If Your personal information or privacy is disclosed due to any of the following events, We will use Our best efforts to remedy or assist You, provided, however, that You shall agree that We are not liable:
Information divulged due to computer virus, trojan and hacker attack;
Personal information to be provided as required by law or relevant governments;
Personal information disclosed because You tell Your password to or share Your registered account with others; or
Any other leakage of personal information which is not ascribable to Renzym.
Contact Information
Renzym welcomes Your comments regarding this privacy statement. If You have questions about this statement or believe that We have not adhered to it, please contact us by sending an e-mail to legal@renzym.com. Privacy/Legal, Renzym Private Limited, Abasyn University, 2nd Floor, Park Road, Chak Shahzad, Islamabad, Pakistan 44000. +92-51- 8356095.