Effective Date:
June 12, 2024
Data Privacy Contact:
legal@intelex.com
Our Commitment to Privacy
Intelex Technologies ULC and our subsidiaries and affiliates are firmly committed to preserving your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this privacy statement (“Statement”) explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this Statement easy to find, we make it available on our homepage, on the corporate information portion of our website and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
We reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time and will update the Website with the most recent version of this Statement. It is your responsibility to review this Statement to ensure that you are familiar with the most current provisions. If any changes are material, we may provide additional notice and/or opportunity to “opt-in” as appropriate.
Scope of this Statement
This Statement applies to the Intelex.com website, including all sub-pages and any amendments to the site (the “
Website
”). This Statement also applies to all software, SaaS and services we offer through our Website, including free trials of our software, review our products and requests to receive materials (collectively referred to as the “
Services
”).
This Statement does not apply to any website, product or service of any third-party company even if the website links to or from our Website. We do not operate or control those websites, products or services and are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of these other websites. You should check the policy statement of these other websites to determine whether you wish to share your personal information with them.
By using our Website, you are accepting our practices as described in this Statement. Your continued use of the Website will signify acceptance of this Statement.
The Information We Collect
This Statement applies to all information collected or submitted on the Website. Based on the activity you perform on Website, we collect different types of information. Personal Information refers to any information that can be used to identify a specific person, or any information (e.g. IP address) that is linked to a specific person. Personal Information does not include information that has been aggregated or made anonymous such that it can no longer be reasonably associated with a specific person. On some pages, you can register to receive Services. The types of Personal Information collected at these pages are:
Name
Title
Company
Address
Email address
Phone number
We use this information to:
To
provide the Services and personalize your experience
To communicate with you about the Services
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services
Customer support
For safety and security
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your visits and requests and to save your registration information including name, address, phone number and email address so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. The following information is stored in cookies and our webserver logs about any visits to our Website:
Your IP address
The type of Internet browser and the operating system of the computer you use to access the site
The date and time you visit the site
The pages you visit on the site
If you linked to our site from another website, and the address of that website
If you linked to the site from a search engine, the address of that search engine and the search term you used.
We use this information to help identify you and your session, to gather broad demographic information, to help diagnose problems with our server, to measure web traffic and usage activity on our Website and to administer our Website.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request for a Service to provide you with the Service.  We use email addresses to answer the email we receive and to process your request.  We use phone numbers to contact you to follow up on your request.  We may also use the information you provide to further contact you to discuss your interest in our company, the Services that we provide, and send you information regarding our company and partners such a promotions and events. We do not share any of this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the Service (for instance, a request for information pertaining to an Intelex partner).
You can register with our Website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Each newsletter contains an unsubscribe link should you wish to no longer receive the newsletter. You will not be added to any Intelex email list, or any other mailing list, without your consent (identified as a radio option button on the form, which by default is set to OFF).
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and advertising campaigns. For example, we may calculate that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of people resulted in requesting information, and Z number did not, but we do not share any information with advertising or marketing firms that could disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
Intelex does not sell or rent your Personal Information to marketers or third parties.
We may share your Personal Information with trusted third parties who are integral to the operation of our Website and Services including Intelex partners, payment processors, verification services, as well as any third parties that you have directly authorized to receive your Personal Information.
We may store your Personal Information in locations outside the direct control of Intelex, for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers.
We may disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement, government officials, or other third parties if we are compelled to do so by subpoena, court order or other legal process.  We must do so to comply with laws, statutes, rules or regulations, or if we believe in good faith that the disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity, or to investigate violations of our terms and conditions.
We share information we have about you with Fortive, our parent company and other Fortive corporate affiliates in order to operate and improve products and services and to offer other Fortive-affiliated services to you. This includes companies listed
here.
We may share or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Choice and Opt-Out
You can elect not to provide Personal Information, but this may limit your ability to use our Services. You can also opt-out of email communications by clicking on the unsubscribe link included in such communications.
You may wish to opt out of having cookies set in your browser by deleting all cookies and disallowing further acceptance of cookies. Note that disabling cookies on your browser prevents us from tracking your activities in relation to the Website and Services. This may also disable many of the features available through our Websites and Services.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal Information for a child under 18, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Online Forums
The Website may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. These are public venues and any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose information on these venues.
We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through these online forums or other areas of our Website. Please note that any information or material sent to us will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending us any information or material, you grant us an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that we are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or company’s name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to do so, (b) we first notify you with the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this Website will be published or otherwise used with your identifying information on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.
Third-Party Vendor Advertising
Third party vendors, including Google, show Intelex ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to Intelex’s website. These ads are based on Google’s use of cookies.
To opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” downloads page (
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page (http:youronlinechoices.eu)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
).
In the mobile environment, most mobile operating systems offer device-based opt-out choices that are transmitted to companies providing interest-based advertising. To set an opt-out preference for a mobile device identifier (such as Apple’s IDFA or Android’s GAID), visit the device manufacturer’s current choice instructions pages, or read more about sending signals to limit ad tracking for your operating system here: http:/www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices.
Please note that these settings must be performed on each device (including each web browser on each device) for which you wish to opt-out, and if you clear your cookies or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out preferences.
EU Data Protection Directive Considerations
European Union (EU) law allows personal data to flow outside the EU only if there is an adequate level of protection in the country of destination or if a number of specific exceptions apply. On December 20, 2001, the European Commission recognized that the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) provides adequate protection for certain personal data transferred from the EU to Canada. This will allow EU operators to send certain personal data to recipients in Canada subject to the Canadian Act, without additional safeguards being needed to meet the requirements of the EU Data Protection Directive. For more information, visit:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/adequacy-decisions_en
European Union, Switzerland, and United Kingdom Resident Data Subject Rights
We respect your rights and control over your personal data. You may exercise any of the following rights by using this
web form
, or emailing us at
legal@intelex.com
. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity for security purposes before taking further action on your request.
Right of Access - the right to be informed of and request access to the personal data we process about you;
Right to Rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to Erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data;
Right to Restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data;
Right to Object - the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation; the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes; and
Right to Data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service.
Data Privacy Framework
Intelex Technologies U.S. Inc. (Intelex US), a subsidiary of Intelex Technologies, ULC, complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intelex US has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Intelex US has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Intelex US is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Intelex US complies with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intelex US’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, Intelex US may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intelex US commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information.  Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intelex US at:
legal@intelex.com
.
Intelex US commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
California Consumer Privacy Act Considerations
This Privacy Notice applies to Intelex’s collection and use of United States Residents’ Personal
Information, particularly where such use or collection is governed by the California Consumer Privacy Act.  Although the CCPA applies to Personal Information of individuals that are residents of California, Intelex may as a courtesy extend some of the CCPA’s requirements to the Personal Information of residents of the United States of America more broadly.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully because it provides important information and explains your rights. Please visit this website from time to time, as we may update our notice for changes in the law or our data practices.  If you have any questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your privacy rights, we invite you to contact us by any of the methods listed at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
If you have provided your Personal Information to Intelex when communicating or transacting with us on behalf of your employer or another business, you can exercise the following rights:
Your Right to Request Disclosure Of Information We Collect And Share About You
We are committed to ensuring that you know what information we collect about you.  You can submit a request to us for the following information, with respect to Personal Information we have collected:
The categories of Personal Information we’ve collected about you.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purposes for which we collected or sold the Personal Information.
The third parties with whom we shared the information.
The specific pieces of information we collected.
Your Right to Ask Us Not To Sell Your Personal Information
Intelex does not sell or rent your Personal Information to marketers or third parties.
We Are Committed to Honoring Your Rights
We are committed to providing Consumers control over their Personal Information.  If you exercise any of the rights explained in this Privacy Notice, we will continue to treat you fairly.
How do we keep your Personal Information secure?
We implement and maintain reasonable security appropriate to the nature of the personal information that we collect, use, retain, transfer or otherwise process.  Our reasonable security program is implemented and maintained in accordance with applicable law and relevant standards as outlined in the report issued by the California Attorney General in February 2016, available at
https://oag.ca.gov/sites/all/files/agweb/pdfs/dbr/2016-data-breach-report.pdf
.
Specifically, among other safeguards, our reasonable security program implements and maintains all 20 of the Center for Internet Security’s Critical Security Controls for Effective Cyber Defense identified in Appendix A of the California Attorney General Report. As noted in that report, “there is no perfect security,” and reasonable security is a process that involves risk management rather than risk elimination.  While we are committed to developing, implementing, maintaining, monitoring and updating a reasonable information security program, no such program can be perfect; in other words, all risk cannot reasonably be eliminated. Data security incidents and breaches can occur due to vulnerabilities, criminal exploits or other factors that cannot reasonably be prevented.  Accordingly, while our reasonable security program is designed to manage data security risks and thus help prevent data security incidents and breaches, it cannot be assumed that the occurrence of any given incident or breach results from our failure to implement and maintain reasonable security.
Requests for Specific Pieces of Personal Information
We will ask you for at least three pieces of Personal Information and endeavour to match those to information we maintain about you.  Additionally, we require that you provide a declaration attesting to your identity, signed under penalty of perjury.
If we are unable to verify your identity with the degree of certainty required, we will not be able to respond to the request.  We will notify you to explain the basis of the denial.  Additionally, we will treat the request as one seeking disclosure of the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you and endeavour to verify your identity using the less-stringent standards applicable to such requests.
Requests for Categories of Personal Information Collected About You
We will ask you for at least two pieces of Personal Information and endeavour to match those to information we maintain about you.
If we are unable to verify your identity with the degree of certainty required, we will not be able to respond to the request.  We will notify you to explain the basis of our denial.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions, complaints or concerns about our privacy practices
,
or wish to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, submit a request using this
web form
,
or send us email at call us an email
legal@intelex.com
,call us toll-free at
(844) 981-1525
, or contact our Data Privacy Officer, Clay Hughes, via phone at 416-599-6009.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;