KINGSMAN - THE SECRET SERVICE GAME
Immerse yourselves in the Kingsman universe, with its amazing weapons and action in the all new Kingsman - The Secret Service Game.
Download Now On:
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://yesgnome.com/privacyPolicy.html:
Download Now On:
Coming Soon On:
1
2
3
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us.
YesGnome LLC and its affiliates ("YesGnome", "us", "our" or "we") are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you").  This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including
www.yesgnome.com
or any YesGnome game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android)(collectively, the "Service").  Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by YesGnome through your use of the Service.  YesGnome is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer.  Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.  If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
.
Information Collection and Use
YesGnome collects information as described below.
YesGnome's primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.  We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
In order to use your community forum, you must register and provide a username, password and email address.
YesGnome's Sites
While you are browsing YesGnome's Sites, your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically.  We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service.  In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses.  We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services.  We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with YesGnome Sites and notify you about company news and promotions.
Forums/Private Messages
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs, private messages, or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
If you choose to use Facebook connect to use our blog or community forums, the information you provide is tied to your Facebook account. You will need to contact Facebook directly in order to request removal of personal information from our blog or community forum.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the YesGnome games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application and so you may interact with other users of the game.  We will not share this information with any third party without your permission. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level.  Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service.  This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the YesGnome games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You can log in to our site using sign-in services ("SN Service") such as Facebook Connect, LinkedIn, Apple's Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service.  The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to YesGnome's game(s).
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
.
Invite a Friend
YesGnome may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in YesGnome games and/or you can invite them to join you in YesGnome games.  Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.  You or the third party may contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent YesGnome stores any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with YesGnome games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
support@yesgnome.com
.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.  This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.  This data is stored within Amazon Web Services. With your permission, we will also collect your exact location so that we are able to match you with other players in your area.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service.
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.  The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify winners and award prizes, to monitor traffic or personalize the Service.  We may use a third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your user’s personal information for any other purpose.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password.  Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use.  You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked.  Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement.  These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and MobileAppTracking by Tune. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service.  The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address.  They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
identify and suggest connections with other YesGnome users;
operate and improve our Service;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by YesGnome and our selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users; and
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Disclosure of Your information
YesGnome does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.  If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
.  If you no longer wish to receive such communications from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
YesGnome may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf.  Example of these services include analyzing data and providing customer support.  These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for YesGnome
YesGnome may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.  You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
YesGnome takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this information.  We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at
support@yesgnome.com
.  We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails by emailing us at
support@yesgnome.com
. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You probably have questions about keeping you, or your children safe while connected to our games through your mobile device. Things like age limits, in-app purchases, and privacy are all very valid concerns, and we’re here to make sure that you get the support you need.
To make sure you can enjoy YesGnome games in a safe and controlled environment, we stick to a clear set of principles that have served our gamers and us well:
We respect our gamers, and we put all our strength into making the most fun games for them to enjoy.
We want you to be in total control of your experience with YesGnome games. That means that before you or your child download our games, you should be given upfront information about the game’s content. This means that it should be totally clear when you’re about to make any purchases within a game.
If you or your child ever has any problems with our games, you should be able to quickly find out how to fix it. As well as providing guides like this, that means helping you to contact the right company for your issue, whether it’s to do with payments (which will usually be Google or Apple, who process purchases and refunds) or the game itself (which will usually be us).
Read on as we try to cover what might be your most likely questions. If we’ve missed anything, email us at
support@yesgnome.com
. In your email, be sure to include any specific details that might be useful, like what happened and when, possible transaction ID receipts, relevant screenshots, etc.
HOW CAN I MANAGE OR TURN OFF IN-APP PURCHASES?
Our games are free to download. Please note however that our games also offer entirely optional “in-app purchases”. These purchases are never required to play the game, but can be used to enhance some elements of gameplay. In-app purchases vary in price and range from $0.99 to $99.99 (without taxes) in U.S. app stores, for example.
In-app purchases are paid for with real money, and are always clearly labeled as such. They’re accessible “in game”, meaning that the options to make a purchase are found within the game itself.
Important:
You can easily manage the ability to make in-app purchases, adjust password protection settings, or disable in-app purchases entirely through your mobile device’s general settings. The way to do this depends on whether you’re using an Apple iOS device, like an iPhone or an iPad, or a Google Android device. Either way, the instructions you need are here:
Apple iOS device in-app settings
/
Google Android device in-app settings
WHO PROCESSES IN-APP PURCHASES?
Here at YesGnome, we don’t process payments for in-app purchases, or have access to any of your credit card information. That’s because the payment transactions themselves are completed through Apple’s App Store or Google Play (depending on your device) via your personal email address associated with that account. Receipts for these transactions are emailed to you by Apple or Google after each purchase (though please note that any post-purchase processes are controlled by Apple or Google and are subject to change by them).
MY CHILD ACCIDENTALLY MADE AN IN-APP PURCHASE. HOW DO I SEE ABOUT A REFUND?
As with most downloadable software products, items bought through our games (in-app purchases) are generally non-refundable. In some special occasions there can be exceptions, however. The transaction process is controlled by Apple (for iOS devices) or Google (for Android devices), and both companies have support teams who handle refund requests.
For Apple (iOS) devices:
Visit
Apple support
and select the "Contact iTunes store support" link, then "Purchases, billing and redemption" and choose the option that fits you best.
For Google (Android) devices:
Visit
Google support
and perform a search, or use the ‘Contact us’ button on the page (English language site only) to reach a Google customer support representative by email or by phone.
I’VE RECEIVED A BILL FOR A PURCHASE I DIDN’T MAKE. WHAT SHOULD I DO IF I SUSPECT FRAUDULENT ACTIVITY?
If you or your child have never played one of our games, but suspect that there’s been fraudulent transaction activity on your account, then you should immediately contact Apple (for iOS devices) or Google (for Android devices), who control the transaction process.
For Apple (iOS) devices:
Visit
Apple support
and select the "Contact iTunes store support" link, then "Purchases, billing and redemption" and choose the option that fits you best.
For Google (Android) devices:
Visit
Google support
and perform a search, or use the ‘Contact us’ button on the page (English language site only) to reach a Google customer support representative by email or by phone.
If you’ve already contacted Apple or Google about suspected fraudulent activity and they’ve sent you to us, please contact us at
support@yesgnome.com
. Be sure to include specific details like what happened and when, transaction ID receipts, relevant screenshots, etc.
WHAT’S YESGNOME’S POLICY ON PRIVACY?
Your privacy is always on the top of our minds. Here at YesGnome, we don’t have access to any of your credit card information. That’s because the payment transactions themselves are completed through Apple’s App Store or Google Play (depending on your device) via your personal email address associated with that account. We’ll also always ask for your consent when it comes to sending direct marketing messages to your mobile device.
We won’t sell or disclose your personal data to third parties for their own commercial purposes. We’ll also always ask for your consent when it comes to sending direct marketing messages to your mobile device.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YESGNOME?
If you have any more questions, send us an email at
support@yesgnome.com
. In your email, be sure to include any specific details that might be useful, like what happened and when, possible transaction ID receipts, relevant screenshots, etc.
Thanks for your help in making our games as safe and as fun as possible!
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY
YesGnome is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and applications. This Children’s Online Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”), and uses terms that are defined in our general privacy policy. This policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and outlines our practices in the United States and Latin America regarding children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit OnGuard Online.
How we use the information we collect from Children and how we use it?
YesGnome sites and applications offer a variety of activities including activities that may collect information from children. Below, we summarize potential instances of collection and outline how and when we will provide parental notice and/or seek parental consent. In any instance that we collect personal information from a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or allow the child to continue to participate in the activity, and ensure the security of our users and our services, or as required by law. In the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection.
Registration
Children can, in many cases, register with our sites and applications to view content, play games, participate in contests, and engage in special features, among other things. During the registration process, we may ask the child to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including a parent or guardian’s email address, the child’s first name and gender, the child’s member or account username, and password. We also may ask for birth dates from children to validate their ages. We strongly advise children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that children can choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result, children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided. We will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in an online activity.
About the collection of parent email address: Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, on any child-targeted site or application, or in any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is age 12 or under, we will ask for a parent or guardian email address before we collect any personal information from the child. If you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information and you or another parent/guardian have NOT received an email providing notice or seeking your consent, please feel free to contact us at
connect@yesgnome.com
. We will not use parent emails provided for parental consent purposes to market to the parent, unless the parent has expressly opted in to email marketing or has separately participated in an activity that allows for such email contact.
Content Generated by a Child
Certain activities on our sites and applications allow children to create or manipulate content and save it with YesGnome. Some of these activities do not require children to provide any personal information and therefore may not result in notice to the parent or require parental consent. If an activity potentially allows a child to insert personal information in their created content, we will either pre-screen the submission to delete any personal information, or we will seek verifiable parental consent by email for the collection.
About Verifiable Parental Consent:
Email Consent. In the event YesGnome wishes to collect personal information from a child, COPPA requires that we first seek a parent or guardian’s consent by email. In the email we will explain what information we are collecting, how we plan to use it, how the parent can provide consent, and how the parent can revoke consent. If we do not receive parental consent within a reasonable time, we will delete the parent contact information and any other information collected from the child in connection with that activity.
High-Level Consent. In the event YesGnome collects personal information from a child that will be posted publicly, we will seek a higher level of consent than email consent. Such “high-level” methods of consent include but are not limited to asking for a credit card or other payment method for verification (with a nominal charge involved), speaking to a trained customer service representative by telephone or video chat, or requiring a signed consent form by mail, email attachment, or fax. After providing high-level consent, a parent may have the opportunity to use a pin or password in future communications as a way to confirm the parent’s identity.
Chat
Certain games and activities that are directed to children allow users to communicate directly with other users by means of a chat system. In most cases, these chat systems employ filters that are intended to prevent the communication of both personal information and age-inappropriate words and phrases. In addition to filters, we may employ live moderation and/or encourage other users to flag inappropriate communications. We strongly encourage children who use these interactive features on our sites and applications never to provide personal information about themselves or any third party, and certainly never to attempt to circumvent our filters or moderation. We also recommend that parents carefully supervise their children when the children participate in online activities.
Where YesGnome employs a chat system that does not filter all or nearly all personal information, we will first seek high-level consent from the parent.
Contests and Sweepstakes
For contests and sweepstakes, we typically require only the information necessary for a child to participate, such as first name (to distinguish among family members) and parent Email address (to notify the parent where required by law). We only contact the parent for more personalized information for prize-fulfillment purposes when the child wins the contest or sweepstakes.
Of course, some contests and sweepstakes ask the child to submit their own created content along with the child’s entry. In those instances, we may require parental consent prior to submission.
Email Contact with a Child
On occasion, in order to respond to a question or request from a child, YesGnome may need to ask for the child’s online contact information, such as an Email address. YesGnome will delete this information immediately after responding to the question or request.
In connection with certain activities or services, we may collect a child’s online contact information, such as an Email address, in order to communicate with the child more than once. In such instances we will retain the child’s online contact information to honor the request and for no other purpose such as marketing. One example would be a newsletter that provides occasional updates about a site, game/activity, television show, personality/character, or feature movie. Whenever we collect a child’s online contact information for ongoing communications, we will simultaneously require a parent Email address in order to notify the parent about the collection and use of the child’s information, as well as to provide the parent an opportunity to prevent further contact with the child. On some occasions a child may be engaged in more than one ongoing communication, and a parent may be required to “opt-out” of each communication individually.
Push Notifications
Push notifications are notifications on mobile and other devices that are typically associated with downloaded applications, and which can communicate to the device holder even when the application is not in use. We will require a child to provide a parent Email address before the child can receive push notifications from our child-directed applications that collect a device identifier. We will then provide the parent with notice of our contact with the child and will provide the parent the opportunity to prevent further notifications. Finally, we will not associate the device identifier with other personal information without contacting the parent to get consent.
Persistent Identifiers
When children interact with us, certain information may automatically be collected, both to make our sites and applications more interesting and useful to children and for various purposes related to our business. Examples include the type of computer operating system, the child’s IP address or mobile device identifier, the web browser, the frequency with which the child visits various parts of our sites or applications, and information regarding the online or mobile service provider. This information may be collected by YesGnome or by a third party. This data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to:
provide children with access to features and activities on our sites and applications
customize content and improve our sites and applications
conduct research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applications
generate anonymous reporting for use by YesGnome
In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection.
Please contact us by Email below with questions about the operators’ privacy policies and collection and use practices:
Email:
connect@yesgnome.com
We also may share or disclose personal information collected from children in a limited number of instances, including the following:
We may share information with our service providers if necessary for them to perform a business, professional, or technology support function for us.
At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children in association with a particular account, and can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other service.
In any correspondence such as Email or mail, please include the child’s username and the parent’s Email address and telephone number. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent’s identity before granting access to any personal information.
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy applies to YesGnome’s games, and websites which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on yesgnome.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy
What Information do we collect?
Data you provide us:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically in the app/game:
Data about your game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners:
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook)
Demographic data (such as to determine the general location of your IP address)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service in the game.
Why do we collect your information?
To make the Service work.
We process the data necessary to
Allow you to play our games and use our Service
Verify and confirm payments from our side.
Customer Support in case of a problem with the game.
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have to collect and process necessary data to
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Provide social features as part of the Service
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you any sort of offers in the Service.
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages.
Enable you to communicate with other players via in game chat.
To show personalised advertisements
To show you personalised advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services, we have to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behaviour
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service You can opt-out from any personalised advertisements
To keep the Service safe and fair.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have interest to process necessary data to
Analyse and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyse, profile and segment all collected data.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your location to show you the leaderboards & events.
Who can see your information?
Apart from YesGnome, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other Players
Other players may, for example, see your profile data, and the in-game activities. Social features are a core component of our games.
Partners working with YesGnome
YesGnome has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to our instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, and analytics.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organisations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising.These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Your Rights
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us. You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Cookies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalise the service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
How do we protect your information?
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorised access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
NOTE :
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Age Limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send
any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any
personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Contact Us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Address:
11th Floor, Watermark Technopark,
Plot 11, Survey 9, Whitefields,
Kondapur, Hyderabad - 500084
Email:
support@yesgnome.com