PRIVACY POLICY - Sneaky Sasquatch
Effective Date: September 16, 2019
This Privacy Policy applies to the game currently titled "
Sneaky Sasquatch
" (the “
Game
”) when provided through an Apple, Inc. (“
Apple
”) service or product, and RAC7 Games Inc. (“
RAC7
”, “we”, “
our
”
or
“
us
”) services related to the Game (collectively, the “
Service
”), and details how we collect, use, and disclose data about our users, including you.
BY CLICKING “I AGREE” OR SIMILAR CONFIRMATION OR BY USING THE SERVICE YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AS APPLICABLE IN YOUR JURISDICTION.
1. DATA WE COLLECT
The Service collects only two types of data:
save state data, which contains non-personal gameplay data, such as character and level progression, achievement tracking and multiplayer information (collectively, “
Save Data
”); and
a local identifiable device ID specific to Save Data for internal operations of the Game (a “
Device ID
”).
If you provide your email to us when contacting us, we may collect and use any information contained in such email, including your contact information.
2. PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
Save Data, along with a Device ID, is sent to Apple for Game Center achievements, leaderboards and multiplayer and to iCloud for storage. Save Data is also stored locally on your device used to access the Service. We do not store personal or gameplay data, including Save Data, on our servers. In some jurisdictions, Save Data or a Device ID may be considered personal data either because it can be combined with more specific personal data linking such data to a particular person or household or because it actually is, or is linked with, personal data associated with a particular person or household. Other uses of the data we collect include: displaying and delivering the Game and content through the Service; supporting the security and integrity of the Service; and complying with contractual, legal (including requests from law enforcement or government authorities through means such as subpoenas or warrants), regulatory or audit obligations or defending our rights and the rights of others.
We may disclose the data we collect to our parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees and contractors (who may all be located in a foreign jurisdiction and subject to foreign laws) for the same purposes as described above.
3. COOKIES AND DIGITAL TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We do not use cookies, web beacons, java beacons or clear GIFs, to collect data about you.
4. OBTAINING, RECTIFYING AND CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
If data that we collect about you is considered personal data in your jurisdiction, you may contact RAC7 to obtain a copy of any personal data we collected about you, the production of which may be subject to a fee as permitted by applicable law. In addition, you may contact RAC7 to correct inaccurate personal data or to complete incomplete personal data.
You may be able to opt-out of some or all of the ways in which your personal data is processed, or request the deletion of certain personal data, except where the personal data is necessary or vital: for the performance of contractual obligations; to comply with our legal obligations; to protect your interests or those of another person; or for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party. You may opt-out or request deletion by ceasing your access to RAC7, deleting such data from the Service or contacting us to remove your personal data by using the contact information found below.
5. DATA STORAGE, RETENTION AND TRANSFERS
While RAC7 is a Canadian company, the data you provide through the Service may be stored and processed by us or third-parties in countries around the world. You authorize RAC7 and third-parties to process your data in any country, which may cause your data, including personal and anonymous data, to be subject to privacy protections and legal rights that may not be equivalent to those in your country.
RAC7 complies with international personal data transfer laws in applicable jurisdictions. For residents in the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”), RAC7 complies with Articles 44-49 of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “
GDPR
”). Currently, all transfers of personal data to Canada from residents of the EEA are covered by an adequacy decision as described in Article 45 of the GDPR or by EEA approved Model Contractual Clauses.
Your personal data is retained until you request its deletion or until RAC7 no longer requires such data for the purpose for which it was collected or until required to be deleted by laws applicable in your jurisdiction.
6. CHILDREN
RAC7 complies with all applicable privacy laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet including laws applicable to residents of the EEA and the United States. Our collection of personal data is limited to the internal operations of the Game. If we learn that we inadvertently collected personal data from a child under the age of 13 beyond allowable legal limitations, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 or under the age of consent in your jurisdiction, who you believe provided RAC7 with personal data without your consent, please contact us at
privacy@rac7.com
7. CALIFORNIA “SHINE THE LIGHT” RIGHT
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code 1798.83 grants you, once annually, the right to request our disclosure of the categories of personal data we provided to third parties, and the names and addresses of these third parties, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. Currently, we do not collect or store any personal data for marketing purposes.
8. EUROPEAN USERS AND RIGHTS OF EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RESIDENTS
RAC7 has a legitimate interest, as described in Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, in collecting your personal data described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In some cases, the processing of your personal data is necessary for our provision of the Services to you, as described in Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR. In other cases, such as when you provide consent to contact you using your contact information, RAC7 may collect your personal data pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain rights in regards to your personal data. These rights include:
A Right of Access. You have the right to access your personal data that we hold about you free of charge in most circumstances.
A Right to Rectification. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you can change the information you provided by changing the information yourself or by contacting RAC7 using the e-mail listed below.
A Right to Erasure. You have the right to obtain deletion of personal data concerning you in many cases. In most cases, you may simply request the deletion by using the contact information found below. Please be careful as deletion of your data in this manner is permanent and your data cannot be recovered.
A Right to Object. If the processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR or if your personal data was collected based on your consent, you have the right to object to this processing. If you object we will no longer process your personal data unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing as described in Article 21 of the GDPR; in particular if the personal data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or if personal data is required for the provision of the Service and you still wish to use the Service.
A Right to file a Complaint. You have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction.
A Right to Restriction of Processing of your Personal Data. You have the right to obtain restrictions on the processing of your personal data as described in Article 18 of the GDPR.
A Right to Personal Data Portability. You have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit such data to another controller under the conditions described in Article 20 of the GDPR.
A Right to Post-Mortem Control of Your Personal Data. Certain jurisdictions grant post-mortem controls of your personal data and if such rights are applicable in your jurisdiction, you may have the right to establish guidelines for the preservation, the deletion and the transmission of your personal data after your death though a will or through your estate.
A Right to Opt-out of Marketing Communications. You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time although we do not currently use the Service to send you marketing communications. If you do receive any marketing e-mails from us, you can exercise your right to stop such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link on any marketing e-mails RAC7 sends you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
9. CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP OR BUSINESS TRANSITION
In the event of, or in preparation for, a change of ownership or control of RAC7 or a business transition such as the sale of RAC7 or the sale or license of some or all RAC7’s assets, we may disclose and/or transfer your data to third-parties who will have the right to continue to collect and use such data in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy.
10. SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your data is secure. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, or breach, we put in place suitable physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the data we collect and process.
11. CONTACT PREFERENCES
We communicate with our users primarily through the Service itself and our online forums, but we may sometimes collect the contact information, such as an e-mail address, of some of our users in order to respond to support requests or comments. If you have provided us with your e-mail address and would like to change the e-mail preferences we associate with you (for example, unsubscribing from receiving certain types of e-mail) you may do so by clicking a link within certain types of e-mails that we send to you or, if no link is available, by replying with “unsubscribe” in the e-mail title or body or by modifying your e-mail settings within the Service. On rare occasions, some types of e-mail are necessary for the Service and cannot be unsubscribed from if you continue to use the Service.
12. UPDATES
RAC7 reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy at any time (“
Updates
”) and shall make Updates available on RAC7’s website as well as by providing a notice if any material changes are made to the Privacy Policy. You are deemed to accept Updates by continuing to use the Service. Unless RAC7 states otherwise, Updates are automatically effective 30 days after posting on RAC7 website.
13. CONTACT US
If you have requests, questions or comments about the Privacy Policy or our data collection in general, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@rac7.com
or:
Privacy Support Team
RAC7 GAMES INC.
4106-1408 Strathmore Mews
Vancouver, BC, Canada
V6Z 3A9