Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
(Updated : December 19, 2021)
WE BELIEVE IN USER PRIVACY. WE CONTEMPLATE, OUR USERS NEEDED TO BE CLEAR ABOUT THEIR PRIVACY.
Privacy overview:
‘Photo Vault | Hidden Album PV'
, is  a mobile application that secures personal photos, videos by locking them down with PIN protection, biometric lock ( fingerprint touch id or face id) and military-grade AES-256 end-to-end encryption. We at Brain Craft Ltd. (
“we”, “us”, “our”
) respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the
“Policy”
) explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data are collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it to provide you and your caregiver with the Appʼs functionality.
This app uses AES-256 encryption, considered among the most secure in the world and “military-grade”. This AES-256 End to End encryption means, without you no one can see your private photo, video or contents, not even us!
This policy is combined into our
User Agreement
(the “Terms”) and is a part of them.
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. Information we collect.
We use the information we collect to provide you a better service. We also use it to improve and customize the features and develop new features.
2. Automatically collected information:
We may collect some information automatically. i.e. analytical data.
3. Use of personal information.
We will use the information to make our service available, improve our service and more important to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches.
4. Third-Party Sites & services.
Third party services is used in the app. Details is given below.
5. Ads Network:
Google AdMob is used for the advertisement purposes.
6. Data Retention:
We retain your information for as long as we deem necessary for our purposes.
7. Your Rights.
You have the right to make the request to erase all of your data we store.
8. Security.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized access or use of information, but these measures, just like any security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
9. Children privacy.
You must be 17+ years of age or older in order to use the App. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 17+ years of age.
10. Aggregated information.
We may use the information we collect from you to create de-identified, statistical or aggregated information.
11. Changes to the Policy.
We may change this Policy at the time we update the app.
Details:
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you actively provide us
Account information
. We do not collect personal information except your account name, email address.
Contents.
If you have a Service account and choose use our cloud backup service, you can use and store different types of data in the Service, such as photos and videos, contacts, passwords, notes etc. All of the contents are encrypted before stored. That means, without you, no one can see your private photo, video or any contents, not even us! Furthermore, these encrypted data are collected only for storing and safeguarding purposes.
Feedback and correspondence.
You may share information with us when you respond to surveys, request customer support, or otherwise interact with us.
Note:
We will never ask you to send us or submit to the Service any information related to racial or ethnic origin; political opinions or union membership; religious or other beliefs; your health, biometric or genetic information; information about your sexual preference, or sexual orientation.
USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN YOU SHARE CONTENT CONTAINING OR DEPICTING PERSONAL INFORMATION OF YOURSELF OR OTHER INDIVIDUALS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU SHARE.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
Device Information.
We may collect information about your mobile device, including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers, language, mobile network information, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Service.
Analytical data.
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Firebase By Google for A/B testing. Crashlytics for capture crash reports and retention tracking. For example, we may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Service, the duration of your sessions, the interactions you make with the Service interface, etc. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including the time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Information about the applications.
Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analyses. Some services also record the list of applications and/or processes that are installed or run on your device.
In-app events.
When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record your activity information.
Information provided automatically to analytics or advertising tools does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. We do not control, supervise, or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means. Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Please note that while we partner solely with third parties that gave us assurance of application of necessary technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from the App directly to such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties. We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties. We do not control or influence these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with the necessary infrastructure for the delivery and improvement of our services:
In case you want to learn more about the services and privacy options please consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage of your personal data by the above mentioned third parties in violation of our instructions. Our App may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
Ads Network
Google AdMob
If you use an ad-supported version of the Service, advertising companies use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use it, and to serve you ads tailored to your interests in the Service and elsewhere. In this app, Google AdMob is used for advertisement purpose.
To improve the performance of AdMob, the Google Mobile Ads SDK may collect certain information from apps, including:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
For AdMob data disclosure policy visit
https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure
Use of Collected Information
We will only use collected information in ways that are compatible with the purposes listed below for which it was collected or as subsequently authorized by you. Be noted, Without such information, it is impossible to provide complete the functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
To make our service available.
We use information that you submit and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services. We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions, or feedback.
To improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, Improving, and customizing the application, and developing new features.
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce of law.
We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process the information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
DATA RETENTION
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for performing the functional service of the App and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.
EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Deletion of your data
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for performing the functional service of the App and to comply with our legal obligations. Registered users may also contact us to request the deletion of their account and personal information. We may request information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request, such as where we need to retain your information for security, compliance, fraud prevention, and safety, to comply with the law or for legal claims. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. Once we process your request you will not be able to access your account or use the Service. When we delete any information, it will be deleted from our active database, but where permitted by law, may remain for a period of time in our backup files or other instances where deletion is not practicable.
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include: name, address, city, state, zip code, and email address. We may use this information to surface a series of security questions to you to verify your identity. If you are making a request through an authorized agent acting on your behalf, such authorized agent must provide written authorization confirming or a power of attorney, signed by you.
We will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the request or (ii) confirm the personal information relates to you. We may ask you for additional information or documents to verify your identity.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law. If you have any questions about the security of our App, you can contact us through the email displayed below.
MINORʼS PRIVACY
To use this service your age must be 17+. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 17+ years of age. If you are under the age of 17+ you may not use the Service in any way.
AGGREGATE OR ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
At any time, we may anonymize (de-identify) the personal information we have collected. We may use de-identified, statistical or aggregated information, including information that we process according to this Policy, to properly operate the Service, to develop and improve the quality and functionality of the Service, to enhance your experience, to create new services, including customized services, to change or cancel existing features and for other research, development and statistical purposes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective when posted (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). If you object to an update of this Privacy Policy, you must notify us and ask to deactivate your account and delete your personal information prior to the effective date of the update. Continued use of the Service after any update to this Privacy Policy will indicate your acceptance of the update.
CONTACT US
You may contact us with any questions or comments, at:
support@braincraftapps.com
Page updated
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it